Review

Great Staff in New Orleans The French Quarter Courtyard is a good place to stay if you want to visit the French Quarter and are on a budget. The best thing about the hotel is the staff. Miss Wendy will accomodate your requests without hesitation. Also the valets will get your car at any time without delay. The rooms are clean but could use some updating of the furniture and bathrooms. If you have loud neighbors that come in late you will definitely hear them. I was traveling on business by myself and really did not think the neighborhood was too safe at night to be out alone. But if you have some other people with you I don't think that you would have any problems with the location of the hotel. This hotel is for someone that wants to experience a quaint hotel and is not expecting the Four Seasons.

Good hotel, Nice Staff This hotel is on the second floor of a multi-storied building. A business is on the first floor. It is decorated nicely and our room was a good size, as was the bathroom. The breakfast was bread, pastries, cereals, etc., and very good cappuccinos. It is a short walk to the Accademia, and the rest of the tourist attractions are a walkable distance, but we were told the buses went by frequently, if you want to walk. There seem to be any restaurants, etc., in the immediate area around the hotel, which may bother some people. The big plus for this hotel was its pleasant and informative staff. Each one was very courteous and helpful. The desk clerk and the two of us were the only ones up at 5:30AM when she called a cab for us. The cab came in 5 minutes. Now service!

loved it! My mother and I stayed here for a long weekend and we both loved the hotel. The location is very central, close to oxford street and mable arch - still, our room was soo quiet! Stayed in a standard room - a little small as we imagined - but very clean and stylish. The staff is very nice, polite and helpfull, made our experience even greater. Overall - loved it!

Great Location Fron of hotel

Small quiet and friendly Stayed here for 4 nights late September and were given a larger room with juliette balcony - rooms not large by American standards but good for Paris, they also have suites suitable if you have a family. Comfortable beds and air conditioning and unusually for European hotels a kettle with tea bags in the room and an iron and ironing board. I wish all hotels would do this. Excellent friendly welcome (good English spoken) breakfast with cereals, boiled eggs, pastries and good coffee and juice in small dining room. We particularly liked the quiet street without the traffice noise normally found in Paris.Small food shops just round the corner and not far to restaurants or metro but be prepared to do a lot of walking taxis are not that easy to get, take comfortable footwear!

Good value conveniently located with luxurious beds Having searched through lots of hotels on the web and tripadvisor reviews we were pleased we chose the Orchard. It had everything we needed without being a large noisy convention hotel. The beds and bedding were wonderful. At first I thought it was just my jet lag that made me sleep well but we were there a few days and slept soundly. Breakfast is adequate in a nice dining room. We had dinner there the first night as we were very tired and it was excellent. There is a small bar area which looks nice but we didn't use as we were out most of the time. It is a very short walk to Union square and we found San Francisco an easy city to walk around just take a jacket and sweater it can be very cold one day and sunny the next. The city attracts a lot of cloud.We went to Alcatraz and when we had tried to book on the web or by phone they said the boat was full for the whole of our stay but on contacting one of the tour companies we managed to go the very next day, they collected us from our hotel and took us to their central office (near Fishermans Wharf) and then we were taken to the boat and we then did a bus tour of the outer areas of San Francisco.If you are hiring a car after your trip to San Francisco as we did there is a Hertz office in short walking distance of the Orchard.

Lovely Hotel Lovely grounds and pool areas. Beach rooms are dark and gloomy, linen/towels could do with replacing. Bathrooms in need of refurb but would still recomment this hotel and stay here again. Staff very friendly. Pool bar very popular especially at happy hour. Personally don't like Indonesian food but cakes fabulous and breakfast okay. Top tip get up early to get a sun lounger, seems that pool man may be earning a few rupiah by reserving for some guests - you know who you are. Evening dance entertainment excellent.Very friendly place, clean well kept and beautiful gardens which are sprayed each evrening to keep insects at bay, beach lovely -slopes a bit into sea but quite fun getting in and out.Best in Sanur and good value.

Not 5 Star! I recently got back from this hotel on the 21st December 2007 after a weeks stay in what i thought would be a 5 star hotel. Don't get me wrong it was well worth what we paid. However, WARNING! I advise that if you are travelling from the UK you DO NOT upgrade your room through your travel agent. Wait until you get there. I had set my heart on a room with a jacuzi and was utterly disappointed. We booked through the agent and paid an extra 300 dollars only to find that when we got there we had been upgraded to the Deluxe Suite which was in building 2 not 7. After enquiring at reception we could have paid that amount at the reception for the room we wanted however, although we had already paid one this was a standard upgrade charge so then would have to pay again! AS IF IM MADE OF MONEY! anyway after that we got into a room in building 2. It was adequate! the air con was an absolute god send. The alcohol was absolutely disgusting, i hardly drank anything all week. The food i would say was ok. Breakfast had a very good choice and was to a good standard and the evening meals were ok! didn't get ill thank god! As for the beach, it was lovely. However, be careful as you will continually be hassled everywhere on this resort by shop owners, time share guys, watersports guys etc! They drove me in sane! Also watch out for the local market people that appear at the resort twice a week! just dont even look, i spent half an hour getting very stressed trying to tell them that i WAS NOT going to pay 150 dollars for a stone necklace! They think your stupid! All in all i had a wonderful time here due to the fact that we booked on lots of excursions. Therefore, not spending much time on the resort. (Definately do the Outback Safari its a fantastic day out. Just hope you dont go on a day when there is a tropical storm like we did. ) If you go with an open mind you will love it here, just expect the rooms to be anything like the pictures. The food also looks like its from a glossy magazine! How WRONG!! Take money with you and do the trips! And last but most importantly if any one approaches you JUST SAY NO!

A very nice place to stay View of the courtyard

Highly recommend this outstanding resort! Majestic was everything we dreamed of and more for our wedding. We flew down with avid travellers who were blown away with this resort, do not have any doubts. stay here! you will not regret it, it brings tears to my eyes thinking of the memories I will forever hold in my heart.If you have any questions feel free to ask I chose not to write a lengthly review as there is just too much to say.

Absolutely divine We stayed 4nights at the Ca' dei Dogi apartment which is immediately oppsite the main boutique hotel. Stefano and Suzanna are the most delightful, helpful hosts/owners. We arrived in the pouring rain and were immediately taken to our 6th floor apartment to enable us to dry out and relax. Stefano threw open the shutters to our terrace to reveal a view to the palace and campanile. The terrace is framed by pots and pots of miniature roses. Our apartment was spacious with fully equipped kitchen, living room, seperate bedroom and bathroom and was immaculately clean. The location - superb!!! The Bridge of Sighs is 10 metres away and St Marco square is a 2 minute walk - get up at dawn and stroll to the square to see it empty of crowds - breathtaking!

Great rooftop hangout! Rooftop of Il Bargellino

Great Value for the Money Just returned from our 2nd visit to Waikiki West enjoyed this trip as much as last year. Since we both smoke we were given an unrenovated room (with kitchenette) on the 1st floor by the pool, which was great as I use a wheelchair didn't have to always wait for a mostly empty elevator. Speaking of the elevators, we had a good time going to different floors as many people didn't know how to use their room card correctly to hit the right floor. We heard very little grumbling about the mixups mostly people treated it as an adventure. The staff was great - everything we asked for we received in record time. We tipped housekeeping every day a thank you note was left for us. Our room was large enough to accommodate the wheelchair; it was very clean - no bugs; any dishes left in the sink were washed for us; bell staff were more than kind helpful. As others have stated, the WW is right on the bus line, a short walk to the beach right across from The Pantry, which has everything anyone could need for their stay. A word of warning, if you eat at Chili's, dress warmly as the temperature is somewhere around freezing, but the food is worth it. Can't wait to return next year! Aloha!!!

Amazing hotel; couldn't have asked for more! View from 17th flr balcony

Fabulous Time! I just returned home from a week vacation at Iberostar. I went from the 25th of Nov to the 2nd of December with my family and best friend.The hotel was beautiful. The landscaping was jsut wonderful..the gardens were maintained very well and they were very colourful. The beach was also very nice and aswell was the pool. It was kind of hard to find a good chair on the beach, you had to look kind of hard. There was a great variety of bars all across the resort, my favorite had to ahve been the lobby bar. The Bartenders were very nice and helpful when choosing a good drink. A really good drink id recommend to try would be an Iberostar or an Alexandre..tey were so tasty!The entertainment was prety good, and the night show was generally very well done. The animacion staff were very friendly, and tried to get everyone involved. They ahd a beach party the one night and it was quite a fun time. The disco was really neat, and they played a large variety of good music.We went on 2 of the excursions..We went snorkeling with the sharks and sting rays, and also to Saona Island. Saona island wasnt really something that I would recommend.The service at the hotel was awesome, they seemed to be able to tend to everything you needed..The one tihng I jsut wasnt to happy with was the food..Al though alot of people seemed to enjoy it, I wasnt a big fan.But I would recommend getting a reservation at the stake house beucase the food was really good there. it was probably the best all week.Overall, this resort was fantastic! I have been to the Dominican twice and now and would definatly love to go back. I would recommend this to many people and definatly people looking for alot of fun. I hope this is helpful

best time of my life. officialy. me and joselo(a entertainment staff)

Very nice but.... my grandson in the pool

No longer a 5 star hotel We had stayed here a few years ago and really thought it was a beautiful hotel. So, based on our previous experience, we decided we would stop over for two nights at the hotel before making our way to Cape Cod. The hotel is in a good location, but looks as if management is cutting corners. The hotel gets a great deal of traffic, and it shows. The room used for the breakfast buffet and evening cocktails is a bit shabby, overcrowded, and not that clean. Worst of all, and to our dismay, the hotel is pet friendly. Pets can be quite wonderful (we have our own), but please leave them at home! We booked two rooms for two nights (over $1,000 per night). One room smelled like a cat had been in it, and neglected to use the cat box! The other room had pet hair on the bed and all over the carpet! I do give the hotel credit for being responsive. We were given a small suite to replace the horrible smelling first room, and the room with pet hair was eventually better cleaned and clothes that had picked up pet hair were laundered by the hotel at no charge to us. But, it took a day and half before anyone at the hotel even admitted that it was pet friendly! We just kept thinking how strange it was that someone had an animal in their room! Really, is that what anyone expects from a so called five-star hotel? We spent so much time when we first checked in dealing with problems, that the entire stay was really ruined. Again, when we complained, the staff was helpful, but not what I would call overly apologetic for such unacceptable conditions.This hotel clearly is banking on the fact that its location on the harbor is enough to compensate for its shortcomings. And if you stay here, I recommend you ask for a room that hasn't accomodated animals!

Great hotel! My husband and I stayed at the Duquesne for 3 days in early October and we had a wonderful time. We opened the door to our corner room on the 1st floor and the room was spotless with a clear view of the Eiffel Tower. We arrived after midnight and the guy at the front desk was very welcoming. His English was ok but he had said that breakfast was included in our price. Apparently it wasn't since at check out, we noticed breakfast was tacked on to our final amount. And at quite a hefty price too. That was the only issue though. Not sure on the size of the other rooms, but the corner rooms are generously sized (ask for a room that ends with a 5 which are the corner rooms). The shower/sink is separate from the toilet, but both were very clean. The Metro is just 2 blocks away (Ecole Militaire stop) and there are a couple cafes along the street. There is quite a bit of street/traffic noise during the day, but the windows actually do a great job in minimizing it. We had a hard time finding the street upon arrival so make sure you have good directions, perhaps from the hotel. Overall, had an excellent stay at the Duquesne.

great hotel in a great city After choosing this hotel from reviews on TripAdvisor, we were not disappointed. It was comfortable, beautiful and in a quiet neighborhood, which was refreshing after the crowds of Barcelona. We took the Bus Touristic, which was about a 10 minute walk away but the subway is about a block away and easy to use. The only thing that we were disappointed in were the lack of decent restaurants that were handy. I would recommend this hotel and would stay there again.

Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful The beach stretched for miles!!

PRIVATE AND COMFORTABLE WOW-They gave us a wonderful executive suite and it was very quiet. It was a 10 minute walk from the train station. This particular hotel does not offer lotion, so bring your own and they also run out of face towels. Housekeeping is not that great, we had to go behind them to clean things off. It's an older building and the ceilings in the room are low, so I wouldn't suggest anyone over 6 feet to stay in the executive suite and it also does not offer a bathtub but a huge shower. But this hotel is centrally located to everything and I would stay there again. I would also not suggest using there internet from the room, it may not connect , but they do have a business office on the first floor. Jose the Concerige was very nice and accomodating and made our stay very nice.

Wish I could live in Hotel Pulitzer Bathroom

The Hoxton Rocks Hoxton Stuff

Wonderful hotel Stayed at the Marriott for 6 nights from Dec 23rd which was our first time in New York.The cab ride from JFK was a bit hair raising to say the least!Anyway upon arrival at the hotel we were greeted by a very nice guy behind the desk who had noted my request for Statue of Liberty views which we were given.The room itself was lovely,spotless and comfortable.We found the hotel to be spotless throughout and very welcoming.The concierge guy was a bit of a misery but the rest of the staff were very pleasant.Found the 2 restaurants to be a bit pricey,$5 for a small glass of orange juice at breakfast so we used Starbucks after that.The only complaint would be the elevators.On our last day we waited 20 mins for them and it seemed only one of the three were working.When we did finally squeeze into one with our luggage it stopped at every single floor from the 31st down.All in all it took almost 30 mins to get down.We would go back to the Marriott and i would recommend it if you don't mind paying a little more.

Can't wait to return Fabulous hotel. After staying at this hotel I can't imagine staying anywhere else in SF. Rooms luxurious and despite the size of the hotel you would think you were alone.No noise from other hotel users. Enjoy.

Great price and location We spent 3 days in July at the Columbus Motor Inn and found it clean and quiet. Staff very helpful and the location cannot be beat. We asked for a quiet room. It came without a view but it was blissfully quiet! Would definitely stay there again.

Days Inn a great bargain We spent two days in August at this motel and had a very positive experience. $5 daily parking was good. Room was clean and bed extremely comfortable...a king with 4 fluffy pillows. Service good. Coffee in room.

Loved it! I stayed in Vitale per one week and I've to say I loved every minute of it. The room isn't very large but it's very comfortable, especially the bed sheets.The only thing I have to object about the room, is the lack of 2 chairs in which 2 people can sit to have breakfast (I ordered room service) together.The room was not at all noisy, I think we might have gotten the partial bay view rooms.When we arrived the room wasn't ready yet and they told us that you would be ready at 3 o'clock. We came in at 3.30 pm but the room was still not ready. However they offered us a drink at the bar until the room was ready (took about half an hour).I especially apreciated the hotel internet service: it has 4 computers with free internet access and a printer, so if you dont't have your laptop with you, you're still able to access internet.The location was great for me has it was close to the financial center and near the BART/muni station. ~However if you plan to shop and you're looking for a more lively area at night you should stay near Union Square (lots of hotels there).

Nice resting spot We have stayed at the Hilton at Boston Logan Airport every year during our annual trip to the Carribean. The skywalk is a great alternative to the hotel shuttle however the shuttle does run every 10-15 minutes. Check in was easy and pleasant. We ordered room service which was VERY good, it arrived on time and hot. We had a very early flight out the next morning and the ZIP CHECKOUT made our departure all the easier. One call to an automated line and we were on our way. I was a tad concerned when we returned as our flight was delayed and we didnt get in until 1:00 a.m. I had not requested a late check and was concerned that perhaps they didn't hold our room. No need to worry, they did. Even at 1:00 a.m. they had plenty of front desk staff to attend to us as well as other travelers. Room service was even available at that hour and again the food arrived on time and hot. The Hilton is a nice resting spot in between flights and we will stay there again in the future.

Nice, but cannot quite understand the hype We just returned from a four-night stay at the Artus. The main reason we booked the hotel was because of all of the rave reviews it received from other Trip Advisor users. Frankly, we do not understand what all the hype is about. The superior double room was clean, with a good size bed. However, the room was in need of paint and sprucing up. The service we received was nothing special and actually, the day staff was not that helpful. The breakfast was adequate, nothing more. It did not vary at all from day to day. Most importantly, there is something lacking in atmosphere. In fact, the hotel, although colorful and artsy, is still kind of cold. The location is the best part of the hotel!

Satisfactory Took a vacation to San Francisco July 19 - 22. Adante Hotel was where we stayed. It was a pretty small room but we were only there to sleep and take showers. For the budget, it was ok. The front desk clerks Mark Tony were very helpful. The free continental breakfast was not so good, could be better. Had a problem with our sink but reported it to the maid and when we got back it was fixed. I had nightmares about the noise but we were put in the back on the second floor and it was very quiet. We even had our window open. I would stay again here when I go back to San Francisco. Very convenient to everything.Vangie F.,Georgia

Miramar -- Great Location, Service , Quality, and Price Standard room at the Miramar

Casablance saves the trip! (Beware when you book on line!) I had booked this hotel via the Trip Advisor web site and received a confirmation from Travelocity telling me that I had got the deluxe room I had asked for. A special occasion, I was taking my husband via the Queen Mary 2 to NY for our wedding anniversary break. The transatlantic sail was perfect, the ship, sublime, the suite, perfect and we arrived at the hotel in a limo along with a great deal of luggage! Confirmation in hand, we trooped to reception...only to find that they had no record of our booking! Yes, the bookers had told us we had a room, but neglected to tell the hotel, who were now full...leaving us stranded ( this happens a lot, we were told...so always check you have a booking...a confirmation with this company means very little!) We were stuck! No hotel! A great deal of luggage and no room at the busiest time for Christmas shopping in NY...it looked like the fantastic climax to our trip was ruined. However, the boys at the Casablanca were fantastic! Nick and the chaps immediately juggled bookings, made calls, put themsleves out and after a short wait, found us a room in their hotel (and had promised to find one elsewhere if they could not help us as they were very full!) It wasn't the deluxe room I wanted, they apologised the room would be small and not their best but I was so grateful for the fantastic service, we said yes! The room was great! If that is the worst, I look forward to staying in the deluxe when we next stay in NY! It was comfortable, well decorated and available straight away (11am!) On top of that, Nick took copies of all my paper work and has been great about chasing up the problem with me...really taking joint ownership when he really had no need. The hotel deserves all the praise you read in the reviews...coffee, juices and buns and biscuits available all day and a great cheese and wine evening (except Sundays). Breakfast is good too and though the hotel is just off Time Sq, we had an undisturbed trip and we were ideally located for shopping, theatre and everything else NY. Booking restaurants, taxis etc was no problem for the hotel and they really went out of their way to make sure we were happy and comfortable after our unfortunate start...they actually seemed to care about a problem that really wasn't theirs. I have stayed in many hotels in NY and I have to say that this is the best. An originally decorated, truly friendly, incredibly helpful establishment...I can't praise it enough for everything they did for us. On top of that...its half the price of the places we usually stay where you are pretty much invisable after check in.Thank you Nick and the guys and please, members, if you book on line, even through a great site like Trip Advisor and you get a confirmation...please please call and check! I shall not be using Travelocity again...they really didn't care and made no effort to apologise or even respond to my problem.

We had a good time. The hotel was beautiful, and the wedding we saw out of our windows were extremely romantic ( just in case anyone is looking for a hotel for their ceremony .) The beach and the four pools was really great, and the service was excellent. Large clean rooms with a very large, luxurious bathroom. I loved the little bus that takes you around the territory so you do not feel too bad if you get a room further from the large, main pool and the beach. The other four pools were also great and reachable from every room on the territory. Overall, highly recommended.

A very enjoyable experience I normally save my reviews for small independent hotels and guest houses but I felt compelled to write a review of our stay at the Swissotel in response to some of the negative reviews I have read about the place.Our stay wasn't perfect but the problems we encountered were put right without us having to complain. We arrived half an hour before our check-in time and were advised that our room wouldn't be ready for an hour. Obviously, this was a little annoying especially when they didn't call us after an hour and when we called them we were told the room still wasn't ready. When we did eventually check-in about an hour and a half after the advised check-in time we were automatically given an upgrade to a Junior Suite. I agree that not having the room ready does not give a good first impression but the quality of the upgrade was more than sufficient compensation.I thought the room was fantastic with views on 3 sides. It was incredibly spacious, clean and well-equipped. Two toilets and two huge flat-screen TVs. I don't know what more anyone could ask for. Contrary to what others have said there were plenty of towels throughout our stay and plenty of reading material about Sydney in the room. I don't know these elements differ between the types of room. We also had a problem where one of the porters dropped a wine bag containing two bottles of wine which we had bought in The Hunter Valley for a friend's wedding. They were very apologetic and were successful in replacing the wine with the same and better wine from the same vineyard.I do think there is a lack of consistency in the service provided by staff though. It is unfair to say all of the staff were unhelpful as some were helpful beyond the call of duty. This was particularly true of one of the Concierges who could not have been more helpful in assisting us with getting our hire car back to Avis. I wish I could remember his name.We did have a further problem with booking a taxi with another Concierge. We booked it for the Friday evening at 1800 and when we went to get it a different Concierge told us that taxis never turn up on a Friday during rush hour so there was no point booking So again, this suggests a lack of consistency amongst the staff.Despite our problems, I would still recommend this hotel for the central location and the standard of the rooms.

Great hotel in a FANTASTIC location!! We chose the Chesterfield Mayfair for our first trip to London based on trip advisor reviews. We liked the location because the hotel is less than a 5 minute walk to the Green Street tube stop. There too much around the hotel but if you walk a few blocks run into tons of things. We walked very easily to Piccadilly Circus everyday. So the location was fabulous. We had access but none of the fuss! Our room was very nice as well. It was very, very clean. Housekeeping does a great job. I liked the bathrooms too. Both were just the right size for my husband and I. The staff were very nice as well. They fall over themselves trying to help you. It rained out while we were there and they were always ready with an umbrella or a taxi. We eat in the restaurant; it seemed expensive. We had a few drinks and a dessert in the bar and it converted to almost $50 US. There are two pubs a block away that were fantastic Lion and the Punch Bowl. The hotel was lovely; return, if only for the location. One plus left (by accident) some money out on the dresser. It was there when we returned. highly recommend this hotel!

There are better places to stay in Singapore Although not terrible, there are a lot better hotels for the same price to stay in in Singapore. The hotel room was very dated and not as clean as it could have been. There was a patch of damp in the bathroom too - in it's time this was probably a nice hotel, it's just a shame it's time was about 30 years ago!!The location too could pose a problem for some people. It is a 15 minute hilly walk to the main Orchard Road area and the nearest MRT station. Although this may not seem far, in the heat and humidity of Singapore it is a very hot and sweaty experience.I have stayed in Singapore 3 times now and this was by far the worst hotel I have stayed in. The Orchard Parade hotel and the Phoenix (no swimming pool) were a much better class of hotel and far better located. There are some alterations going on at the Elizabeth at the moment - maybe it will be better then, but for now I would choose somewhere else.

Beautiful place, beautiful people If you want a relaxing holiday in beautiful surroundings then this is the place for you.The staff and people are so friendly here you can't help being put at ease and relaxing. The hotel is right on the beach front in a beautiful location and also has a lovely swimming pool area. There are plenty of sunloungers owned by the hotel both on the beach and at the pool -they even put quilted mats on the loungers to make them more comfortable.There is some entertainment on at the hotel if you want to be involved including pool volleyball, cookery demonstrations and local acts on each night in the lounge bar. The hotel also put on special gala evenings too at an extra cost.The hotel is beautifully kept and the plentiful staff are always cleaning the hotel and pruning the gardens.Every member of staff you pass is so pleasant and polite be it a cleaner, gardener or entertainment staff and will always enchange greetings with you. The hotel is actually situtuated in Tanjung Benoa and not Nusa Dua as most literature suggests. This resort is much smaller and does not have much bar life although there are plenty of restaurants outside the hotel and the hotel bar provides nightly enterainment. It is much cheaper to eat outside the hotel and safe to do so. The hotel food is very nice but you will only have to pay about a third of the price to eat outside the hotel. Similarly it is much cheaper to buy souvenirs outside the hotel, be prepared to barter as on average you will only have to pay two thirds of the original price suggested. This is a wonderful hotel and the people there truly deserve your custom - I would definatley go here again.

Noisy old hotel My cousine and I spent the nights of December 20 and 21 at the Lodge. We came from Boston for the funeral of my brother. Upon arrival, we were very tired and worn out based on the circumstances. On checking in, we specifically asked at the desk for a quiet room and were assured that would be the case. We were given rooms in between (as it turned out) a noisy family with children. We were disturbed on both nights with crying, the the adjoining door, and loud talking and television. We tried to be patient, but my cousin finally knocked on their door and asked them to control their children and quiet down. It helped some.In addition, I ordered a side order of toast from Room Service both mornings. The first morning the toast came, barely toasted, on a plate covered by a paper napkin, with no jelly, no knife and no napkins. I called back to ask for these basic items. On Friday morning, the toast came with jelly but no knife and no napkins. Ob check-out, we complained and were given a $25 discount. I followed up with the manager and was offered a free night on our next stay. Since we will never again be in Studio City, I found that unacceptable and asked for a credit. After many follow-up emails and a very long delay, the manager offered another $25 discount, gain, not acceptable. Hence I have decided to post a review.Aside from our specific complaints, Lodge is an old and tired motel looks it and acts it, shabby around the edges, etc. It is one to be avoided.

Best Place in the World! This August will be my 5th time staying at the Royal Hawaiian Hotel. This is my favorite place to stay in Hawaii because it is so beautiful and unique from all the other hotels. All of the rooms are gorgeous- even coming from someone who had a non-ocean view room half of the time! The hotel is just the right size- they have some cute boutiques, beauty services, and amazing restaurants. They offer shuttles to many of the nearby attractions and their service is always so efficient. I love the Royal Hawaiian and would never stay anywhere else on my vacations in Oahu!

Loved the new hotel I travel to phoenix a couple of times a year to visit my ailing Mom. The last time we came, the hotel was completely under construction and we left before even staying there. We returned this year and were pleasantly surprised to find how well the hotel turned out. They completely redid everything. There was even new furniture out by the pool (which my kids enjoyed since it was much to cold to swim where we are from). The new expanded fitness center with all new equipment was a plus for my husband, and I was happy just to have a quite breakfast in my room. Food was wonderful and the staff was very accommodating. We didn't have to worry about a thing the whole time we were there. You must give this hotel a chance...you will be thoroughly satisfied.

Good hotel, but not really a Seattle experience We live in the Seattle area and booked this hotel because of the wind damage and we were without power for more than a week. We stayed here for 3 of those nights in two different rooms. I guess I was surprised that this hotel was rated so high as most locals have not even heard of it. We only knew about it because our son does not live far from here.The hotel was totally booked during this time period because so many people were without power. The front desk people were overwhelmed because of all the calls, etc. but they handled it very well. The rooms are good size, the bathrooms are very nice. It is done rather modern style - but not cold. The restaurant downstairs does mainly appetizer type food, but the soups/salads, etc. are very tasty. They have wine tasting in the evening, but it is not like the Kimpton Hotels - you get a voucher which allows you to have a small tasting of a red and a white wine. Would I stay here again? Yes, if my power went out. But if I were a tourist coming here to Seattle for the first time? No. This hotel is a distance from downtown Seattle - 10 minutes by car when traffic is good. Is there anything else in the neighborhood? No. If you have a child or relative that is going to the University of Washington and you are here to see them and be involved in their activities - this is the perfect place for you. If you are here to experience what the vibe of Seattle is - pay an extra $50 if you can and stay downtown Seattle. It is so different. The restaurants within walking distance of downtown hotels are incredible. There are excellent restaurants in this same area as the Watertown (Tilth) but it is a cab ride. Also, as one of the previous reviewers stated - if this hotel is full - it is noisy. We were about 5 doors from the elevator, but I could hear it bling everytime the elevator hit our floor. Also, the people above us must have had children that were busy - they hit the floor at 6AM and it sounded like floor hockey above us for the next 2 hours until they took them for breakfast. If you aren't on one of the top floors looking south - you look at a busy street.This area is an interesting area of Seattle. We love it and have bought a condo in this area where we plan to eventually move. However, it is an area of transition - it is not a typical area of Seattle. There is not much to do or see here - you are dependent on transportation to see the tourist sights. That is why I would recommend this hotel as a hotel, but this is not what I would like you to think all of Seattle represents.

Excellent except for one thing.... We stayed here for 2 nights September 7 and 8th. We had a lovely room. The staff is very accomodating and friendly. The food in the restaurant was very good and room service was great (although they only brought one butter for 2 orders). We have 2 complaints - the sink area in the bathroom is minimal. There is not enough room for one person, let alone 2 people to put out their toiletries, so everything has to be either kept under the counter or in your overnight bag. The other complaint is that the bed was really uncomfortable. My husband and I both had horrible backaches when we got up the first morning. I said something to the staff and they were most apologetic. They didn't replace the mattress, I think they just flipped it. It was somewhat better the second night, but it still was not great. I would still stay there again because I loved the room, the staff and the location. I would just hope for a better bed!

As a local, I have a totally different perception I have been reading all the reviews of the hotels that have been ranked above the Mayflower, and I find it very interesting. I live within 10 miles of the Mayflower, but every year our dinner club books a night here during the Christmas holidays so that we can eat downtown, experience the city, and not have to drive after we have had many cocktails. This year was no exception. The hotels that were mentioned with a higher rating than the Mayflower are great hotels. However, the Mayflower is far and above the others. This hotel has a much better central location, the rooms are large and very well appointed, the staff is great and courteous AND for the location and room - the price can't be beat. The hotels in the University District and on Lake Union are great - BUT they are a cab ride away from downtown Seattle. The Mayflower is right in the middle of Seattle - within walking distance of the waterfront, Pike Place Market, Nordstrom, Macy's - all the best restaurants. Plus, it is so reasonable. If this is where the locals choose to stay - we can't be that wrong. We love this hotel. The staff is wonderful and the Anduluca Restaurant is superb. Oliver's Martini Bar gets crowded - so arrive early! You will truly experience what Seattle is at this hotel.

Excellent location, rooms and staff.. My husband and I stayed here May 6, 2004 for two nights. The hotel is very centrally located and the staff was very friendly and helpful. We had a wonderful large room (#226) and I asked to see some of the other rooms. All the rooms are different and all uniquely decorated. Most of the rooms are quite large. It is a perfect hotel for people traveling with children because several of the rooms are so large that they can easily accomodate 2 adults and 2 children, or even 4 adults. There would even be room for a roll away. For European rooms, they are very large. Even the standard rooms are of OK size. As for the breakfast, it wasn't the best I have ever had, but it certainly was adequate. I would stay here again in a heartbeat!

Great Vacation! A cool thing about our buffet was that there was always food sculpture, like this or carved melo

IBERO STAR BAVARO - GORGEOUS!! This was a surprise bday gift from Hubby...Although we only stayed for 5 days 4 nights, I must say this was a fantastic getaway from (baby furbaby)! :)From the minute we landed to the day we left, everything was simply perfect and smooth!The entire grounds were breathtakingly beautiful, the staff was extremely friendly, the entertainment was uplifting, the food was plentiful delish and most importantly, the weather was perfect!Hubby and I spent most of our days working on our tans and relaxing by the beach..Okay, also the bar (which was a swim-up).It was nice to see that it was very family friendly-but certainly not like Disneyland...The kids were well behaved and there was plenty of space to keep to themselves. It was our first time at an all inclusive vaca and I dont know if I'll ever do otherwise! :) This is definately one we'll be coming back to!!

very far from the centre barcelona itself is absolutely fabulous. Me and my friend both 24 have just come back we had a great time with all the sights, shopping and sangria. but the biggest downfall was how far away the hotel is, we were always in taxis , of a day its fine to walk but as its on a back street we felt it unsafe to walk of a evening. would reccomend people to stay closer to the centre. x

Never stopped smilling!!! at the pool 4 swim up bar

DF dulce DF Great location! We also loved the modern clean design of the hotel and the professional, courteous and competent staff. The rooms were clean and large and I highly recommend the rooftop pool to cool down after a busy day in the city. My only complaints - the bed might be a little firm for some tastes, the hotel has a definite business traveler vibe and you might have to ask for more towels.

this is our hotel! when we come to ny to stay, we always stay at the palace. the best for value, service, room size, cleanliness, and luxury. the best deals are on the weekend with included parking and breakfast. it's location is central. the room views are great. we love the lobby, and the villiard room bar. we stayed here with and without our kids. staying in sept. can't wait!

Beautiful resort but... This resort has received many recent reviews so I don't want to repeat what has been already stated- Everything positive that is written about the hotel common areas, beach and service is totally accurate. As you walk around the resort, you truly feel like you are their most important guest in paradise. The staff goes above and beyond, remembering small details about your preferences. With that said, you should know:Getting there- We booked through Spirit Air Vacations and had no problems. Transfers to and from the hotel with VIP were friendly and on-time. Rooms- Pretty to look at but with hard beds and poor bedding. As stated in other reviews, the resort has constant problems with AC. Our first room on the 3rd floor was sweltering. We asked to move after one night and ended up on the ground floor. Much better! After speaking to other guests, it appears that the lower floors are generally cooler. Activities / entertainment - If you're an active person, there's a lot to do on the resort during the day. Most activities are arranged through the Scuba shop. Go early in the morning to arrange what you'd like to do. We tried windsurfing, sailing on a catamaran, and snorkeling, which are all free. If you want to take the banana boats, you negotiate a price directly with the operators. The resort also has water aerobics and games throughout the day. If you prefer to relax, there are plenty of chairs, and excellent wait service around the pool, under the palms, and on the beach. Evening entertainment was decent too. The casino was small, but fun, as was the club. Both don't get going until around midnight. We didn't attend any of the shows.Riu properties- As a guest of the Palace Macao, you'll have a wristband that allows you to enjoy the other 4 Riu properties, with the exception of the other Palace. We enjoyed visiting adjacent properties, two of which had swim-up bars. Those hotels appeared to have a more party atmosphere. Still, it was nice to return to the elegance of the Macao.Beach - Beautiful clear water and soft sand. Great for swimming. Reefs just offshore with a variety of marine life. While snorkeling was saw rays, barracuda, flounder, and numerous colorful reef fish. Bring a mug or tumbler with a lid so that you can keep your drinks cool and sand-free while at the beach. The waiters are happy to refill them for you. Food- Not for me. I hesitate to be too critical, since everyone else in my party was able to find at least a few things to enjoy each meal, but it just didn't suit my palate. Most items were in heavy sauces or dressings. I was surprised at the lack of fresh vegetables and fish choices. The a la carte restaurants, with the exception of the Japanese restaurant, were a disappointment. I thought that by going with the a la carte, the food would be cooked-to-order. However, most items appeared and tasted like they had been sitting for quite some time. The Japanese restaurant was pretty good. Drinks- Unlimited, including a regularly re-stocked minibar in your room. Pepsi products. Mixed drinks - most drinks are fruity and very sweet. Wine selection was not good. Presidente beer is tasty, but not stocked in your room.Liquor is generally bottom-shelf but you can get better brands if you request it. You must pay for drinks in the night club, but they're not expensive. Misc- We tipped throughout our stay, mainly because the service was so wonderful. Also, most of the staff speak very limited, if any English, so brush up on your Spanish. Even learning a few phrases with help you communicate and get to know your hosts better. One last thing-I strongly suggest you read the forums at this site to get more helpful tips. I don't think our vacation would have gone as well without the valuable info we got from the forums.

What an awesome place...... 4 of us (age range from 14 to 50) went to this hotel with much concern after reading all the reviews. i spent about a month researching this area hotel, and considered changing the trip after reading all the negative comments. i am a pretty seasoned traveler and realized that i was going to a 3rd world, very poor country, and took that all into consideration. we americans need to realize that not everyone lives the luxury lives that we have here in the USA. (as is also the case in many other countries). i think our children also need to realize how other parts of the world live and appreciate all the things they take for granted, as well as learn of other cultures. all this aside, i want to say that i cannot believe all the negative i have read on this hotel in particular. when we arrived, we were met by our travel agency guide (noel from turinter company)... he spent well over an hour telling us of things to do, got us a welcome drink, spoke to and arranged our check-in with the front desk personnel--he was beyond wonderful to us and made us feel so welcome . he also even placed calls to the USA for my daughter, as we speak no spanish. we were then taken to our rooms, and when my daughter friend went to their room, they walked in on a couple already assigned to that room. fortunately, they were getting ready to go to dinner, so no harm done ! we went to the desk and they immediately assigned them to another room down the hall.... OK, it was an inconvenience, but the people were super about it even talked to us every day after that, and the desk profusely apologized. mistakes happen, and yes, we could have let it ruin our trip, but we chose to overlook it, go on and enjoy our trip. from that point on, i could only walk around in total amazement at the well kept grounds, the warmth we felt from all the staff, the food and food displays, the ammenities, the beach pool areas, etc. i am a very picky eater, and can honestly say that we always found more than enough that was satisfactory to us. granted, there were things on the buffet that were not our choice, but we were not the only people there ! we did not drink the tap water, and had no problem with getting sick. we tried several times to make reservations to go to the specialty restaurants, but it never happened, so no big deal, we will do that another time !! i am not sure where these people writing bad reviews stayed, but i cannot believe that it is the same place we were at. we have a place in cancun that we love usually vacation at, but opted not to this year. we thought we would never find a place that we would love more, but i think we have found that place in DR. please consider that everyone's expectations are different, and if you expecte a 5*, americanized hotel, all american food, do yourself the DR a favor stay home ! our maids were super... we left gifts and tips for them every day, and always had a clean room, towels, extra water, and they were so appreciative of what we left them (nail polish, bracelets, cosmetics, a couple dollars, a small purse, perfume chocolate candy.) i left a couple things each day. .... (we took school supplies for the schools, but school was out, so we passed the stuff on to the staff that had children, as well as some of the people at the market next to the resort). the last morning we were there, our maid came to our door with 2 coconuts drilled at the top with a straw, so you could drink the coconut milk and flowers coming out of the top, with a note written on the side thanking us for everything... it was very sweet !! i hope you think about what you expect, then go and enjoy yourself. we could not have asked for a better trip and experience, and will definitely go back . the only thing i personally think this hotel could do better with is their choice of drinks....... i do not drink beer, and after the first day, the pina coladas and banana mamas got to be too much sweet for me. i would have been in heaven if i could have had a kaluha and cream, but Oh well, i didn't, so no big deal. it would also be nice if there was bottled water available in other places besides just your room, but again, you can't have every thing, and i would still go back in a heart beat !!

Wonderful rooms and beds at the Donatello We have just completed a one week stay at the Donatello, and loved it. The rooms are large and clean, and the beds (king size) are superbly comfortable! The colour scheme is royal blue and orange - it sounds weird, but it really works. The bathrooms are good, and there is good storage space in the bathroom and the room in general. Rooms have a microwave, fridge, coffee maker, dishes and cutlery - tea, coffee and sugar are supplied.The staff, especially Jesus, couldn't have been more helpful and friendly.The only problem we had was noise from the nightclub on Mason St, but Jesus moved us to another room, and then all was well. Don't stay in a room overlooking Mason!The restaurant is wonderful, but not cheap.

Relaxing and gracious Our favortie spot

great small hotel in waikiki The pool for the Equus

All-Inclusive LAST Resort The beach was beautiful! The swim up bar was a lot of fun. But the service was lacking and the rooms were sub-standard. I heard that the experiences in the Royal Service side was much better. A lot of the staff treat you in a condescending manner, and it's far worse if you don't speak spanish. It was a hot time of year (June 27-July 1) so the only place that felt truly delicious was our AC'd room (some of the people in our party were having AC problems). Some of the restaurants were too warm to drink wine. And that's even if you had a reservation they actually honored. Most of the time we were arguing with someone about our reservations we set. We had made them before we got to the resort, confirmed them the night before while at the resort, and they still managed to keep us from enjoying dinner where we wanted and when. The buffets were only good if you got there as soon as the food was put out. The mixed drinks were nasty and the wine was pretty bad too. The bars were outdoors and not comfortable at all, unless your idea of comfort is sitting in sweltering heat with no moving air around you. The bartenders seemed to see you better if you had cash in hand. There are not enough huts on the beach to seek refuge from the sun, and believe me you'll need it. After 2 hours, my brain felt like it was frying. There were a lot of activities, amenities, restaurants and just things going on that we never knew about, but heard about on the trolley-train circuit that a resort of that size should at the very least have a print out of what's going on where delivered to their patrons rooms daily. We did receive housekeeping, but every day it was a different time, sometimes not until after 5pm. The casino was just about the only place to go at night, but if you don't gamble, you're basically just drinking bad alcohol. All the food at this resort tastes the same - soggy and tasteless. But i heard the Japanese was good, but by the time we were given reservations, i got sick from the food and it was our last night, so i did not get a chance to really enjoy. They tell you that there is food at night (9pm) buffet style, if the A la Carte restaurants do not have enough room, but if there are private functions going on, you are not permitted to enter, leaving you no choice but to buy potato chips or cookies at the gift shop. There was a couple of times we were at the buffet places ( which is the only place to go for breakfast and lunch) and the place was packed with more employees eating than resort guests, leaving the place cramped for space. There were 60 people in our party, and not one of our groups were given the dinner reservation that was asked for. The resort staff lied to us numerous times about confirming dinner reservations and changing them without our knowledge to suit other guests at the resort. We found out later that Royal Service guests were given our reservations. The room smelled really bad too. Like moldy, damp dirty. The paint on the walls literally comes off with your fingernail, it's so damp. The shower head didn't work. They left flowers in the room that were dead by the time we ever got the chance to see them (they shut off the AC after they clean your room). No room service, only the Royal Service side got that. The only good thing about our room was that it was close to the beach pool. The ATM machine only dispenses pesos at the resort (although dollars are accepted everywhere). Everything at the gift shop is at least double what you would normally pay in the states. The funny thing about Pina Colada's and other Fruity mixed drinks they advertise, not only do they make them different each time, different colors textures, but we later caught on that if you do not specify whether you want alcohol or not, they will give it to you without alcohol. And if you are prone to being bitten by mosquitoes, you will be bitten. I came home with 30 bites. I planned on writing far more about Melia Caribe Tropical, but realized that we got what we paid for and it wasn't about food, service or anything like that for us - it was about bonding with the people we were traveling with. As the saying goes - it's not where you are but who you're with that counts. But I do not plan on returning to the Dominican Republic, much less this all-inclusive last resort.

Fabulous Location!!!!! Another exceptional hotel! The location was fabulous! Surrounded by good restaurants and shopping. Walking distance to almost every major tourist attraction. Our room was very large, spotless and had a nice balcony.

Location and price were the drawing points for our stay... Location and price were the drawing points for our stay at the York. The hotel matched the Orbitz price that we found online. The hotel was very clean. The breakfast was adequate (muffins, toast, bananas, apples, juice, coffee and tea). The walls are thin as stated in an ealier review, That could be a problem. One night we slept with the radio tuned in to classical music station. We asked for extra pillows right away as they were quite thin.My daughter (in her 30's) and I stayed there for a girls' trip to San Francisco for five nights. We were only at the hotel to sleep and did not expect it to be a five star hotel. So it worked out just fine. It was an easy walk to Powell Street ,which is on the main cable line. On arriving from the airport we took the BART in to Union Square (rather than a cab), the Powell station, for $5.15 a piece. That was a bargain! Now, we did have to walk and drag our luggage quite a few blocks up Powell Street and across Sutter Street. But we knew we would have other things to spend our money on. The hotel is only blocks from Dottie's True Blue Cafe, an easy walk for a wonderful treat for breakfast. Our wait was only 30 minutes. Not bad! A Walgreen's is at the corner of Powell and Sutter. That was a convenient location!One night we enjoyed a Cosmo in the adjoining Plush Room before retiring to our room.All in all, staying at the York Hotel added to our fun vacation to San Francisco!

Loved it! The rooms and the hotel has character! Firstly, the hotel advertises the rooms are small, so no surprises there. On arrival the staff are friendly and will answer any questions you have. Although small, the rooms pack a fair amount of punch - they have everything you need! They offer free water and coke a cola, as well as tea and coffee. The beds are extreemly comfortable and the furnishings are wonderful. I rate this hotel and its staff highly - I will be returning!

Fabulous Hotel The Intercontinental Hotel in Boston is a brand new hotel that is exactly what you would expect in an Intercontinental Hotel. It was fabulous! It is conveniently located near the waterfront and Fanueil Hall, as well as other Boston landmarks. The lobby is impressive and the RumBa Bar is a happening spot in the evening! We had both breakfast and lunch at their restaurant Miel and it was very good both times. We also had room service which was prompt and the staff was friendly and helpful.The fitness center was a delight with new equipment and you could do both cardio and strength training with everything you need for a decent on the road workout.The bed was comfortable and the pillows were so-so. We had a typical city view with a partial view of the harbor. The bathroom was exceptional with an awesome shower and separate tub. Overall, we were very happy at the Intercontinental and would highly recommend it to travelers.

Perfect for Family! The hotel was exactly what we expected after viewing the photos and information on TripAdvisor. My husband and I stayed with our two teenagers in the 3-BR/2.5 BA Royal Suite and we were all very comfortable. The Master BR was spacious and the bathrooms were wonderful. The oversized balcony with a canopy was also a nice plus. We appreciated having a washer dryer as we were in the middle of a 2-week vacation in Europe. The location was very convenient to the Metro and the neighborhood seemed very safe. We would definitely recommend this hotel and would definitely stay there again.

Pretty Good If you're in Amsterdam for a couple of days and want a GREAT location and don't mind a small room, this is the place. It is two blocks from the Rjiksmuseum and Van Gogh museum. I walked all over the city from the hotel. The staff are very helpful, particularly Martina.The breakfast is so so. Also the hotel is located near the PC shops. If you go there, go to the PC Cafe. I'm still thinking about the sandwich I had.The rooms are SMALL!! But the bed was comfortable and it kept me out of my room since I was there to see the city anyway not lay in the lap of luxury. The free internet is also a nice feature.

So So The hotel is located right above the Temple Metro, which is good but bad. If you're a light sleeper, don't stay here. The walls are paper thin and you can hear the train every two minutes beneath the hotel! The staff were nice but the hotel is a bit dark and dank for my taste. I should have stay in the Latin Quarter, wasn't crazy about Marais.

Fantastic stay in every way My daughter and I stayed here for 2 nights; it is fantastic. It is family operated and they treat their guests like family. The room was clean and recently renovated, but most importantly, it was quiet although it is situated only minutes from the Duomo and David. Breakfast is fine, nothing fancy. Wonderful location for sightseeing and the bus/train terminal. They gave discount for payment in cash. I would definitely stay here again.

Truly wonderful We cut our stay in Rome short, due to the heat and called The Savoy on a whim to arrive the next day. I booked a room for my boyfriend and I, and we were delighted to find that they had upgraded us to a suite with two balconies and the most amazing view! Needless to say, the service was perfect the entire time. From the front desk, to the doorman and incredibly helpful concierge the service was impeccable. Everyone was genuinely friendly, kind and efficient.The hotel itself feels new, upscale, and somewhat contemporary. Although the rooms are small, they are tastefully furnished and the bathroom was marble, tile and gorgeous. Our view and location was the most perfect we could have dreamed of. We will definitely be back and wouldn't imagine being in Florence in any other hotel.As an extra aside, one day the concierge reserved a Mercedez with driver and guide. His name was Fabrizio and he took us to the Chianti region, where we had lunch and wine tasting at a vineyard in the hills. Yes, it was as perfect as it sounds.Thank you to the manager, Simone, and to the staff. The Savoy was our favorite hotel during our trip to Italy and France. And this review comes from a traveler who wouldn't stay at any less than a five star.

Good hotel in nice location We have just returned from NY, had a confortable stay at Desmond Tutu Center. As other travellers have mentioned, the hotel offers good value for money at current prices, and it is conveniently placed for public transport, only two stops away on the underground from Times Square. The area is very nice and safe, and it's a 10 minutes walk to the underground. The rooms vary in size, we had a very small one, while our friends had a much bigger room for the same rate. Ours resembled a big cupboard, with only enough space to squeeze in past the bed and no lights on ceiling, only two or three desk lamps, which made it difficult to read in the evening. The bed is confortable, nice linens, and nice touches in room, with tea/coffee machine available, water, toiletries in bath etc. I phoned the hotel direct to book and got a decent rate, but then I noticed a much cheaper rate on the hotel website. I contacted the hotel by email and got the lower rate confirmed. There were also a few problems at check in, we asked for a room away from the street (10th Avenue can be quite busy and the hotel is next to the road), at which point the receptionist asked me if I wanted to cancel the reservation and go and find a better hotel! (very rude, she was a supervisor, as well!) After some convincing, she agreed to transfer us to another room, but then she made us wait for another hour before she dealt with the forms. After travelling for 12 hours, this wasn't the welcome we expected, but then the other staff were all nice and we had a good stay. Breakfast offers a good choice, but no cooked food, probably due to building regulations, it includes smoked salmon, boiled eggs, bagels, pastries, a selection of fruit and fruit juices, teas, coffees etc. There is a nice choice of restaurants in the area, we found two nice ones, Don Giovanni down the street from the hotel (5 mins on 10th avenue) makes fantastic pizza and offers a selection of other dishes, and the Greek restaurant on corner of 9th avenue with 23rd street, with a more modest decor, but an excellent selection of nicely cooked meals at very decent prices.

Excellent Hotel view from bedroom

Fantastic Holiday Bedroom

Best holiday yet Just come back from 2 fabulous weeks at Dreams hotel. Couldnt fault it at all, even with the hurricane going on the 2nd week we had great time.The entertainment team during the day were excellent,made everybody enjoy the games and made them forget the rain.Hotel room was nice and clean, towels cleaned daily and mini bar topped up.On our arrival, it was a long bumpy journey but was fine, we were given a lovely cold drink and cold clothes to wipe ourselves with as we were all very hot, this was a lovely welcome.Food was excellent, we ate in the buffet for 10 of the nights and couldnt fault it at all, ate in the steak house and chinese too, both these were lovely as well.Entertainment in the evenings was fine, repeats itself the 2nd week but they do a good job considering what they have.All staff very pleasant. Would definately return, and hope its very soon.Go and enjoy it, Im sure you will.

Thanksgiving Week We stayed at the Hotel Residence Henri IV (Two adults and our teenager [14]). It was a very nice size. ..two rooms (small but still roomy by Paris standards)..a little kitchenette with a microwave and refridgerator. The only thing missing was a coffee pot (we bought a French Press and it solved the issue)...The room was kept very clean..and we mostly had breakfast brought to our room which was juice, coffee, and pastry or bread..it was plenty for us..we aren't big morning eaters.The area was quiet, and we really had nothing to complain about. The staff were helpful and the trains were nearby.

Majestic Colonial is # 1! Our Last Evening

Not as good as expected Grounds from the lobby to our room

Jewel in Barcelona's Crown The view from our room was amazing

Great hotel in great location Two short blocks from city center, this lovely hotel is perfectly located. Large room with double sinks in full bath made for comfort and convenience. Included breakfast buffet was ample and delicious. Would definitely stay here again!

Amazing!! We stayed here for ten days in June 07 and loved every minute of it. The hotel is beautiful and the staff are the friendliest of people. We organised a day trip to Ubud with the hotel and received a tour guide and vehicle for the day for a very good price. This hotel is so close to a lovely part of the beach and the pool is superb. The breakfast has variety for everybody and the rooms are spacious and very clean. we stayed in a deluxe chalet which was set among beautiful gardens not far from the pool. we honestly couldnt fault this hotel! it is just like paradise!!

Loved this experience Fantastic, the location, the building, the rooms,the service. Top rate all the way. Expensive but worth every Euro cent.

Perfect!!!!!! We stayed at the Renaissance Paris Vendome for 5 nights, from April 20th-April 25, 2007. We used our Marriott points and upgraded to a premier room for $60.00 per night extra.The hotel is in a perfect location. 2 blocks to the Louve, 1 block to the Tuileries. The room was pleasant, very clean and had windows that opened to the courtyard. The only drawback was that there is no bureau. We used the shelves, but they are a bit shallow.The bath is lovely, the shower small. I preferred to swim in the beautiful pool and shower in the locker room which is bigger and easier.We walked everywhere, prob 12 miles each day. Breakfast taken daily at Le Pian (sp?) up two blocks and around the corner. Ther are multiple cafes and restaurands in the Marche area...all wonderful. First dinner was at Cafe Flotte. Fabulous...concierges Davied, Julian and Olivier are top notch.Ah Paris, our first trip...most beautiful city we have ever seen. A special night at Cafe L'Homme with Paris friends...the Eiffle Tower is 1 block away..right in front of you and the light show begins on the hour at night. Eat on the open patio. I will never forget this fabulous sight, nor will we ever forget Paris....

City of Freedom and Fun We were on an independent European tour and spend the last 3 nights at the Amsterdam Marriott on points. We were given a very, very large room (509, I think), which kind of was on a corner. It was great!The hotel was crowded with tourists, many on bus trips, which crowds the front desk and concierge. No matter, we just up and went.Of course we walked everywhere. The location of the hotel is ideal, as already noted.The first morning we ate at the hotel. BIG mistake. 22 Euros per person for a buffett. Don't bother. Walk past the Vondelpark to the first street on your right. Walk down to one of the caffes and take your breakfast. Much more charming and much less $$! We are learning...never eat in the hotels! We had our last dinner in Amsterdam at the Italian Restaurant across from the hotel. It was lovely and we met a charming young couple...she was 7 months preggers wearing high heels..nevertheless, they hopped on their bikes and rode home! Bikes everywhere!!!!!!Anne Franke house is excellent and disturbing;most important.Take time to stroll the canals and feel the flovor of this lovely and most interesting city of freedom and fun!

Elegant and comfortable We stayed in this lovely hotel July 12 - 16. It suited our travel needs more than adequately. The location is super. Surrounded by wonderful restaurants, Grill 23 and Atlantic Fish to mention two. Our room on the 11th floor was a two double beds room. The room was more spacious than most other hotels where we paid a far higher rate. Beds were comfortable. One ding -- no choice of pillows, all very large. Bathroom while not huge was certainly adequate and well planned. Lots of very nice towels and a great shower.The staff was top notch. Check in took minutes. The concierge service was excellent. The City Bar was beautiful and very popular with a nice crowd of people.I highly recommend The Lenox to anyone wanting to be treated like somebody while they are in Boston. We would happily stay there again.

A real beauty I felt as though we were staying in a Medici villa. This is a gorgeous hotel. No cost was spared in the decorum of this fine hotel. The staff makes you feel like you are someone special as soon as you check in. It is far enough from the bedlam of the center of Florence that you are not bothered by any noise plus its close enough to the center that you can walk there in no time. Ultra modern facilities in a beautiful setting. We would definitely stay here again.

Great to stay with the Stars Location so close to Union Square was magic. The rooms are small, very functional with cutting edge decor, which we enjoyed. The down side was that they tended to be a bit noisey. Staff were helpful and the rooms very clean the beds were also very comfortable. We would stay here again for the location, and as we were tourists and did not want the facilites of a 5 star hotel (i.e. gyms and resturants) we were happy with the cost saving. The ability to be able to walk anywhere was such a bonus, we would be happy to stay here again. The high speed internet really worked in our room.

Very impressed with Country Inn Our church brought more than 100 volunteers to New Orleans in June, 2007 and took a large block of rooms at CIS, including their large meeting room. The staff and management were unfailingly friendly and helpful -- from the valets, to the front desk to the management. They even opened the breakfast room early to accomodate our schedule. Everything was very clean and seemed new. There is a bit of room for improvement in the timing of the room cleaning, which was sometimes rather late in the day. Yes, the pool is small, but our pre-teens enjoyed it none-the-less. We also appreciated the self-service washer and dryer ($1.25/load each) and free WiFi. The location felt safe and was convenient to the French Quarter and several good CBD restaurants (Mother's, Bon Ton, Cuvee all within a couple of blocks). Country Inn Suites far exceeded my expectations for a hotel at this price point.

Fantastic! we stayed for 2 weeks and had a fantastic time! everything is to a high standard. The food in all the restaurants is very very good and there is something for everyone to eat. The beach is beautiful and the sea is like a warm bath! you can do as much or as little as you fancy, the staff are fantastic, what more can I say but GO! My favorite hotel in the DR by far.

Great Time at Dreams POunta Cana My daughter and I stayed at Dreams Punta Cana from June 28 - July 4, 2008. Our accomodations were in the Preferred Club, building 6. The resort is beautiful and well maintained, but what makes this resort stand apart from the rest is the staff in the Preferred Club section, building 6. The Preferred Club staff is, by far, the best that I have encountered at any resort (and I travel frequently). Check in with Ricardo Narvo was quick and easy and we were in our room in minutes. The rooms are spacious, clean and well appointed, even the bed was comfortable. Daily; Vanessa Disla, Jorge Polanco, Yan Le Guillou, Magalis Rodriguez, George and Bertilio greeted us with bright smiles and a cheerful hola and provided us with any assistance that we needed. Although the entire staff is great, it is Vanessa Disla that stands out as the best! Vanessa consistently provided us with attentive service and went out of her way to assure that our vacation was special and memorable - which it was! Vanessa made sure we enjoyed every aspect of our vacation - and even had a plate of chocolates delivered to our room one night and on the last night had a plate of confections delivered to the room with Have a nice trip written in chocolate on the plate. Vanessa provided us with the best service that I have ever experienced at a resort. And - I must add that George and Bertilio are the best bar tenders in Punta Cana.In addition, because we are repeat guests of Dreams Resorts (first time at Punta Cana), we were treated to a special dinner at the El Patio restaurant, which was wonderful and made us feel extra special.If you go to this resort, the Preferred Club is the way to go! The Preferred Club has a private lobby which provides use of free internet service, DVDs available for use at no charge, pool/beach towels available without the towel card, continental breakfast and afternoon snacks and a private bar. There is also a private section of the beach for preferred club members that has fabulous beach beds along with great lounge chairs and thatched huts for shade. There is wait service on the beach. But the biggest reason to stay in the Preferred Club - is that you get the best staff on the island to assist you with your vacation needs and questions.The resort and grounds are well maintained and beautiful. The pool is fantastic and you will want to stay in for hours. The beach is nice, there are a lot of rocks in the water that you need to watch out for, but the sand is soft, breeze delightful and it is a quiet place to relax and unwind.The restauranbts and food are good. A la carte restaurants and no reservations required (there is also a buffet restaurant if you prefer). The spa and spa services are also very good - I would recommend the hot stone massage. The jacuzzi, hydro massage and showers are great in the spa's wellness center.Overall, the resort is a great place to go. You have the choice of either R R or lots of activities with the entertainment staff. There is always an activity going on, whether it is volly ball, aerobics, water polo, dance lessons, ping pong comnpetitions or crazy games such as water balloon fights. The Core Zone is great for all ages with pool tables, air hockey, fooz ball, archery and even mechanical bull riding.The only downfall is the air conditioning system - so if you do not like it hot - do not go in July - go during cooler months. The air conditioning in the rooms did not work well, but the ceiling fans allowed you to sleep in comfort.I would definitely recommend this resort - but stay in the Preferred Club section and let Vanessa, Jorge, Yan, Magalis, Ricardo, George and Bertilio spoil you! They will make you feel like royalty during your stay.

Great Location, some issues.... Booked two rooms at govt rate. Booked for 19-22 although we were arriving from Korea on the 20th to ensure a room at 0700 on the 20th.Arrived and I had no room. They then said I could get a room but I'd have to move at noon. I thought this was unacceptable since I had paid for a room beginning the night before. I asked for an upgraded room if I had to move. I was then magically given a room. I figured it would be bottom of the barrel and I was right. It was in the Diamond tower which I think it one of the oldest. It was bare bones, but decent.The location, ammentities, and shops were great! I used the Mandara Spa, pool, and gym. Pricey, but nice.Checkout was insane. There were so many ppl standing there and the system was down. Not effecient at all.Would probably try this place again, not too sure.

Location is Key! I read the reviews here first and they are very accurate! If you want an economy hotel in the heart of Old San Juan within walking distance of the historic sites, numerous restaurants, shops, etc....this is it! Not a great hotel for kids though....not much for them to do and the kids TV channel was not working well.The room is small, and rather comfy. The bathroom is tiny. The main areas were not air conditioned except for the lobby. The room had A/C but only off or on! No temperature adjustment so it was either COLD, or HOT. I was sick so this created a problem for my chest cold. It is a bare bones, basic room. No frills here but it is clean and the maids are excellent! You may need to ask for washcloths (we had to).We only used the rooftop restaurant for the continental breakfast which consisted of toast, apples, bananas, juices, coffee, milk, cold cereal and some pastries. The view from the roof is not as beautiful as the pics on the site. There is a lot of construction going on and decrepit rooftops nearby.The streets and sidewalks are narrow and cobbled so wear sneakers....sandals may get you a twisted ankle. The area is very easy to navigate and the hotel is a 5 minute walk from the bus station to go to the other cities. We went to Condado beach. It was beautiful, clean, warm.....best part of the vacation. We went to El Morro, San Cristobal (forts), and the gardens of Casa Blanca. It was beautiful! Take sunscreen and water on these walks (within walking distance of the hotel)! Restaurants are plenty and very good! You must go to El Jibarito on Calle del Sol. Very tasty, inexpensive and local. We also tried Barrachina on Fortaleza St (same as Milano). Pricier but great food and service! Fri and Sat nights have a flamenco show there. See the Le Lo Lai show if you are there when it takes place. Ask the front desk cause this show travels and it is well worth it! Parrot Club Restaurant is also near Milano but it was a little more commercial, still good though. Cafe Puerto Rico is around the corner from Milano and has tasty appetizers.The wait for a bus can be 20-40 minutes but the rides are only 75 cents versus a $10-12 cab ride.Great location/convenience but if you want more style and ammentities, you may want to go elsewhere.

Excellent choice, Great location The hotel is cozy and quaint. Our room was very nice, clean and well maintained. The breakfast was a nice variety and beautifully served. The location is amazing. Two blocks to the Duomo, a few blocks to the Uffizi and Pontevecchio. We walked everywhere, didn't need a taxi. Florence was very clean and wonderful, although quite expensive.Would highly recommend the Calzaiuoli and would stay there next visit. I am a travel agent and will include it in my list for my clients.

Great Hotel - Great Location After many nights researching hotels for this trip I decided on the Intercontinental Mark Hopkins. We were so glad we ended up at the Mark Hopkins. Great location, beautiful hotel in Nob Hill. ROOMBooked the Excutive Level King - Room 1422. This room had a grea view of the Golden Gate Bridge/Bay, Grace Cathedral and California Cable Line. Ask for this room.It is an older hotel like many in San Francisco but well-maintained and nicely decorated. We didn't find the room to be any smaller than a normal hotel we've stayed in during our travels.CLUB LEVEL A MUSTMake sure you book a Club Level room. Its well worth the extra cost in snack and drinks alone. Its a very nice lounge that serves 5 mini-meals throughout the day starting at 6:30-10:30 I believe. Great for grabbing breakfast, snack or tea in the afternoon, lite appetizers and drinks in the evening. Especially nice if traveling from east coast and haven't adjusted to time difference. I went down and read a few mornings so not to disturb others.Nancy at the Concierge Desk is very informative and can answer any questions you may have. She was my morning friend each day!TOP OF THE MARKThe views are great! Dress up and go on up for a drink and dance!If you book through the website or hotel directly, check back to see if rates drop. We booked and found a reduced rate a few days prior to leaving and hotel matched price. Also check if your company has corporate rates. I was able to get a great price and worth it to stay here.WARNING: PRINT RESERVATIONS WITH RATESMake sure you print out your reservation including rates. My only gripe is after calling and speaking directly to a reservationist my new rate was not reflected in the system. Had I not brought along my new confirmation I had been charged the higher price. Even after presenting email confirmation I was second guessed by Front Desk. Not at all how you want to start your trip after traveling several hours. Note to Front Desk staff you are the first impression to your guest. Only gripe about entire tripI highly recommend getting the City Pass (Citypass.com) with the California and Powell Cable Cars running literally in front of the hotel it makes getting to any place in city a breeze. It includes unlimited cable cars ($5 one-way) and muni buses for $57 for a 7-day pass and includes admissions to attractions and museums. If you got time also check out Mr. Toads Tours. Sounds corny and 100% touristy but who cares it was well worth the money!Tadish's on California Street worth the wait.If your there over a weekend a must is the Farmer's Market at the end of California Street - Take the Cable Car down the hill quick walk to water.

Hands down, it was our best and favorite vacation!! Neither my husband, nor I, had anything to worry about, and neither should you! I am truly saddened by those who felt they had such poor customer service, because we felt quite pampered... :-)Our stay was July 19 - 26, and was it ever HOT! Never a cloud in the sky the entire week. We love hot, so we didn't mind, but were glad we brought plenty of sunscreen, we almost used up 3 bottles between the two of us... I must say that we had the most amazing vacation at the Majestic, and will ABSOLUTELY be back next year! We are already planning a two week stay with extended family. Our room was perfect, if you can get 2250, you will love it. Great view of the pool, and the ocean as well, can't go wrong with that! We could never hear anything outside of the patio doors once they were closed. And we were right across the beach restaurant, so that says a lot. The room was immaculate, the maids did an excellent job. The mini fridge was always well stocked. We left a note asking for more water on the first day, and every single day after that we must have had 6 bottles waiting for us, plus pop! The pool is like none other I have ever seen. It's the full length of the resort, and was NEVER crowded. You could probably put everyone who stayed at the resort in the pool and you wouldn't touch each other. So that really eased up the beach as well. The beach was never crowded either. We walked up and down the beach quite a bit and found that the other resorts' beachfronts were much more jammed with people. My husband and I really couldn't care less where we were, beach, pool, whatever, everywhere you looked was an amazing view. Which takes me to the grounds. The staff works VERY hard at keeping the grounds well manicured. My husband ran each morning around the perimeter of the resort, usually around 6:30/7:00, and would see all the workers dropped off ready to start the day. There was one morning they were spraying the bushes for bugs/mosquitos, we never had a mosquito bite the entire trip. At that time of the morning, they are cleaning, having staff meetings at the restaurants, all making sure we all would have the best vacation possible. I am so appreciative of their hard work ethic, most of them were there from sunrise to way after sunset. So, to tell me the service was bad, sorry. I didn't see it.There were so many options for meals, we couldn't possibly get to everywhere we wanted to try. Breakfast was incredible. Tons of food to choose from, I really can't think of anything they didn't have. Lunch, we always went to the beach buffet. Every day was amazing view of the ocean while we ate, we didn't want to go anywhere else! Never had an issue with any of the food there. There is a lot I can't eat due to allergies, but I ALWAYS found something. Dinner, you must make a reservation for the Japanese Restaurant, Matsuri. I could never eat half of what they gave there's that much food! I wanted to finish it because it was the best food there (the shrimp is to die for!), but couldn't stuff it all in! I liked the french gourmet restaurant, the chicken was very good. The seafood and steak restaurants were not bad, but weren't our favorite either. I chose food at the buffets that were cooked in front of you, for the most part. That way I ensured the temperature was good and the food wasn't out for too long.We're not the ones to ask about nightlife. We are up so early in the morning, that we were too exausted by the time the shows were starting. So, we never made it to any. But after dinner there was always two guys playing just outside of the main buffet in an open air stage area, one on keyboard and one on either an alto or soprano sax. The last night we were there, they had a full band with three singer, performing what I think were very popular latin songs. They were fantastic!I'm sure I'm leaving a million things out, but I will say this. I LOVED this resort. We have never come home so rested and relaxed, it could not have been a better vacation. BIG thank you-s to AnneMarie for always providing fabulous service, and for being there for any questions. I am so sad I didn't get to meet you! To Victor at the front desk, who was very accomodating and made sure we were happy. To Oscar at Matsuri, who provided great entertainment and fabulous food! I really wish we could have taken you home! And lastly to Victor at the pool bar!!! YEAH BABAY!!!!! He made every visit to the bar a great one, we looked forward to seeing him every day. The man LOVES his job!! If anyone has any questions at all, please feel free to private message me. I will do my best to help. I seriously can't stop talking about the Majestic, I might as well be of some use to all of you!! I'm still mourning the fact that I have to cook for myself, and CLEAN... just terrible... :-)

Gorgeous Hotel Gorgeous Hotel. Spacious 1 Bedroom Suite All to myself!!!!! Was traveling for Business during Grammy Week. So many people were in town. Definately a great time to Be in LA. Will definately go back. Rooms are very clean, and house keeping is very attentive. Food is a bit pricey, but decent. Shopping is nearby. Concierge was very helpful in providing me with a map to Rodeo Drive. Had a great time. Will definately go back and bring my husband with me this time!

A good hotel let down by bad service... We stayed at Sheraton on the Park for three nights in a city view king room on the 11th floor, the room was large and spacious, newly renovated and had a marble bathroom with a separate bath and shower.The hotel is in a great location, it's close to major shopping areas and multiple forms of public transport, and the executive lounge is fantastic. The lobby decor is nice and the bar/dining options were good.However the service wasn't that amazing, it took 25 minutes to get our car out of valet on one occasion and 15 minutes on another. The bell boy took so long to come collect our bags when we checked out we ended up just struggling with them ourselves. The staff were neither rude or nice, just average.The room was very noisy, we could hear the rooms around us and everything going on in the hallway. My parents were also staying at the hotel on a different floor and they also had the same noise problems.In the room we stayed in we had shutters instead of curtains, these didn't block out enough light in the morning and had large cracks where they joined each other, so the room wasn't very dark in the mornings. If I stayed here again I'd definitely be requesting a room with curtains.Overall my experience at this hotel was a good one, I would stay at this hotel again if I got a good rate, I was just disappointed a 5 star hotel would have poor service.

Loved the hotel!! The rooms are clean and up to date!! I have stayed here several times and keep coming back because the price is good and the rooms are just great!!

Warning to Travelers We stayed at this resort from Feb. 22, 2007 until March 1, 2007. I agree with a lot of what others have said about the resort.The meals were ho-hum; we loved the beach but hated the fact that we had to rise before dawn to secure 8 lounges togetherunder a palapa; the weather was wonderful; the ocean was clear; the room was great as was the maid service.My one huge complaint is that when my brother back in the states contracted viral encephalitis and my sister-in-law tried to reach me, the resort did not get the message to me. My daughter called the 2nd day was promised by someone at the front desk that they would get the message to me. It never happen! Finally on the 3rd day my daughter happened to call while I was in the room and told me what happened. Thank God that he was out of the woods by the time she called. He was still in guarded condition so I wanted to speak to him my sister-in-law to assure myself that he was going to be OK. I tried to call from the room but was unable to do so. We went to the front desk to complain and were offered no help regarding the phone other than we could go buy a phone card. The man said he was sorry (his sorry didn't sound very sincere!) but did not respond as one would have hoped in such an emergency situation. The icing on the cake happened on the last day. We were going through all the literature regarding the resort; the blank stationery they leave for your use on the coffee table; etc. In the folder with the stationery was an unmarked envelope with the fax my sister-in-law sent me on the 1st day.

***** Star Service SO much has been said about this property already, but I am happy to report The Hotel Vitale is my new found fave in San Francisco. I'm usually a creature of habit, but decided to give Hotel Vitale a try. I always love walking along the water, visiting the Ferry Building and Farmers Market, Dining, Shopping, Exploring-and this property makes a great base to experience the best of San Francisco. The service was incredible from the moment I arrived. I felt genuinely welcomed by the Valet Bell staff, Front Desk etc. The Concierges are !!outstanding!! and every recommendation was spot on. The Vitale attracts a nice diverse all ages mix of people (singles, families, couples) and is such a comfortable place to stay and relax. I was truly surprised at the quality of staff, quality of food, and water view/s at reasonable prices. The Vitale has a cozy Lounge and stylish Restaurant offering some truly delectable food and delightful service, and let us not forget about the simple comfortable rooms complete with every amenity.

Not all experiences are perfect I loooove looove love the Ritz Carlton product, and especially look forward to staying there twice a year when visiting San Francisco. Many of the things I adore about this property have not changed but unfortunately some important things have slipped. For this visit, my reservation was made directly through the Hotel two months prior to my stay. I called direct in order to book a specific room --which I liked very much in the past-- or a room in the same approximate corridor offering a similar view. This was not a difficult request due to the size of this property and number of rooms that fit this description- if my first choice was not available, I was hoping for an exterior view and was not restricted by budget. I also requested two dinner reservations for this visit. When I arrived at the Hotel and checked in, I inquired about the location of the room and was told it was interior facing. This was not what I had requested or ideal. I asked the young woman at the front desk about my special request and she said it could not be accomodated as the Hotel was quite booked. I asked if they might have a higher category room or Suite available. Unfortunately, she told me there were no other options. Not happy about the sitaution, but still happy to be in one of my favorite places I succumbed and headed off to my room.Things went along as they usually do...lovely flowers, pleasant staff, well maintained facilities, nice displays of food and drink (on the Concierge Floor) and the expected top notch Ritz Carlton SF experience. Day two after hoofing it around the city all day we returned to the hotel to get ready for Dinner and had a message in regards to our Dinner plans-the RC had mistakenly made an 8:00 P.M. Dinner reservation for that evening. It was now 5:45 P.M. and the Concierge contacted the restaurant but unfortunately they were unable to accomodate us. The concierge suggested a few other options-we took her suggestion, and when she phoned us back she notified us that the only opening was at 6:45. Unfortunately since it was Saturday night our options were limited. We quickly showered and headed off to Dinner. After returning from dinner the Concierge greeted us and asked how everything was. We told her the restaurant was very pretty and had a nice atmosphere but the food was just okay. She inquired about what we ate and how the rest of our stay was and we told her how dissappointed we were with a few things and then breifly detailed the room situation, missed reservation, etc. She then stated not all experiences are perfect and to contact her in the future so she could assure we would be taken care of. Hmmmm-can you say stunned? I thought I'm sorry or I hoped you would enjoy the food more might have covered it more tactfully. I enjoyed the remainder of the evening but thought Wow-did that just happen?It is true, not all experiences are perfect but as a frequent traveler I fully well know that. I don't think that line should be uttered by a staff member under any circumstances let alone this one especially since I was (and we were) just answering her question. People make mistakes, and that is why they call them mistakes. I was irked but willing to overlook a less than flawless stay. One mediocre visit would not prohibit a future one. I hoped it was just a hiccup. All I can figure is the place seemed understaffed (turn down service was occuring well after 10:00 P.M.), dirty plates and glasses were everywhere especially during the Morning and Cocktail Hours. And lastly we requested a late check out and that too was something that could not be accomodated. Not a big deal but certainly not the expected for $600.00 a night.

One of the finest Hotels in the World This was the one and only Hotel I wanted to stay in when planning a trip to Paris, and it exceeded all my expectations. The Four Seasons Paris is in a word '' beautiful . The Four Seasons is well located, and every detail impresses. The world famous floral displays will astound even the most jaded, there is a gorgeous modern/ formal center garden, magnificent dining room, lovely bedrooms/ bathrooms, and generous closets! All of the staff we encountered were excellent and every space immaculately maintained. The dining room is a surreal Dinner setting and as you arrive to your table a staff member magically blankets the table top with fresh rose petals, tucks in cymbidium orchid blossoms, and candles. During my stay, there was a large VIP event in Paris and despite the high number of recognizable actors and sports celebrities swirling about, every Guest received the same VIP treatment. This is an extremely comfortable property despite the formality of the decor' and excellent in every way.

Impeccable The 41 is impeccable. The moment you step in the door you feel as if you are entering a private residence. The excellent decor combines traditional elegance with a twist. Black and white dominates the bedrooms, and the lounge (think elegant private Library) with it's large conservatory style roof, repeats the theme adding in a discreet bit of animal print. The young polished international staff provides finely tuned personal service.I don't want to emphasize the smallness of the room or property -it happens to be a huge part of the charm. Guest rooms provided everything imaginable and then some. I spent about 20 minutes aquainting myself with the immense list of turn down gifts special bath elixirs, relaxing pillow spray, lengthly pillow menu (this list goes on) and if your cherished pet is fortunate enough to be traveling along, 41 has special meals, signature bedding, welcome baskets, and numerous treats for your companion. NO request is too large as evidenced by the self explanatory Whatever/Whenever button on the phone.Back to the room, heavenly bedding (and bed), fireplace, small writing desk, two chairs and cocktail table, a hefty stack of great magazines, simply the best map and listing of local attractions I've seen, small ice bucket and slices of fresh lime and lemon alongside a bamboo skewer (great touch). A place for my iPod Yay! Speakers tucked in all the corners! The bathroom was well stocked too with lovely smelling Blenheim bath bubbles and soap, nice big soaking tub with rain showers in tub and separate shower, heated towel bar with loads of fluffy towels everywhere (amazing how so many hotels miss this item and only give you 2 large bath towels and pairs of hand and wash cloths). The lovely ebony wood fitted closet also provided for every need, desire, and luxury. On arrival the young lady checking us in provided us with a pre-dinner welcome cocktail and small nibbles in the room while we unpacked our things. When returning to the hotel after dinner we were greeted by scented lit candles, fluffy robes, and faux fur bed throw-can you spoil us more? Ironically on check-in we were asked if we were celebrating any special occasion during our stay and we said no-I can't wait to return for a special day just to see what 41 has in mind for those special occasions!Breakfast is served in the Lounge (or your guest room) and the attention to detail continues. A.M. food choices such as fresh fruits, berry compote, gorgeous baked goods, juices, numerous cereals (organic too), cooked english breakfast, and a la carte menu.Phew! Now I know what life is like across the street at the castle.

W SAn Francisco This is a cool Hotel true to the W brand. The W San Francisco is situated just perfectly for business or convention purposes straight across from Moscone. It's also a good home base if you want to just shop, tour, or visit the Museum. The public spaces are stylish and the Lobby attracts good looking --young-- locals too -so it's a nice mix of tourists, business people, and city dwellers. This property is definately geared towards a pretty specific age and interest group (sophisticated mostly mid 20's-40's singles or couples w/ no kids tagging along). It's all about hanging out to chill music and dim lighting. The rooms and bathrooms are attractive, comfortable, well thought out, but a bit small even by SF standards. Still a completely enjoyable property that is great fun and a decent value for a weekend in this wonderful city.

Better than I Expected But There's Room for Improvement I stayed at the Caribe Hilton from May 5th - May 8th. I liked a lot of things about the hotel (the open-air lobby, the Starbucks, the cleanliness of the rooms and the tropical garden) but there were a few issues:1) There was no one at the check-in desk when I arrived. If you were Hilton Honors or a VIP your line was staffed but there was no one there for normal check-ins. Not the best first impression.2) Room service trays and garbage were not picked up promptly from the hallways. When my next door neighbor had dinner his tray of half-eaten food remained outside the room until lunchtime the next day. This happened more than once.3) Beach service was spotty. One day there was someone taking orders but the next day there was no one to be seen. I don't mind getting up to get my drinks and food but sometimes you just want to veg out and not move.4) Food and drink prices are extraordinarily high. $10 for a Bud Light! That's ridiculous. 5) There needs to be a higher level of attentiveness to guests from some of the staff. One evening when I tried to get a cab to take me to the casino at the El San Juan Hotel, it took 5 minutes of standing around before the staff stopped chatting with each other to ask if they could help. All in all, I had a great trip because the weather in PR was wonderful and the beach at the hotel was really all I needed for a relaxing stay. Would I stay here again? Maybe if I found a really great rate but it wouldn't be my first choice.

Great location Stayed at the Hyatt over Valentine's Day weekend 2004. The best thing about the hotel is the location. Its central to everything. The room was clean, the room service food was tasty and the staff was very helpful. They were able to find me a reservation at a top restaurant on Valentine's Day which is next to impossible. I would stay here again.

good hotel for a citybreak My husband and I spend 4 nights in this hotel. I had emailed the hotel in front to ask for a room on one of the higest floors and they did their best to take this request into account. We had a room on the 9th floor and could enjoy from a lovely view on Barcelona.The Hotel is located in a quiet area and the tube is nearby. On arrival at the hotel, we were greeted by staff at reception with a glass of champagne. Check in was nice quick.Breakfast was included in our room price and what a breakfast. So much choice, including cavaWe used the Wellness centre once- really relaxing!Would definately book this hotel again.

The only thing I hated about EdenH...... ...was LEAVING it !Oh my gosh, we had such a good time at EdenH last week (Aug 3-10) that I had the sad face on during ride back to the airport. I think the resort grounds are picturesque, rooms are clean and modern as is the entire property. We requested a 4th floor room and never took elevators (gotta burn those calories any way we can)Pools are really pretty and the beach is great. Plenty of chairs for all. The shows were typical of AI resorts. The food was good, we ate at ala carte's 3X--Italian once and American twice--could've easily booked more but wanted to eat at buffet a few times and Friday night is Beach Party) Drinks are yummy and fattening. Note to all rum cream lovers in Jamaica....they have Barcelo Cream here..VERY similar to rum cream...delicious! The bars are cool, especially lobby bar (Alisios sp?) Tons of top shelf booze and smiling bartenders that will make you any drink you ask for. We didn't do any excursions but did take a parasail--a must! I dare anyone to experience this and not love it!Another thing I liked about this resort was the staff. Check in...bartenders...housekeeping...wait staff....groundskeepers...ALL were smiling and helpful. I hadn't been to Punta Cana in 4 years and it reminded me of how much I like the people of the DR that's I've come in contact with.I read the negative reviews of EH and once again, have to ask myself...were we at the same place?? I suppose it didn't hurt that we had a solid week of hot, sunny days, never saw one mosquito and don't care about wash cloths (ha ha)If you're heading to EdenH and are concerned, my humble opinion is....DON'T BE. Take your smile, your good attitude and your camera and prepare for vacation bliss. Enjoy!Adios fellow travelers!

Friendly Hotel in Florence The Silla is a lovely place to stay in Florence. The staff is the most friendly and helpful of any hotel I have stayed in anywhere (seriously). The rooms are large enough and have all the conveniences needed. Our daughter accompanied us on this trip and they arranged for her to have a room right next to ours with a view of the patio and the River. For Florence it is also a great value with rates that are less than other hotels of equal or lesser value. There is also a small grocery store just down the block in case you need anything or feel like eating in. It is away from the noisey and touristy center of Florence but close enough to walk anywhere of interest. Also, cabs are fairly reasonably priced should you tire of walking. All things considered, a great place to stay in Florence.

Good location-great beds we got a great deal through Hotwire for Texas/ou weekend. the hotel is in a great location-only a few blocks from West End and Victory Park. The lobby was very nice with a relaxing atmosphere in the bar area. we didn't use the pool, but we had a great view of it from our room and it looked nice. The bed was one of the best i have ever slept in. The only downside was parking was $21. that is a bit steep in my opinion. I would stay there again if i needed a downtown hotel.

Fantastic Customer Service We chose the Banks Mansion because we wanted a more comfortable hotel located close to our friends in Amsterdam. It definitely met this criteria and went way beyond!The fantastic customer service made the stay. They never hassled or even commented about our early check-in time. Our room was clean and fitted nicely with modern furnishings and extras like free mini bar and spirits in glass decanters. The bathroom was very nice with a shower and a really long bathtub! Overall we enjoyed our stay.

Phew!!!!! lbertsons are a 3min drive away. Can't think of anything the supermarket didn't sell, apart from proper baked beans, but then you can never get them in the states!We ate at The Keg, both the steak the salmon was delicious. We also tried The Bamboo Club - a wide variety of asian dishes on offer. Did not eat at the JW but Roy's looked superb.Very,very hot the entire week but you know before you go so be prepared. Will not be returning - there are too many places out there still to visit, but would recommend both the MCV Arizona.

Nice Hotel In Paris Our party of three adults spent 3 day in the Hotel Ares in mid-September. We had a good-sized room with two double beds. The room was freshly decorated with yellow walls and nice white, carved crown molding. There were large windows in both the bedroom and spacious bathroom that opened onto an interior coutyard (not very attractive but the fresh air was great!). By Paris standards the bath was huge. The hotel is located in the 15th just a short walk from the Eiffel Tower. It is on a quiet street only a block from shopping, restaurants and the metro. The hotel staff was very gracious and helpful. We have stayed in several 3 star hotels in Paris and this is the best by far. The metro station was great as it had access to several lines. We will definitely stay again.

Great Stay at the Intercontinental Our Room

Almost impossible to check-in - Beware! Booked this hotel through Hotwire many months before and got a great deal - however, it may not have been worth it for the aggravation suffered.We arrived here on a Sunday afternoon around 1:20. The line was already horrendous but the worst was still to come! There were 3 cruise ships disembarking in San Juan this day and the Sheraton OSJ was in no position to accept the incoming guests.Pre-registration was done and we were told they start giving out keys at 3 PM. We moved to the restaurant Chicago Burger and had a decent lunch while we waited. Food was good - service was a little slow.At 2:50 we got back in the dreaded line and were told rooms were not ready. OK - wait some more - at 3:30 we are back in line and once we reach the desk we are told Nope - still no rooms. I very calmly said that was fine - I would wait at the desk til one was ready, as I was not going through that line once more!They told me I could not wait at the desk and since I refused to move they did call security! Fine - he stood behind me but I did succeed in getting one of our 2 rooms. The very rude front desk staff did promise our luggage would be brought to the room and another room key would be delivered within 10 minutes....whatever....they just wanted me away from the desk so we all got our wishes.The security guard did promise my husband that he would stay on it and true to his word we had our luggage and another room within 10 minutes. Our room was on the 9th floor - near the roof top pool. It was very dark and had the appearance of being clean but I'm not totally sure. The lighting was very poor - not even a lamp on the desk. No closet - just an armoire - that's OK because we're only staying one night. Happy to see an operating safe in the room as I have learned to trust no one! The bathroom was very large but once again I wasn't sure about the cleanliness and thought I saw a bug in the corner - it turned out to be fluff but why was it there in the first place? The bed was very comfortable and we did sleep well.Enjoyed a nice breakfast in Pallio the next morning - the staff was friendly and the portions were large.The final insult from the front desk was that they could not - or would not? - make change so we could tip the valet.We were told the hotel check-in nightmare happens every Sunday so beware - you could spend hours trying to get a room. Other guests told us the hotel has a practice of allowing guests to enjoy a late check out, for a fee, and this is why rooms are not ready at the prescribed check in time. Whether this is true or not I do not know. I only know we will never stay there again no matter what the price.The location is perfect - the one true plus for this hotel. You can walk anywhere in Old San Juan and the waterfront area. Next time we will stay in the Isla Verde area and take cabs!

Add me to the list of those who love this hotel! We stayed at the Brooklyn Bridge Marriott for one night before boarding a cruise out of Brooklyn. We booked directly through the Marriott's website many months before and secured a favorable rate using the Senior discount.Arrived around 3 PM and had no problem checking in early. The front desk staff were both professional and friendly. After check-in we moved to the bar for a couple of drinks and found this to be a fun place. The bartender, Michael, makes a great Manhattan!Talked with the doorman, Nick, who recommended a great dinner spot - the Queen Italian Restuarant. There was 6 of us and he had no problem arranging transportation for our ride there.After dinner we returned to the Marriott for coffee and dessert. They serve Starbucks and a wicked cheesecake sampler platter ($13) which easily fed us all - we may not have finished it all! Great attentive service as well.The rooms were clean and comfortable and good sized. The bed was very comfy. Very large bathroom and lots of hot water and pressure in the morning.The hotel itself is very lovely. There are escalators from the main entrance up to the lobby and they are surrounded by lots of greenery and flowers. Security is also very evident and appreciated.We enjoyed a great breakfast the next morning in the hotel restaurant. A buffet is offered in addition to the regular menu. Portions were huge and I'm not sure any of us were able to finish. Service was extremely friendly but a little slow.As this was a quick trip we were not able to enjoy the pool - hopefully we will on our next trip, as we are staying here again next May.To sum it up we had a great stay and look forward to the next one!Transportation notes: there were 4 of us traveling from JFK with at least 8 bags. We arranged to have Arecibo pick us up - the fee to the hotel was $50 plus tip. Our doorman, Nick, arranged our transportation to the port and that was $25 plus tip.

Langham is Beautiful!! Stayed at the Langham from 9/1 to 9/4. We arrived early in the morning and planned on checking our bags until later in the day. To our delight we were allowed to check in! We had booked a moderate Queen room and were given a lovely room on the 6th floor overlooking Post Office Park. The room was immaculate as was the very large gleaming bathroom. Furnishings were lovely and new. The hotel furnishes plush bathrobes and slippers and our nightly turndown service, complete with chocolates on the pillows, made us feel like we were on a cruise ship! The radio was left turned on to a soft music channel - a nice touch.The staff was friendly and accommodating, from Stacey at the front desk, who checked us in and out, to Juan, one of the very nicest bell men ever. The housekeeping staff was right on the mark and we could never pass one of them without receiving a smile and a greeting. The Concierge supplied us with umbrellas for our one rainy day, which were greatly appreciated, since we prefer to walk until our feet fall off (!) when in Boston.The lobby and other public rooms are gorgeous. Sadly, we did not enjoy any meals at the Langham - that will have to wait until our next visit.The only annoyance was having to go to two floors once and three floors once to find ice! Not a showstopper by any means - just took a little longer to chill our wine!Having stayed previously at Jury's and the Wyndham (now Hilton) many times - we think we have found our new favorite hotel to be the Langham and look forward to our next visit.

Wonderful views, don't forget your sunscreen! This is a really great property with nice pools and an amazing private island (really one of the prettiest places I have ever seen) but I say don't forget the sunscreen because if you do, it's gonna cost you. $20 to be exact. Yep, if you forget anything while you are staying here you better be prepared to pay dearly for it. Oh, and if you want to eat, you better be willing to pay up, big time. I am no cheapie, but $16 for a burger was a little high and almost $20 for two well drinks was a bit over the top! I loved this place, but make sure you bring LOTS of extra cash for food, drinks, parking etc. and try not to leave any essentials at home because they charge a ton for little stuff. We had a great view from our room, STAY OCEANFRONT!! It is such a great thing to wake up to! We took our two kids and they loved it, especially the awesome pools. I am glad we stayed here, but really wish there were some sort of affordable food options, there just isn't quite yet.

Highlight of our trip! We loved Damai Lovina Villas (www.damai.com.) Damai was our honeymoon splurge at the end of our trip. If you're staying at other places during your trip, I would recommend staying here last as nothing else could possibly compare favorably! :-) It's way up on the northern coast of Bali, not really near anything, city wise. The villas were gorgeous, the pool magnificent, and the food 5 star. There are only 6 villas on the property so you eventually get to know the other people staying there. We did the dinner and dolphin package and the dophin tour was amazing! We saw a ton of them. It's expensive though, rooms, tours, and food, so be aware of that. Of all the places we stayed, Damai is the one we still talk about all the time. sigh

Glad our friends recommended it! We LOVED Tegal Sari in Ubud (www.tegalsari-ubud.com) Ubud is a fantastic place. Affordable, less crowded, etc. Tegal Sari is lovely with nice (not luxurious) rooms and great views. Our room overlooked a rice patty. It is a 15 minute walk from town and 10 minutes to the monkey forest. So, out of the way, but not TOO out of the way. The staff were really accommodating and gave great customer service. We were celebrating our honeymoon, and the staff left us a huge basket of flowers with a lovely note with well wishes for a great honeymoon. We still get emails from them wishing us happy birthdays every year! We booked this hotel on recommendation of some friends who had been there a few months before and we were not disappointed.

Peaceful,Posh and Good Value My husband and I have just returned from a holiday trip to Paris. After mind boggling searches for the PERFECT hotel.,I think I have found it. Hotel de Varenne is sophisticated without being pretentious. Staff helpful and courteous. Great location.Very peaceful nights sleep. Pleasantly surprised by the bathroom size as I'd been lead to believe all hotel bathrooms in Paris are tiny. I hope to return to Hotel de Varenne to enjoy this lovely place again.

Bring flipflops and earplugs I needed a place for the night before a cruise on the S.S. Lane Victory at 7:30 a.m. the following morning.Strangely, although the room was very clean, the furniture in good shape, and the bed comfortable, the carpet of Room 215 was FILTHY. It made the soles of my feet black within five minutes of my stepping out of the shower. (If you take the trouble to scrupulously clean the rest of the room, why not shampoo the carpet once in a while?)Also, though the hotel appeared to be barely occupied, the desk clerk claimed it was full, and wouldn't give me a quieter room on the back side of the hotel. In the rooms facing Gaffey Street, the traffic sounds are LOUD (cars with thumping speakers at all hours; big rigs downshifting for the stoplight half a block away; police sirens). I had to leave the air on all night to try to muffle the noise. Also, as mentioned in other reviews, the neighborhood looks a bit iffy, and I wouldn't walk around there after dark. The 21 Sushi restaurant next door was good and reasonably priced; it was frequented by regular local customers, many of whom the owner greeted by name.If the carpet were cleaner, this would be a good hotel for the price.

A Great Little Hotel Mini Bar

Great boutique hotel Exactly as promised. We had a two room apartment (25m) which was larger than we expected. Very nice mini kitchen facilities which allowed for coffee making and small meals. Clean nicely furnished rooms and hotel is located on a quiet dead end street in a great area in the heart of the latin quarter within walking distance of everything. Front desk staff spoke perfect english and had great recommendations for local cafes and restaurants. Be sure to check out le Petit Prince ( 5 min walk) for an authentic french dinner. Would highly recommend checking the hotels website directly for last minute deals as we got a fantastic rate.

Not what we expected-better have a good sense of humor. Hotel is undergoing major renovations but not to the rooms. They have not been updated in nearly 40 years. A wrecking ball has taken out most of the first floor of the property and you will need to enter the hotel through a scafolding stairwell. Good news the elevator is now working and the rooms are clean but just old. Ours was missing a curtain on one window and was on a very noisy main road. The photos on the website were very misleading and it was not what we expected. Checked out asap.

Loved the Occidental!!! Will go back again! one of the pools

Great service overall, but... Just returned from Majestic Colonial resort, Punta Cana. Not having been to the region prior, nor knowing anyone who had, we had no idea what to expect. I believe this contributed to some sense of disappointment with this trip. The grounds are beautiful, the place is immaculately clean. The employees are busy, busy, bees... always cleaning, sweeping, replacing, doing their best to maintain everything and they will do everything to attempt to satisfy your needs. The selling point of the resort seems to be the fact that it is all-inclusive; all one can eat and especially drink.The problem for us was 1) the food was terrible, 'tho there was always great effort to present it attractively, and 2) not being heavy drinkers we found little to do other than lounge by the pool . Because of weather conditions (of course the resort had no control over the storm which kept everyone off the beach for two days) the pool area was quite crowded and short of lounging chairs. Not being near even a small city shopping area we never saw much of the life of the country. We did take the one day trip to the Island for beach and BBQ. This trip was nice, but way too long. It was a 2-hr bus ride to the marina where we boarded a catamaran. Following our time on the beach we had another looong return ride to the hotel. Whew!Families with small children seemed to have a good time with the youngsters being able to plop around the pool; and certainly the hearty drinkers enjoyed the never empty glass of whatever it was they wanted to drink. My advice then, would be to take a good book or two, snag a lounge chair, just relax, read, and drink up. For us, it just wasn't enough.

Good Place, with suggestions This is a quiet, very comfortable place to stay in a notoriously expensive and noisy city. Best rates are on the hotel's website (we prepaid $159 per night for bed and breakfast, plus an additional $19.22 per night in taxes), and we would stay there again in a flash. The hotel is soundproof and the location is perfect, only steps away from the Bush/Powell intersection and an easy jaunt to all of downtown. The California street Cable Car line is two blocks up Nob Hill; Market Street is five short blocks south. We didn't have a car, but the hotel offers in-and-out valet parking for $38 per night, a pretty good rate considering you are in the heart of The City.Dinner in the hotel's restaurant, Daffodil's, was only so-so however; husband's flatiron steak was superb, but my pork tenderloin entree was dry and tasteless, very overcooked. The waitress said the chef prefers to serve the pork rare, probably because he has never heard of trichinosis and has no idea how easy it is to cook a pork tenderloin to non-pink, tender perfection. Whatever, I suggest you select something else from what seemed to be a relatively limited, somewhat precocious menu. Be aware that there are tiny, easily overlooked coupons at the far end of the reception desk that knock $20 off your dinner bill. The restaurant didn't seem very busy on any of the three nights we were in residence; perhaps the management should put one of those $20 coupons in with the room key at check-in. The European-style breakfast buffet was more than adequate and included juices, cold cuts, cheese, tomatoes, hard-boiled eggs, assorted cereals (with yogurt available), a variety of fruit, delicious croissants and muffins, bread and bagels for toasting, teas, coffee, and so on. Hot breakfasts were available at an extra charge.We had the San Francisco Chronicle outside our door every morning, and both USA Today and the Wall Street Journal were also complimentary at the front desk.The room had free wireless, and the bathroom was large and well appointed with good linens. Shower/Tub was clean with excellent water pressure. Little noise transferred from adjacent rooms. The in-room coffee was not memorable. Elevators were prompt and swift.The beds are cloud-like, almost too much so. After an uncomfortably hot first night alternating between the too hot duvet and too cold sheet as a cover, we requested a regular blanket rather than the fluffy duvet -- problem solved. The huge pillows are deep and fluffy, nice if that's want you like but miserable if you prefer something smaller and firmer. A selection of pillows amid the six on the bed would have been much appreciated.The decor is very tailored with extremely nice furnishings, and the staff was highly professional and pleasant. All in all, the Orchard proved to be ideal for our all-too-short stay in SF.

One night at Hyatt harborside Stayed one night (friday) at Hyatt harborside as we had a transatlantic flight to catch at 9am. We check in during the early afternoon with the plan to spend the afternoon /early evening in Boston. Our plan worked well, and is worth considering for those with a morning flight out of Logan.No queue to check in on arrival, left luggage with bellman headed up to the room - luggage was delivered within 10 mins. Our room on 9th floor, had a fantastic Harbor view - so good you could take a photo from the room!!.Room had 2 Queen beds, medium to firm matress, with good quality linens, room was decorated in a modern style. Armchair by window, ipod docking station, bathroom with tub shower but no bathrobes. Toiletries were basic - I have to admit though am not a fan of the hyatts portico toiletries. Room was clean but not overly large. Glasses ice bucket provided (ice machine on each floor). NO aiport noise whatsoever from the room, but you can hear noise from the corridor - lucky for us we had quiet neighbours!!The lift is fun - you get a waterview as you travel up down!!There is a nice patio area outside where you can dine or have a drink with a great view (at night the staff light candles lanterns its quite lovely) - but the indoor bar area was a dissapointment, not inviting not a place to linger. Staff seemed overstreched but remained polite. Food was good but not great, Calamari appitizer was very large (enough for 2) and tasty.The water taxi is available just outside the hotel - be sure to use the walkie talkie to call for a taxi as they appear to wait offshore rather than at the dock. We used the service to get to Boston it was a fun experience. Taxi service runs till 10pm, so you do not have to dine at the hotel restaurant.Although hotel was busy the pool/gym was empty, we used both. Lockers/towels provided water, cool towels apples were available. Pool is saltwater affords you a view of the harbor whilst you swim The jacuzzi was very hot. There is also a sauna which we did not use - With the heatwave Boston was expereincing we were hot enough!!.Early morning bellstaff came for luggage we had a short wait for one of the two (free) shuttles to the airport.

Fantastic view We stayed at the Four Points by Sheraton for New Year. We were on the 10th flloor abd the view over Darling Harbour was amazing. Room was very comfortable and the king sized bed a joy to get into especially after our stop over from Singapore. We slept 13 hour solid as the soundproofing was also extremely good. all the staff were very helpful and the doormaneeven managed to hail a taxi for us on New Years Eve to get down to the Rocks. Would definetely stay again.

Place to sleep and shower. I stayed in the Coqui Inn beginning of March 2008. I had seen the place online before going to Puerto Rico and it did not look too bad for the price. The grafetti mural walls through me off a little and I was iffy on booking the place based on the unknown of the area. We went to PR and family was going to find us a cheap place close to the coast-beach, that did not happen. So an hour after getting off flight from NYC we contacted a few places that were $140 + a night, went to see like 3 of them...rooms looked like blah for that price and we didnt want to spend alot of $. The vacation was like an extended weekend cheap get away to the beach kinda thing.So there I was trying to get directions to the place on the phone, dealt with 3 different people. The address for place does not come up on a GPS system, at least not a tom-tom. Finally found it. Much easier than they explained. The enterance is around the back and it has multiple doors to get into the facility and confusing to find main lobby. We finally get in, there is one woman waiting on the sofa... one lady behind the counter and one manager in the office. it takes like hour-two to get checked in. the clerk made a money mistake refund transaction before and now the manager locked the system down and they can not enter any reservations. so she tells us to wait, dont give a specific amount of time. I tell her i saw a room online for $89 per night, and it is the two of us. We get handed like 4 sets of keys, told to pick a room. first we took a top room- not connected to others. two beds inside- twin and double. sheets are clean bathroom looked clean except the tile work in the shower stall was kinda busted up. could use TLC and a complete paint job. Huge refrigerator in room was a plus. Very cold. Light bulbs were burnt out, my Husband went to desk to exchange 2 of them, they said someone will come to room - no one did. we didnt stress it. The second day, we had NO hot water or water pressure. After 3 attempts, water and hot water running. 2nd day no such luck. After a long day and having a early morning ahead of us, we had to repack all our stuff and move to another room... we had choice of another 3 rooms, we settled on this other room, that may not have been the right one!I forgot to mention that the room cost us $79. After complaining at check in that we waited so long.... we got the room at that rate. Back to room 2. Nicer, cleaner, new paint job, bathroom a little tiny bit more up to date... not perfect, but it worked for sleep and shower purposes. Well water pressure and temperature were great...This room had two double beds and a stove (crappy) some dishes and a pot and pan and utensils. not a bad gesture but.... nothing I would make meals on. Fridge was smaller, but still nice to have. We bought some 12 pack soda at Wallgreens, milk and cereal and throw away bowls...The air conditioner was terrible terrible. At this point I opened the slatted windows and turned on the fan, I gave up switching rooms. The front door was metal slatted and you could force the slats open from the outside of the room and stick your hand in and open the doorknob lock. Not cool to leave ANYthing of value behind. We also hung the do not disturb sign to aviod wondering if maid service was going to go through our stuff. Camera's througout the property inbetween walkways to rooms made safe, however not enought lighting outdoors. the place is basically enclosed when your inside, it seems like it was once 3 seperate hotel-motels smushed together...The space around the Coqui was nice. sitting areas, pools were all very clean and everything outside was maintained with decent landscaping... some chairs and hammocks... the floors are tile in some areas of the place and became very slippery and no wet floor signs left out. I noticed 4 computers in the lobby area with people planted infront of them. COME ON! YOUR On Vacation... Get off the computer and go the the beach! They sold soda and ice cream and stuff. I saw the coffee pot, they never mentioned the freee coffee or breakfast stuff, nor did I care to ask for it. Bottom line: you get what you pay for. $79 was not expensive for us and we got a shower and a clean bed. Not a fancy place. Staff is nice but soooo slow when doing things. I would stay again if I needed a cheap vacation. But would also consider renting a timeshare or small apartment for a week at about the same price.My advise to all, dont waste your money on taxi or tours (ones that you can do yourself like Morro and Yunque. Rent a car. It's like $19 a day (without optional insurance). you can go to different beaches like pinones and fajado ... not restricted to busy san juan... try charlie cars for a rental.Good luck!

Nice get-a-way at the Rui Bambu I just returned from a 3 night get away to the D.R. at the Riu Bambu.The grounds are very well kept and the beach is perfect! Lots of palm trees for shade and you can walk for miles. The Colonial buffet is really very good with a huge selection. All of the cold foods were kept on an iced surface and the hot foods constantly were replaced. The a la carte restaurants were not nearly as good as the buffet. We only went to them for a change and to be served. Beds and pillows are really too hard, as the other reviews said.The room was very clean, despite the Mildew/Lysol smell that I always notice in the caribbean. We went on the outback safari tour to see more of the Dominican country side. It was very informative and lots of fun, but too many stops to buy trinkets (all owned by outback safari) and the included lunch was bland - not the spicey dominican food promised. Brush up on your spanish - english is not often spoken and americans were in the minority. Lots of Germans, French and Italians. Be prepared to see topless ladies at the beach. We took a walk up the beach to the flea market and had fun haggling for price. Thought we got a good price and them found the same things at the airport shops for about the same price!! Remember not to drink the tap water, and be warned that Montezumas revenge got me on the plane home and it can get you!! All in all a nice place with a beautiful beach.

Great Location and would recommend Stayed for 3 nights in the Belvedere Hotel and was delighted with the room. From what I understand rooms in New York can be quite small so we was pleasantly surprised. For the price we paid this is great value. If you are looking for pure luxury - look elsewhere. If you are looking for a comfortable 3 star in a good location with pleasant staff and a decent sized, clean and comfortable room then this is what you getOur room was on the 17th floor and had a little kitchenette with coffee maker - coffee suplied - also microwave. The bathroom was small - as other reviewers have said - but it had everything and there was nothing to complain about. Shower was very good.We arrived a little early but our room was ready and we were able to check in. We were also allowed to check out a little later when departing which was great - they held our bags after that.We never had problem with the lifts - probably as we were on the top floor. Once it arrived up it was usually empty - however when it stopped at the various floors on the way down - it was often full. Lifts are definitely small.We had breakfast included in the price and it was very good. It would be very expensive it if were not included. Continental was about $13 and full american was nearly $20. The continental included tea, coffee, breads, cakes, cereal, fruit, cheese etc. The American had in addition suasage, bacon, eggs, home fries, pancakes, french toast. Plently places close by for breakfast otherwise.The location is great and we always felt safe walking around. We ate in the mexican next door one evening - Sombrero - and it was nice. There are plenty bars and restaurants close by and I would definitely stay again - we went to The Social (gets a bit noisy after 5), Hurleys, Pigalle just to name a few.We flew to Newark and got the NJ Transit to Penn - taxi only $8 to hotel. We got a taxi back to airport - hotel porters got it for us - - it was $80 including tip.Would have no hesitation recommending hotel or staying there again

Great Hotel and Value for Money We are just back from a 3 night stay in the City Inn - over the Easter weekend. I must agree with a lot of others regarding their positive reviews of this hotel.We had breakfast in the hotel each morning - if you are having the full english you order at the table and they serve it up to you - huge choice, bacon, sausage, eggs, mushrooms etc. You can also serve yourself from the buffet which had yogurts, cold meats, cheese, rolls, cakes, fresh fruit etc - plenty options and we had no complaints. Some people have said that there are long delays for breakfast - we were down every morning about 8 and had no problem. To be fair the hotel did have a little note in the room adivsing that at the weekend breakfast was busy after nine so if you were on a tight schedule then perhaps come before that time. We did not see too many places around where you could have got breakfast.The rooms are clean and have everything you would need - tv, tea and coffee making facilities ( complementary milk in the mimi bar fridge), proper hairdryer, safe, mini bar. Bathrooms are as previously described - I agree they are small but they have everything you would want and the shower is very good. If you need the use of a computer to check in online or anything then there are facilities on the fourth floor just next to the liftThere were newspapers available in reception all day and also as you went into breakfast.We went to the bar in the hotel one night on our way back from a show - it was very busy and had a good atmosphere. With regard to the location we had no difficulty with it - it is close to Pimlico station and Westminster Station. Pimlico is about a 5 minute walk but for a lot of lot of places you would need to change lines. We had no problem with the tube - hopping on and off and changing lines etc - if however you would be a bit nervous of this then perhaps the hotel might not suit you. Also for someone not able to walk too far and not too mobile then maybe might not be suitable - having said that there were always taxis outside the door. There was also a bus stop around the corner - we did not use this so not sure where it went toOverall this hotel is great value for money and for the service offered. The staff were always very pleasant from the reception staff to the breakfast staff. I would have no difficulty staying there again or recommending it to anyone - the only thing would be the location if you had a problem using the underground and did not want to be walking or paying out for taxis

Excellent Stay - delighted with our choice Just back from a 4 night stay in the American Amsterdam and were absolutely delighed with our choice of hotel.We had booked a double room with balcony and canal view and were not disappointed. The room was on the 4th floor and was large, comfortable and quiet. The bathroom was on the small size but had everything you would require and a great shower. Slippers and dressing gown also provided. Room had a flat screen tv, mini bar and safe. Tea and coffee making facilites available in room and were replaced daily. There was also an iron and hairdryer.We had breakfast included in the package - would be a little expensive otherwise at per person. Great choice - juices, cakes, breads, fresh fruit, yogurt, cold meats, cheese, salmon, bacon, sausages, mushrooms, eggs etc - something to suit most people. It was served in the lovely Cafe American. Breakfast was served from 6.30am - 10.30 am weekdays and from 7am to 11am at the weekendWe never ate dinner in the restaurant but did have drinks there one evening and was very enjoyable - on arrival we had received a voucher for a welcome drink in the barAll the staff we deal with were friendly and helpful.There is internet access available on the first floor - 35 cent per minute - can pay by credit card or charge to roomOn arrival we got the train from the airport - public transport in Amsterdam is very cheap and easy to use. Have change available to purchase your train ticket to central station - machines would not take notes - so other option is credit card. - approx for the 2 of us. We were able to buy our tram ticket on the tram. There is a metro stop right outside the hotel. As our flight home was early the hotel booked us a taxi to the airport - takes about 25 minsThe location of the hotel is perfect - Leidseplein. Just outside of the hotel you can get the canal bus - this was per person and you can hop on and off all day and is valid until 12 the next day. Stops at the major sights and museums and is a great way of getting around. There are plenty bars and restaurants around the hotel - we tried to avoid the big noisy bars and opted for smaller old style onesMost sights are also within walking distance if you prefer that option. Having been all over the city - would definitely opt to stay in this area again and preferably in American Hotel

This Is A Great Resort! Very Happy From South Carolina! Having a drink at Margaritas

The Majestic Colonial es el mejor Keeley taking advantage of the amenities

Clean and nice NIce new clean rooms. Stayed with friends for a bachlorette party. One downside no full length mirror in room. A word of advice don't keep your window open at night because in the morning you'll hear the duck tour. Other than that an awesome hotel with friendly staff.

Icky The front desk staff was rude. At first I was checked into a room that smelled like cigarettes and cheap perfume.Next to the room number was a no smoking sign. I called down to the front desk to switch rooms and they told me the hotel didn't do that and I was staying on the smoking floor. So I tried to air out the rancid room but the window would fall down whenever you opened it. SO.... I finally went down to the front desk to tell them the room was unacceptable and they told me to call expedia and try to get a refund. I did and expedia told me to make sure the hotel manager wouldn't foot the bill. At this point the front desk was tired of seeing me and gave me a better room.... 2 hours later. In the morning a false fire alarm went off and I was forced to stand outside for an hour I then asked for a late checkout and they said get out by noon. So needless to say the wost hotel.

Lovely hotel! This is perfect spot to be staying in the hub of it all, yet down a traditional side street with plenty of atmosphere not the huge bussle of the ramblas. We had a super trip, climbing the stairs in gaudi cathedral a must some fantastic local tapas 3 course meal restaurants down little streets in the gothic quarter. You need to explore by foot to discover the best restaurants. We also went to a beach out the city which was well worth it for a day of relaxing in the sun called, sitges. Enjoy!!

Enjoyable stay at the Colon Hotel The hotel was very clean, but could use some updating (worn carpets, paint chipping). Our room faced the interior courtyard, so there was no view, but it was very quiet. The cathedral was under construction while we were there, so paying more for a room with a view would not have been worth it in my opinion. The location was fantastic. The staff was very friendly and helpful. We were surprised by the 2 twin beds, but we made the best of it. The internet service was very expensive. Much cheaper to go to an internet cafe, but not as convenient. Mini-bar prices were reasonable. Overall, a great time in Barcelona!

Home away from home We travel often and have never encounted the level of hospitality that we found at the Hotel Europa. Miriam helped us with museum reservations and recommended a tour company for a day trip through the Chianti region (the highlight of our trip) before we even arrived in Florence. Her father Gassim greeted us with an ice cold bottle of water when we arrived at the hotel and gave us a great recommendation for dinner (Zsa Zsa's), which we loved so much, we ate there twice during our 4 night stay. Our room had a nice view of the Duomo, it was very clean, and there was plenty of space for the 2 of us. The bathroom, on the other hand, was very small (even by European standards), and the shower left much to be desired, especially for my husband, who pointed out that you could go to the bathroom, brush your teeth, and take a shower all at the same time. There was a shower head sticking out of the wall and a curtain in the corner of the room, but nothing to keep the water from soaking the entire floor while showering. Breakfast was included, but just ok. The location was great, right near the Duomo, and easy to get to all other major sights in Florence. Overall, a good value for the money and we would definitely recommend this hotel.

Beautiful hotel, great location I stayed at the Campton Place Hotel for 2 nights on business earlier this month. The hotel was very nice, the rooms were large and comfortable, the staff was very friendly and accommodating and the location is fantastic (right in Union Square). I would highly recommend this hotel for business or pleasure!

Nice hotel, great location We stayed here for 4 nights at the end of August/beginning of September. The hotel was beautiful, very clean and modern, and the location was fantastic. The beds and pillows were the most comfortable we have ever encountered while travelling! There were also numerous TV channels in English...not that we went to Madrid to watch TV, but it was nice to be able to watch the news in English and my husband enjoyed being able to watch movies in English while he was waiting for me to get ready to go our for the night. The front desk staff was very friendly and helfpul for the most part, but we did have a leak under the sink in our bathroom and the shower wasn't draining properly. We notified the front desk, but these problems were not resolved during our stay. The breakfast buffet selection was very good, especially by European standards. The views from the rooftop bar were amazing, although part of the bar was closed for a private party the night we went up there. We ordered room service for dinner one night and it was surprisingly good, although a little on the expensive side. We found a discount rate through Travelzoo (145 euros/night) that included breakfast. At this price, the hotel was a great find, but I'm not sure it would have been worth paying their normal rates.

Perfect Four adults stayed here for four nights and had a great time. We came for the Yankee / Red Sox series so we weren't in the room all that much. None the less, the room was spacious and clean. The hotel is centrally located. We never encountered any wait problems with the elevators. I would highly recomment this hotel to a traveler.

Nice clean hotel, GREAT service We stayed at the France Albion recently (June 2007) for 4 nights in a Superior Double Room and we loved it. The hotel and the room were very clean and the service was remarkable. We were veryimpressed with this nice 2-star, which is definitely a very superior 2-star. This hotel is not luxurious and the rooms are small like they would be in most European hotels, but they are not tiny. In any case, we were not looking for luxury. When we first walked into the room (Room 10), we thought about how small it was, but we got over that pretty quick. The room was clean and tidy. The room has a small tv and a safe (great plus!). Our room had one window overlooking what they call I wish taken a picture so you could see, but the which much, is what I was told that makes this a Superior room. I guess it makes for a quieter room, but in any case, Notre Dame de Lorette seemed like very quiet street. If I stay there again, I think I would try out the regular room. The bathroom had the usual basic amenities (bathrobes were a nice touch), a window which makes it nice and bright, and a shower/tub. Even in 4-star hotels you may find a dirty or slightly moldy shower curtain, but I don't think you ever will in this hotel. There was hot water all the time and good water pressure. I know in France probably want to try a lot of different places to eat, but the American-style buffet was really nice. I would definitely recommend trying it (scrambled eggs, bacon, potatoes, delicious cheese, ham, yogurt, cereal). Once you sit down, they will bring you great coffee and wonderful bread and croissants.Now, our favorite part about this hotel was Kelly! Kelly works at the front-desk and was extremely nice and helpful. She made recommendations, gave us directions, marked our maps, and even made us reservations for a dinner cruise and a cabaret-show. She is definitely one of the reasons we liked this hotel so much and why recommend it so highly.Two more things...Use the metro... there is a couple of stations a block from the hotel and incredibly easy to get around (Once you can explain to the metro person the kind of tickets you want in English and a bitof sign language... Of course if you speak French you will do much much better than us, but we had Kelly write it down for us on the second day, because the first day we had no luck with a kinda-rude metro lady) All the stations have easy-to-understand maps and signs.Also, the cabs always take longer than they say they will when you call them and extremely hard to stop one on the street, so take that into account. It is a shame I remember the name, but there was a wonderful restaurant, about two blocks from the hotel with incredible food and great service. We had lunch there on our last day. As soon as I find the business card, I will edit this posting... but I did give a card to Kelly, so if you are heading there pretty soon, ask her (it is notthe Fontaine Fiacre, she recommended it but we never tried it). Have fun in Paris!

Outdated interior but very friendly staff walking into the room

Great room and service A special touch for our honeymoon

Elegant Hotel with Very Small Dark Rooms We stayed at El Convento for two nights. The public areas of the hotel are elegant, and the staff friendly and helpful - although not well-trained or efficient. When we inquired about the message light on our phone going on the second morning that we were there, and us not being able to access the message (we were expecting a call from our son who was arriving later that day at the hotel), the day staff at the hotel was not at all quick to try solving the problem and took several hours trying to figure out the code to access the message (it should have been the arrival date, but wasn't) and finally determined that the message was an old message. They couldn't even figure out how to turn off the message light, so it kept on blinking. Finally, in the evening, the desk clerk knew exactly what to do, and fixed the problem in a few seconds.The first room that we were taken to was fairly large, but the air conditioner was obviously being worked on (part of the ceiling insulation was on the floor), and the bellhop immediately called the desk to assign us another room. That room was very small and dark - and not exceptionally clean. The time was getting close to midnight, and after a delayed flight and a time change of four hours, we just wanted to get to sleep.The wine and cheese hour was very nice with a nice selection of wines and cheeses.We love Old San Juan, and El Convento is in a very convenient location. We were able to walk to San Cristobal Fort and took the free trolley to El Morro Fort. The hotel is close to the only remaining city gate. It is also close to lots of shopping.Go to La Bombonera for breakfast (259 Calle San Francisco), and be sure to order a Mallorca. It's about a five minute walk from the hotel.

Loved the Drisco We just returned from a four night stay at this lovely boutique hotel. We thoroughly enjoyed staying in the Pacific Heights area, amongst mansions and away from the hustle and bustle of the city. Street parking was readily available - much better than paying the astronomical parking rates at the downtown hotels.The staff was very friendly, helpful, and responsive to all of our requests.Our family had three rooms - two of the rooms were on the lower level and worked well for our adult children and their toddlers. Their rooms were quite large. Our only caveat is to avoid Room 109. We were given that room, which was very large, but it turned out to be too noisy for us since it was off of the main hall, very close to reception, and we were kept awake by conversations of lots of people returning to the hotel in the late late evening. The following morning, we requested a change of room to a quieter location. This request was accommodated quickly and pleasantly. Our luggage was moved to the new room for us. We loved the second room, even though it was smaller than our original room. The beds were very comfortable, and the rooms nicely laid out - with lots of mirrors and good lighting. The expanded continental breakfast was excellent. It included oatmeal, cold cuts, cheeses, pastries, breads, and fresh orange juice. The coffee was excellent.In the evening, wine was available in the dining room. We were only able to take advantage of this on one evening, but we found that the wines served were very good.We highly recommend this boutique hotel, and will stay here again the next time that we decide to stay in San Francisco.

Excellent Small Hotel - With One Caveat Double Medium Room

Fantastic View, Great Location, Freindly The Balcony

Awful! Tiny! Horrible Area! Noisy! Graffiti! Homeless People EVERYWHERE!! SMACK DAP IN THE MIDDLE OF HOMELESS HAVEN!!! This hotel was smack dab in the in the dirty, noisy, drunken area of the homeless. In the valet, where we were told to leave our keys in the car, there were 2 street people right beside us looking through the dumpster! The rooms were so TINY! COLD! awfully painted, cold furnishings, hard bed, flat pillows - lets just say no romance was going to happen here!! We were getting away for a romantic getaway without the kids! Instead of picking a reuglar chain hotel, I thought of trying a sexy chic boutique hotel would be just the ticket! I went through web site, and found kensignton, diva, and metropolis. Thinking that staying right in the downtown core in and around theatres, shopping dining would be a good idea, we booked it for the entire 4 day-wknd - NOT! Promplty checked out went to Napa - Ahhhhh! Much better!!

Jen Hotel, Western side of HK Island We stayed at the Jen hotel from 04/03/2008 -14/03/2008. Our room was situated on the 21st floor and had a wonderful view across the harbour,we lay in bed watching the passing ferries and turbojets heading to Macau. The hotel was formerly the Novotel Century Harborview, it has undergone a major face lift and is very modern and clean. The hotel is located on the Western part of Hong Kong island, which is the old Chinese area, it is also home to the University and many HK citizens. The people who live nearby and work in the shops are very friendly.There is a Bank of China about four doors away. A great every day restaurant Tai-Saku about 10 doors down towards the water, which was frequented by locals, we had somewhat of a celebrity status after our 4th visit...great food for very little money.The housekeeper and the bellboy did a great job with our room and luggage. There is a shuttle bus which drops you off to the Macau ferry, Star Ferry, the bus/train station in Central and then on to Admiralty. We took two trips into China and did not worry about the extra time to get to the KCR In TST East, just enjoyed the Star ferry trip.There are still good bargains to be had at the lovely Stanley Market and the Lanes in Central.Victoria Peak is a must see as is Cafe Deco at the Peak and Simpatico, two good eateries. The taxis pull up at the front of the hotel and we used them many times, very cheap and convenient.I have recommened this hotel to my sister and her family who will be visiting Hk in Jan 2009. I would have no hesitation in returning to the Jen Hotel, it is a great value for money .

11 days in HK We stayed at the South Pacific Hotel from 07/03/2006-16/03/2006 and found our stay to be most enjoyable. The hotel is quite basic,with a bar fridge and kettle,very clean and well located in Wanchai,with shops (two good bakeries nearby) and Times Square an easy walk, transport is very close. The concierge, the doorman and the cleaning staff were very friendly and attentive.The twin bed room was more spacious than the double room, the beds are easy enough to push together.We would have no hesitation in returning to this budget hotel.

enjoyed and wud stay again we stayed 9 nov for 4 nights, having booked directly with the hotel, the staff where really helpful and when i emailed them prior to staying asking for some advice they responded straight away. during our stay they continued to be really helpful and always acknowledged us when we were coming and going.we stayed on the 3rd floor [which made me out of breath each time but i knew that when i booked it], the staff took our bags up and brought them down at the end of our stay. the room was nice, a fridge which was really useful because there is a amazing deli on the corner! a little noisy but so is everywhere in NYThe location, brilliant, subway on the corner on 14th and 8th [i so lov saying that it makes me sound as if i know what im talking about!], Greenwich village round the corner, nice walk to [20mins] to Times square etcBreakfast was lovely, very relaxed from 8-11 i think, breads [different one each day], muffins, donuts ect and smoked salmon for the bagels at the wend. the bfast bar was nice during the day as well, as there was coffee and biscuits throughout the day and plates and glasses if you wanted to eat take out [the deli was amazing and we couldnt miss the opportunity at least one night]overall really nice, what made in special the customer service and Charlie the Cat!

Great starting point to a beautiful city I booked this hotel through Trailfinders and after researching it on tripadvisor.com . Excellent location-just off Union Square-close to not only cable car stop but also Alamo car rental a 5 minute walk away. Chinatown in close proximity too.Small lobby but well staffed efficient reception and very informative trip service desk with adjoining small shopping kiosk.Rooms were fine-don't be put off by the fact there is no air-conditioning-the ceiling fans were fine.Also we expected it to be quite noisy at night-not at all-no problems. No coffee/tea makers in the rooms but in the lobby coffee and teas available around the clock-just help yourself and no charge. Also mouth watering cookies and muffins as well ! A jar of sweets-replenished daily-was also in our room. I musn't forget there is even a pillow menu-you can try different pillows to aid your sleep !Close by were excellent shopping and dining facilities. We had breakfast twice in the hotel-daily specials-all around $9. I've had better but it was very convenient.Staff throughout the hotel were very helpful without being in your face.I would thoroughly recommend this as an excellent base to explore this beautiful city and surrounding area-about 35 minute walk to Fisherman's Wharf so take a cab.

A bargain I booked a room in one of their periodic sales. I didn't get a confirmation as indicated online and only found out that they had taken my booking when I noticed it on my credit card statement. I then had to call the hotel to check what date I had booked.They admitted they had had problems with their booking system but as I on;y paid for a twin room who's complaining ? The hotel was great; lovely room with fridge and cold drinks as well as milk for teas and coffee and breakfast in a bag was a nice touch. We did eat in the restaurant too on a special 2for 1 deal but it was only ok. The Hoxguide in the room recommends some really nice places and Spitalfiels market is well worth a visit. The area is so so -we got a taxi back in the evening rather than using the tube but there again I'm a middle aged old f**t so not a risk taker. But I would certainly stay at the Hoxton again.

Gem in a quiet area. This hotel was booked for us by a theatre break website, so we didn't know much about it beforehand. However, we weren't disappointed. The hotel exterior is being renovated at present, so first impressions weren't great, but a fast, efficient, courteous check-in (rooms ready late morning) soon gave us confidence.Rooms on the fifth floor were clean, bright and comfortable. There's a new wi-fi flat screen with TV, radio, computer etc, but we didn't have time to play with toys.The music in the bar late night was mellow, drinks expensive, as ever, but we only had one.Breakfast was very pleasant, service good and a good choice of cooked breakfasts, cooked to order, not a buffet. There were comlimentary newspapers too. A nice touch.The only slightly negative point is that the hotel is a good half mile from any Underground station; useful to know if walking is a problem.

Nice stay at the Drake We stayed at the Drake 12/29-1/1/08. The location is wonderful. We took the Bart train over from the Oakland airport and the Bart station was just down the hill. The cable car to Fisherman's Wharf stops right in front of the hotel. If you come to shop Union Square is where you want to stay. The room was clean and the bed was the best hotel bed I have ever slept in. We arrived early and our room was ready. There were 6 elevators and they moved quickly. The only bad things I can think of were the limited TV channels and the dirty window. We will stay at the Drake on our next visit.

Great location, romantic hotel, easy to reach cruise terminal We stayed at this hotel before our meditaranean cruise. It was well located as we caught the bus from the airport to Piazzale Roma and only had to walk a short distance to the hotel. Then when we went to the cruise terminal we could either catch the shuttle bus - 5 mins from the Piazzale or walk (20 mins).We picked the hotel based on location and did not have expectations of the hotel. We were pleasantly surprised. The hotel was exceptional, the room (we stayed in the superior room, top floor) overlooked the grand canal, and was beautifully furnished. The staff were exceptionally helpful. Breakfast was lovely, and served on their sunny terrace.We wouldn't hesitate recommending this romantic hotel to anyone.

Dissapointed Just returned from a weekend in Florence, and booked this 4star hotel, we were bitterly disappointed, we were expecting a good hotel, the reception was great, but thats were it stopped, the rooms were dark, dismal, we only had a small window, near the ceiling, bathrooms were small, dark, we booked breakfast in the hotel at 15euro each, it was very overpriced, would certainly not recommend to friends, and wouldn't go back to this hotel. Very expensive.

Feels like home.... Just returned from a 6 night stay at Hostal Adriano. The staff was very helpful, the room was spotlessly clean, with a silent airconditioner. The room was immaculately cleaned and towels and sheets changed. The tiny bathroom did not bother me at all. It was clean, plenty of hot water and shampoo and soap supplied. The area around the hostal is full of shops, fashion chains and very good nightlife.The hostal is easily accessed by metro, but surely would recommend Aerocity to and from the airport. I would surely recommend this hostal to my friends.

Gross!!!!!!!!!!!!! My boyfriend and I stayed here for 7 days...and by day 2 we were ready to leave!! The beach itself is AMAZING, one of the nicest beaches we have ever been to. However, the hotel is the most disgusting trashy hotel I have ever stepped foot in. It is worse than an Econo Lodge. The rooms are dirty and gross. The staff acts like they do not understand English. The line to check in/out was chaos. The food was THE WORST I have ever tasted. I honestly lost about 6 pounds that week. The buffets have flies and birds all over the food. It was the dirtiest thing I have ever seen. The only restaurant with OK food was the Mexican and we did not even discover that until the last night. Please, please, please if you are at all classy and enjoy good food/service, do yourself a favor and do not book this hotel!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Lovely hotel, great staff Our family booked three rooms for a one night stay at the Aqua Coconut Waikiki. If we hadn't already made prior arrangements for a condo, we would have loved to have stayed longer. They did a great job with the recent renovation. The look is fresh, modern, sleek and clean. Even the smallish bathroom is renovated to maximize the use of space and light so you feel like it's much larger than it actually is. The bed was probably the most comfortable I've slept in for awhile. But what really sets this hotel apart is the staff. They are all warm, friendly and helpful - from the front desk staff to the housekeeping staff we encountered in the halls and elevators. They truly exemplify the spirit of Aloha.

Great stay at the Chancellor We stayed at the Chancellor for five nights in October as our younger sister and friend were running in the Nike Women's Marathon. The location of the hotel was excellent...Nike Village was set up in Union Square as was the start line. Even though the hotel was booked solid, probably due to the Oracle conference as well, our request of adjoining rooms was granted. All the staff we had contact with were so friendly and helpful. The free use of the computer was welcomed as we were able to do web check-in. Our rooms were great and we loved the pillow menu...also the fact the blanket was in between two sheets. We had breakfast most days in the hotel restaurant and it was very good food and service. Our only disappointment was that we did not get a chance to meet Wes Tyler...our shuttle arrived before he could get to the lobby. Oh well, maybe next time... if we return to San Francisco, we will definately stay at the Chancellor.

Better than expected! My experience at this hotel was much better than I expected. I had read a few bad reviews about this hotel before I went on holiday and I was expecting the worse but it was excellent. Nice welcoming reception, friendlyhelpful staff, clean, tidy room, powerful shower, good room facilities (hairdryer, t.v etc.) I would describe the room as a typical british travelodge room. nothing posh but standard. I would recommend any one staying here and I would feel confident returning to this hotel. It is also a great location - pretty central but not on a busy street and it is nice to walk outside the hotel straight onto a canal. We didn't have breakfast as we thought the price was pretty steep at 16 Euros and there were plenty of places around serving breakfast anyway.

Very Good Value Booked through Hotwire and paid $60/night, including all taxes and fees, for a large room with two queen beds and wi-fi. I did call and confirm directly with the motel, after booking, that our room was non-smoking and had two beds, rather than hope they got the Hotwire order correct. Plenty of parking. Desk clerk was very helpful at check-in. Room was clean but spartan, beds were comfortable but not exceptional. Plenty of hot water. Pool was very clean and inviting but we did not swim. Breakfast was plentiful (hard-boiled eggs, juice, milk, coffee, fruit, biscuits, pasteries, yogurt) but again, not exceptional. Overall, an excellent value for the area.

Average hotel at a great price My husband and I styed at the Intercontinental on what may have been the hottest Friday of the season for San Francisco (6/20). The hotel staff is friendly, but no more so than any other upscale hotel in the city. The hotel is located across the street from the Museum of Modern Art, yet no mention was made of the Frida Kahlo show going on there. It wasn't until we were leaving the city that I realized the show was even there. I would expect more from a hotel that (normally) charges so much and is RIGHT ACROSS from the museum. I got a screamin' deal from Hotwire though, and would stay there again if I were able to get another such deal ($129/night).

Perfect location With great reviews and a fabulous deal thru hotels.com, my husband and I opted to stay at the Affinia Dumont during our vacation to New York. I must admit, I expected a bit more. Check-in was a breeze, and all staff was very friendly, but I expected a little above and beyond after reading all the reviews.On the positive: great room size and loved the full-sized frig in the kitchen. Perfect location: a block away from a subway, half-way point between Wall Street and the museums, and close the the UN.Did I mention the super-friendly staff?Bummers: awful in-room coffee (as in any hotel) - with the horribly wasteful one-cup coffee maker, thereby impeding my ability to buy coffee grounds locally and brew my own. Lobby coffee was not available early (0630), either. We resorted to buying coffee from Guy Galland every morning (so much better than Starbucks). Our neighbors opted for coffee from room service.Another miss: I was hoping for some sort of summary of what was going on in New York that week. I've gotten something like this while in Toronto and Washington DC, and sort of expected it in New York. We did get a magazine telling us what was going on in the Fall, but I think a 1-page summary would have been a nice touch (and a way to generate revenue for the front desk for tickets to shows, etc).We'd stay here again, but not if we had to pay full-price. With some changes, though, they could move from Above Average to Excellent.

LOVED ITTTTT!!!! The Hotel was amazing! We stayied there for our honeymoon and totally loved it!The staff did everything they could to accomodate us. We stayied there for a total of 11 nights. They were the only hotel to offer breakfast FOR FREE! The rooms where beautiful, comfortable and CLEAN a little small but perfect! Every room had a balcony, and even if you booked the 'partial oceanview' it seemed like you got the 'ocean front'The pool is a little small but the beach is a 20 second walk.I would def. go back any day!!

Not bad for the $$$..... Just got back from New Orleans yesterday and stayed 5 nights at this hotel. Purchased on Hotwire for about $60/night, which was about what it was worth. When we first arrived we couldn't decide if it was charming or a dump. Yes, there was peeling wallpaper, burn marks on the blankets in our non-smoking room and a microwave circa. 1983, however it didn't smell and we finally decided that the room was decent, especially for the price. The close quarters make for a lot of outdoor noise with people coming and going all-hours of the night. Here are some tips/recommendations to make sure you have a plesant stay:1. Call ahead (like 2-3 weeks) to request a particular room. I called 2+ weeks in advance to reserve a room with two double beds. We did end up with a loft-style room, which worked out well. I was given a confirmation number when I called to request, so make sure to ask for one!2. Request a quiet room AWAY from the ice machine and the area where they set up for their breakfast. It was VERY noisy around 7:15am when they were gettting ice and putting up tables for the breakfast crowd. I would suggest something toward the backside of the building. (and bring earplugs, just in case.....especially if you're a light sleeper!)3. Don't plan on eating anything worthwhile at the continental breakfast. It's pretty worthless. However there are a few places 1-2 blocks away that serve breakfast (Le Madeline, Wendy's, Dunkin Donuts, etc.)4. We did NOT have to pay for parking in their lot! There is quite a bit of on-street parking anyway....not a big deal.5. The location was great! It is NOT a bad neighborhood at all! It is 1/2 a block from St. Charles and 1 block from the streetcar stop. Emril's Delmonico restaurant is 2 blocks away....and there are several other restaurants nearby as well. There is also a Walgreen's 2 blocks away.6. The staff preformed their duties. They definitely didn't bend over backwards for us, but were plesant in the few time we dealt with them.Go with few expectations and you will enjoy this hotel. For the price, and with what I know now, I would definitely stay here again. However, just remember....it ain't the Ritz! :-)

Lived up to it reputation Checked the reviews for this hotel before booking a last minute long weekend in New York and wasn't disappointed.Great location - within walking distance of the sights but in a quiet area. Bar frequented by locals and there are delis, pharmacies etc. on the doorstep.Studio room for three of us was spacious, clean, quiet and functional. Online Concierge service useful to book transport, pillows etc before arriving. Don't book a car back as it is much cheaper - $50 cheaper to get a taxi from outside the hotel.Will definitely book again.

Great Value in Waikiki We stayed 16 nights in the Diamond Tower-we booked the ocean view hotel room-the room was small and clean with an outstanding ocean view between the hotels in front of us-We have stayed here before in the Pali Tower Kitchenette Room-The Diamond Tower is less noisy and will definately stay here again-This hotel to me is such a bargain for those who want a simple room to sleep in-if you are fussy and want alot of amenities this hotel is not for you. I used to be a travel agent and after comparing many hotels at varying prices I really think the Castle Ocean Resort is a huge bargain. Our room only had a refridgerator so if you want more I would suggest staying in the Pali Tower.It is a3-5 minute walk to Waikiki Beach-on the side by the Zoo-there is an enclosed area that is great for families with children-Hope this helps-I know there are some bad reviews for this hotel but you'll get none from me-Aloha

Rude Rude Staff!! My daughter was married in Oahu last October 30th-she had called and made reservations for the hotel explaining she was staying with her parents in another hotel and would like to check in early on her wedding day-she was reassured this would not be a problem-she called again upon arrival in Waikiki and was once again reassured it would be fine-to make a long story short this did not happen-when she called the day of her wedding the staff on the phone were rude and said the room was not ready-after many hours she and I-her Mom-went over and once again just rudeness-I went back an hour or so later-two hours before the ceremony and sat and listened to the staff laughing about this situation-they of course did not see me until I sat up and asked to speak to the manager-Low and Behold her room was ready right there and then! I have never seen such rude,unfeeling staff anywhere-The rooms are kitchy but cute-which was bittersweet the way she was treated!!! I think it would have been better if she would have been advised to have gotten the room the night before but it was the reservationist who insisted it looked like there were plenty of rooms and that it should be fine.

Love Puerto Rico, ESJ a good enough choice Traded our Florida timeshare for the 2nd time in about 5 years to ESJ, our 3rd trip to PR. We like PR because it is a Real Place, with history,variety of landscapes and friendly proud people, not just built for tourists. Everywhere we went, including villages, looked fairly well maintained and prosperous.This time our unit #553 was like a hotel room with a small kitchen (apt. range, sink, full refrig, microwave, dishes for 4) Last time we had more space but in sight and sound of nearby airport. This time balcony overlooked ocean; well, actually rooftops and very noisy service area, but wide ocean view beyond.Double beds, lots of bamboo furniture with many drawers. Room had new looking blue/green pattern carpeting, peach colored walls, tropic colored bedspreads and drapes. Table and chairs for 4. As exchangers we had no maid service which suited us fine. Bathroom had separate bath and toilet space, large sink and vanity space with closet and adequate hangers. Small soaps, extra tissue. Paper towels and dish cloth thingy in kitchen but no detergent.Not much contact with personnel but what we had was efficient and pleasant. Key cards did not always work for access doors to beach and pool. Watch that tricky gate to beach. Have to set it just right, punch in numbers and move quickly. I and many others got caught in between like a monkey in a cage and had to wait for assistance, but got used to it. Beach beautiful and long around the coast, great for walking and sunning but not many people using it for swimming, except on a holiday while we were there, lots of local families..Before, we went to Luquillo Beach along the coast to the east, famous and beautiful but we did not get there this timeWe (senior citizens) enjoyed just sitting on beach, reading (chairs $2.14 daily, towels free) and sitting around the pool. Rented Corolla from Hertz,, found out at last minute that our home insurance did not cover PR so had to buy expensive insurance; therefore we felt obligated to make good use of the car. Went to El Yunque rain forest one day, our 3rd time, but they have built a really nice visitor's center since last time with exhibits and facilities. We drove only as far as the tower and climbed up for the view, did not penetrate any farther. Lovely weather all the time we were there this week, 84 degrees and very little rain. Drove into Old San Juan, finally found parking garage. OUr car was equipped with GPS and we really used it but not always understandable in city and mountain villages with one way streets and detours. Traffic seems much much heavier than our last trip. Roads are good and well marked but lots of traffic and delays, even on the four lanes. We walked the usual tourist route, El Morro etc, in Old San Juan, had lunch near the cathedral.Husb wanted to drive into the mountainous interior. From an article in Que Pasa maga zine we chose Barranquitas with lunch stop in Aibonito and programmed car to take us by scenic mountain routes. It was that all right, round and round and up and down, good well marked roads but narrow and curving. Beautiful scenery of mountains. Had lunch at Aibonito and returned, did not make it to Barq.As previous reviews, we returned nearly every night to our fav restaurant, Mi Casita, also ate at Chili's across street from ESJ entrance gate. Minimarket in ESJ is well supplied but expensive. We bought breakfast supplies. There is a grocery store next door to Mi Casita. El San Juan resort and casino next door was a Wyndam property last trip. Expensive restaurants which we did not use this time. Casino took our money and did not pay off as well as last time so did not spend as much time there. Seems to have been ritzier and dressier when it was a Wyndam.

Pretty much okay We stayed the night before taking Victoria Clipper to BC and again at end of week before flying home. HHonors member, chose because was Hilton and seemed to be reasonably located for us. Both nights, had room on 14th (lowest hotel floor, lobby is one floor down) . Rooms quite okay but ordinary and unmemorable, neutral decor, well lighted baths, king bed, slight view of waterfront over roof. Really like the new alarm clock/radios in the Hiltons, understandable and functional.About 10:30 the first night we were wakened by a terrible noise, like an air raid siren. It seemed to be coming from inside the wall over our door. Another guest came running in his pajama bottoms! I called the desk but it stopped while I was on the phone. Said would send someone up but never did. When we inquired at desk if this had ever happened before, they were politely mystified but not too interested. Said might be the plumbing??! Or the elevator?? Well, it's a mystery.There was a lobby and bar just off the checkin area. Looked pleasant but we did not linger there. Seemed strange and isolated with lobby on high floor . Heard other people complaining in elevator that it seemed so impersonal and not bustling like a city hotel should be. We paid lowest rates available on Hilton pay-in-advance website, big city prices but no ambience. Was satisfactory for our brief overnights but would not choose it for a longer visit.

Wunderful stay in a great hotel We stayed two days in this hotel for touristic reasons. We wanted to look around in Berlin, however we were here two yers ago, we stayed in the same hotel that time as well. We liked this place so much that we did not search for any other accomodation this time. We found an advantageous two days arrangement on the website which included breakfast, it was not a question whether to stay anywhere else.The rooms are spacoious, clean and has nice warm colours. The location is perfect for touristic and for business trips as well. The hotel is very nice, the staff is very kind, you will find even the finest details perfect here (free internet access, freshly made limonade in the lobby). Don't miss the breakfast, it is awesome. Have a nice stay at this hotel!

Great Place For Families Great hotel for tourist travel to DC, particularly with kids. Very family friendly. We were there for a week this June and found it to be a perfect location to see all the sights. We took cabs to the museums from the hotel and never paid more than $13 for the trip (with two per day, that comes to the same price as parking a car at the hotel). The included breakfast every morning is tasty and extensive and my son loved the managers reception every evening for snacks. I also can't say enough positive things about the staff. They were friendly and helpful with directions, flagging down cabs, and keeping the rooms and the grounds clean. The biggest downside to our stay is that we appeared to be there during school field trip season, so there were large swarms of somewhat unsupervised kids using the public areas. While this is a downside, it is certainly not the fault of the hotel. The Itallian restaurant in the hotel was very good, and there are a number of other restaurant options in easy walking distance of the hotel, through nice neighborhoods, including a number of embassies. Tip for tired sightseers - there are several local restaurants that will deliver to your room! We stretched a tasty Thai dinner out for two days. SInce the rooms are equiped with microwave and refridgerator, eating in the room is a reasonable option as well.

excellent bargain We stayed at the Bali Mandira two weeks prior to our wedding in Bali. We payed the extra 10 dollars for the upgrade to a deluxe cottage, and it was well worth it. The cottage itself was nothing special, not a lot of natural light came in, so it was quite dark and cold a lot of the time, however the bathroom was terrific! It was half enclosed, half open air, so you could stand in a little rockwalled shower, with tropical plants surrounding you and look up at the clear blue sky! Also included with the upgrade was access to the lounge area, which provided soft drinks and cakes free all day long, with a happy hour from around 5 to 7 with free cocktails - my husband was in heaven! The location is terrific - the beach is separated from the hotel by a pathway, however the beach itself was immaculate, a big change from the last time we stayed in Legian. Although you are only a short stroll from the main shopping streets, the hotel itself is very quiet. The two pools are fantastic, particularly the one on the roof top, and at nighttime, the candles on the tables that surround the other pool from the restaurant give it a really nice ambience. We were so happy with the Mandira, we will definitely stay there again.

A little disappointing We stayed here in April for our honeymoon after getting married at a villa elsewhere in Bali. We chose it as our honeymoon hotel based on reviews and star ratings in brochures, and to be honest we were quite disappointed. We had stayed at the Bali Mandira and the Bali Hilton prior to the wedding, and preferred both of the those to the NDBH. The rooms are quite small, particularly compared to the Hilton, the beach wasn't that great, the pools were cold, the lobby not that spectacular. On the plus side, the buffet breakfast was terrific, but not all that different to the others. Considering that both the Hilton and the Mandira were cheaper, we felt really let down, having spent more money on what we thought would be the better hotel for our honeymoon.

Impressive! We stayed at the Bali Hilton prior to our wedding in April this year. We were extremely impressed from the second the taxi pulled into the driveway. It is an enormous hotel, with lavish grounds and beautifully decorated lobbies, restaurants and rooms. We had a standard room but it was huge, immaculate and cleaned spotlessly every day. The grounds are terrific, with lagoons and bridges interconnecting everything. The breakfast that was included was awesome, and the location of the hotel was particularly convenient - just a short stroll to the main street of Nusa Dua for shopping and eating. The only downside in my husbands opinion was the pool. There is just the one, and it is in full sun with no shade, so it could be quite scorching - if you're like me and love the heat, then this is no problem. In general, we were very satisfied, as it is quite a good bargain for what you get - would definitely stay there again.

Do NOT Have Your Wedding Here!! Well we found this hotel through long internet searching. We planned for a small beachside destination wedding in Puerto Rico. We both have never been to the island and not sure what to expect. We then found and spoke to the wedding and catering sales manager, Marilyn at the Water and Beach Club. There she said not to worry about a permit for they have there own platform and quoted us a price. We were happy to have found a place that seemed to good to be true, that's because it was! After receiving her rate we sent our contract back to the hotel through air mail. She said that the canopy priced increased and because she had not received anything, this was the price to set. Ok, not happy about that but will get over it. Then THREE weeks before the wedding they tell me they can not do the beach side wedding without a permit. This permit was a non refundable extra $500.00. And still this permit may not have enough time to review and if it was denied we would still lose the $500.00. THIS IS AFTER THE CONTRACT HAD BEEN SIGNED AND ACCEPTED! This is very upsetting so close to the date and the worst part was they did not seem sympathetic at all or offer any compensation. After settling for the site on their terrace I ask for some compensation. After a week of not hearing anything from them, even after multiple emails and messages. I call the GM and he does not offer anything, we had to demand a free stay at there hotel for failing to live up to their contract. This was a small feat at which should have been easy for them to arrange and still that was a struggle. The worst is yet to come. When we arrive THE DAY OF Marilyn says the seating arrangement we had would not be able to comfortable seat the people we had in its original spot. So she offers 3 other sites within the hotel. After we choose another alternative, she then says we can not have the space due to THE POSSIBILITY THAT THEY HAVE PAYING PATRONS USE THE SITE FOR MASSAGES!!! Then after expressing my distaste in this hotel she says that I may use that site for an additional 250 charge. This hotel does not care at all about the thoughts and feelings of there guests!! A wedding is a special event and should be treated as so. Yet massages for other guest were more important then my dinner reception. These people falied to first know the limitations of their beach permits then treat me like it didn't matter to them how we felt about the situation. Not even to offer something to ease the situation. Even the GM did not give any consolation. I felt as if they cared only for the money they previously received and since they knew we couldn't leave after such short notice and took full advantage of that. DO NOT use this hotel!!

Would NOT recommend staying here! I had my destination wedding here and through that event had a terrible experience here at this hotel. But putting the event aside I wanted to inform readers of the actual hotel. Hotel is what people would label for male teenagers. The hotel is not what you could call comfy or classy. They had neon blue lights everywhere. Reminds me of a sleazy adult video set. The hotel has nice potential but needs remodeling and some definite cleaning! The conceierge and the front desk were nice but the upper managment carries the immpression that they do not really care to help you out in a situation with the hotel. The only thing this hotel has got going for them is the fantastic view of the ocean and being only steps away from the beach. I would not recommend this to families but is suitable for partying people only staying for a night or two. But the bar is so loud during the weekend and you can hear it all from your room. The regular rooms are small with hardly any closet space. But the suites are much roomier but not a good value for the price of the hotel. This is not a good place to stay for longer then a couple of days.

Great 3 star hotel could pass as a 5 star hotel! We honeymooned for a couple of days at this resort and could not have asked for a more relaxing time here. This resort was huge with a great golf course and spacious rooms. We did not use the royal sevices but still felt the service was excellent. One problem that we did have was the check in and check out times were considerably longer then we expected. They seemed to be short staffed and created a long wait for rooms and then again at check out. But after that the conceirge was excellent and proficient in making sure that we were comfortable. The rooms were large as well as the bathtub and all were immaculantly clean. And our beach view was excellent.The pool is luxiurious with a swim up bar and lots of room to be comfortable. The beach however is not so hot. This is not one that one would like to swim in. The sand is rocky and unpleasant without shoes and the man made beach was not something I would recommend to swim in. The lobby, and other common areas of the hotel were lavish and beautiful! Had an exotic feel in the evening with candles lit everywhere. The restaurant was beautiful but lacked the service at the outside terreace seating and the food at Tempo the italian rest was mediocre at best. But overall the experience here was wonderful and would def come back again!

great views We stayed here before a cruise in 2 rooms, 4 adults. Agesfrom 30's to 60's. Excellent location for cruiser's, you can walk right to pier 67. Lobby and rooms are more forest lodge decor while loungeand restaurant are very modern and interesting. Views from thelounge are great as you are right over the water. For those thatsuffer from mal de mar it could be a problem, but then it's agood precurser for your cruise.Rooms are small with fireplaces and some have city view whichare fine but not very scenic. Bathrooms are tiny but fully equipped and stylish.Nice amenities in bathrooms. Very clean, neat rooms. Service was friendly if not always accurate with information.It's a long uphill walk to restaurants and shopping. Seattle hasgood transportation system though.Be sure to visit the flight museum outside the city.

Rain or Sun..still alot of fun!! MY husband and I were at this resort Jan 17-24. With alot of research on the different resorts in Punta Cana, we decided to go with this one for many different but one important reason..The reason is and the main reason was it had a bit of everything to offer especially GOLF. My hubbie is addicted to golf and for me all i was interested in was a fab beach. Oh yes, not to mention the price was right as well!!We had a great flight from toronto. We left the cold and the best feeling ever was walking out of the plane in Punta Cana to feel the warmth. Got through the airport smoothly and off we were to find the bus to take us to the resort. That had to be the most confusing thing ever, We were told atleast 3 different numbers for the buses and they are all numbered. Each bus for eachresort. Finally we got to the bus and went on. All the other buses were leaving and there we were sitting there with no idea as to why we have not left. Long story short...I still dont know to this day,but lets jsut say it took much longer then it should have. Finally we were on our way. Its a very short bus ride to the resort. Upon arrival to this resort I was completely impressed with the open, bright lobby! We checked in and within 10 minutes we got our keys to our room. The staff took our bags and placed them into the cart. I WAS SHOCKED that they took our bags, but hey what about us? Where is our room? Oh yes, one thing I did not like was the fact we had to attempt to find our room on our own. It was interesting to find our villa as I forgot to m ention that we arrived late night. The resort is brightly lit, however if u dont know where u r going, it can be a fraustrating why to start off. FINALLY got to our room 3127. Walked in and once again I was shocked to see the state of the room...one word to explain the room...PERFECT! Very bright,large and most importuntly CLEAN! The shower and the toilet where in the same room, and the 2 sitter bathtub was on the otherside from where the shower was. I was super excited to see how nice the rooms were as the other half and I have had some horrible experiences in the past. We decided to drop our things and make our way through the resort to see whats where and find something to eat. No problems, th hubbie found some hotdogs and we then found the casino. Lets just say we were not so lucky to win anything.To get to the point of my thoughts of this resort, I will list everything good and bad briefly:**PRO***-Clean and spacious rooms-A ceiling fan to keep u extreamly cool and comfy-Fab and clean beach with tons of chairs. To get a hut,must go super early to place ur towels downs. Not a big deal if u dont get one,very breezy cominbg from the beautiful blue ocean-Swimming pool another beauty,large and veryy clean. Lots of chairs so there is no issue. The bar is near by and does not take long to get a cold drink-We had some rain durning our trip and was stuck under a tent by the pool to keep dry. The staff were there,ready to get the party started regardless of the weatgher. This is loved the most. -Pool side restaurant..AMAZING!! The best pizza ever,all the soda's and beer u wish to have. All u can eat at this place..try the icecream, one thing I did not but heard its great!-U have choices between 4 different restaurants, which unfortuntly we did not go as the main reason is I AM A PICKY EATER. We did eat every day breakfast dinner. I am notsure if there can possibly be anyother person out there as picky as I am...so dont worry about the buffet. U forsure will find something to your liking!-the grounds of the resort was sooooo clean and inviting!-majority of the staff were always smiling and saying hello. The odd ones some interesting personalities if I can put it that way!Well as u can see no cons to right. I highly recommend this resort. Remember, u go with a positive attitude something good always comes ur way. U go negitive, well then u mine have well stayed home to complain!

Absolutely fantastic! My new husband and I had the opportunity to stay at the Hilton Hawaiian Village for our honeymoon from January 5th through the 12th of this year. I must say, after reading some of the reviews on this resort, I was extremely anxious to arrive to either confirm or deny the comments of other travelers. I am happy to report that our stay at the resort was met with pure optimism and an amazing experience.We arrived at the Hilton late in the evening on a Saturday after a long flight from New Jersey. My parents are Hilton Grand Vacation Club members, and were gracious enough to give us their timeshare for our honeymoon as a wedding present. Therefore, we stayed in the Lagoon Tower. When we got off the shuttle, our bags were taken immediately to our hotel room without hesitation nor pressure to be tipped. We were guided to our tower and immediately checked in without any problems. I had heard on this site that the resort was currently under construction in certain areas, which is true. However, we were lucky to be placed in a room on the 14th floor facing the lagoon and the ocean. We had a fantastic view from our room, where we were able to see almost the entire resort as well as the water. The room was very clean, as well as the balcony. My only complaint concerning the room was the bathroom, where I was expecting a separate tub and shower after staying in other 1 bedroom condos through Hilton in the past. However, this is not a necessity.The places to eat in the resort can be very expensive. However, with the location of the Hilton being in the midst of Waikiki, dining options are endless outside of the resort. I would recommend dining at Bali at the Sea in the Hilton, due to the quality of both the service as well as the food. It isn't cheap, but if you go at 6pm Monday through Thursday, ask for the Sunset Dinner Special, where you receive a special menu with dining entrees at a reduced price. As for the resort itself, it has absolute character and appeal. I found it to be absolutely beautiful, whether you were at the beach or on the sidewalk on Kalia Rd. The service was fantastic. We were always greeted whether we were arriving or leaving our tower in the resort. Questions were always addressed on the spot and handled accordingly. I would definitely recommend this resort for couples despite past reviews saying it is more family oriented. Vacations are what you make out of them. Yes, there were families with small children at the resort during our stay, but in no way did it hinder our awesome experience.If you're looking for an active honeymoon full of activity as well as relaxation, the Hilton Hawaiian Village will provide just that.

Great Honeymoon! My new husband and I had the opportunity to stay at the Hilton Hawaiian Village for our honeymoon from January 5th through the 12th of this year. I must say, after reading some of the reviews on this resort, I was extremely anxious to arrive to either confirm or deny the comments of other travelers. I am happy to report that our stay at the resort was met with pure optimism and an amazing experience.We arrived at the Hilton late in the evening on a Saturday after a long flight from New Jersey. My parents are Hilton Grand Vacation Club members, and were gracious enough to give us their timeshare for our honeymoon as a wedding present. Therefore, we stayed in the Lagoon Tower. When we got off the shuttle, our bags were taken immediately to our hotel room without hesitation nor pressure to be tipped. We were guided to our tower and immediately checked in without any problems. I had heard on this site that the resort was currently under construction in certain areas, which is true. We were lucky to be placed in a room on the 14th floor facing the lagoon and the ocean instead of that. We had a fantastic view from our room, where we were able to see almost the entire resort as well as the water. The room was very clean, as well as the balcony. My only complaint concerning the room was the bathroom, where I was expecting a separate tub and shower after staying in other 1 bedroom condos through Hilton in the past. However, this is not a necessity.The places to eat in the resort can be very expensive. However, with the location of the Hilton being in the midst of Waikiki, dining options are endless outside of the resort. I would recommend dining at Bali at the Sea in the Hilton, due to the quality of both the service as well as the food. It isn't cheap, but if you go at 6pm Monday through Thursday, ask for the Sunset Dinner Special, where you receive a special menu with dining entrees at a reduced price. As for the resort itself, it has absolute character and appeal. I found it to be absolutely beautiful, whether you were at the beach or on the sidewalk on Kalia Ave. The service was fantastic. We were always greeted whether we were arriving or leaving our tower in the resort. Questions were always addressed on the spot and handled accordingly. I would definitely recommend this resort for couples despite past reviews saying it is more family oriented. Vacations are what you make out of them. Yes, there were families with small children at the resort during our stay, but in no way did it hinder our awesome experience.I must say that I'd been monitoring the progress of the construction around the Lagoon Tower since reading reviews about this in the summer, but for the most part the construction has pretty much passed. The lagoon itself is completed and gorgeous. The Grand Waikikian, which is the new tower in the resort, is diagonal and behind the Lagoon Tower, so it does not create an eye soar. If you book the timeshare for a week in Hawaii, do yourself a favor and request for a room with a lagoon view. Mention that your vacation is a special occasion of some sort (i.e. honeymoon, anniversary, significant birthday celebration...anything), and this will increase your chance of having a room with a view. If you're looking for an active honeymoon full of activity as well as relaxation, the Hilton Hawaiian Village and Lagoon Tower will provide just that! Enjoy!

We had a very nice experience at the Inn at the Market! We stayed at the Inn at the Market over a long Labor Day weekend. I've read a lot of mixed reviews on the Inn and all I can say is we had a really nice experience there.We're not big on paying a lot for a view in any hotel room because we just don't spend that much time in our room so we opted for a city view. We were in room 408 and it has a view of the courtyard that you walk through as you enter the hotel. For a view of the water, we were very satisfied with simply going up to the 5th floor deck where you had an unlimited view of Elliot Bay, Mt. Rainier, the waterfront and everything you'd see if you had a water view room. We took so many pictures from the deck and just stood there and admired the view. It was a nice place to strike up a conversation with other guests and overall, a nice place to escape the hustle of the Market area below.Our room was lovely and spacious and we saw no signs of any of the wear and tear that some reviews have mentioned. The bathroom in our room was the size of a small bedroom! And one thing I really loved about the bathroom was the shelving unit available for us to put our bathroom things on. Every hotel should offer this so that you don't have to live completely out of your suitcase or have a thousand things on the back of the toilet simply for them to be handy.The tempurpedic bed got a mixed review. I had no issues with it and found it quite comfortable. My husband...not so much. He would have liked a firmer mattress and he said he felt as if he was sleeping on his head the entire time. Overall though, it was fine.We don't normally make a lot of use of concierge services, etc. and we're not big users of room service either so I can't speak a lot about that. We did order dessert through room service one night and it was very nice. For breakfast, we went to the Market Bagel shop over on 1st Ave. (about 1/2 block south of the hotel) for a very inexpensive breakfast a couple of days. One day we walked a few blocks to a nearby coffee shop (no, not Starbucks...we avoided corporate coffee), Cafe Ladro. VERY good coffee and pastries and worth the 6 or 7 blocks to walk.Dinners were mostly eaten in and around the Market area. We can highly recommend Shiro Sushi (again, within easy walking distance) and it was highly recommended to us by one of the front desk staff. (Just a tip: Ivar's is so overrated don't waste your time. We live in the Midwest and we've had fish here that was so much better than that Long John Silver's knockoff.)The Market area itself is a zoo. If you don't like walking into people/crowds in general, you'll go nuts here after a couple of days. Granted, we were there over a holiday weekend and during the last day of Bumbershoot but even after that ended, it was still nuts. It really wasn't the crowds that got to us so much as the buskers (annoying with a capital A and basically everywhere you turn) and the seemingly endless supply of insane people. That was our biggest takeaway from Seattle: is every third person on the street insane? Not that we ever felt threatened, quite the contrary. But we had people just randomly yell at us (and everyone else around them), hiss at us like a cat, skateboard by us singing a song about Chairman Mao...it seemed to never end. I guess you can call it free street theatre.The Inn is in the midst of all this and we were definitely at the heart of all the action. The bell staff was incredibly friendly, the front-desk staff was helpful, the room was very nice, the location was tourism ground zero. Not really sure how we could have improved on the experience. (Oh and it was sunny and 68 every day we were there! So much for the Seattle drizzle experience!) Honestly if I had one complaint it would be the TV channel selection. There are about 20 channels, half of which are sports, the other half local government and news. Boring, boring, boring. But again, we don't go on vacation to watch TV. But if you're looking for something interesting to watch as you fall asleep...good luck to you my friend.If we were going back to Seattle and wanted to stay in the city itself, I wouldn't hesitate to go back to Inn at the Market.

Like coming home only better... We just returned from spending the past week at the Royal Palms and there simply aren't enough good things to be said about our visit.From the moment we arrived, we were greeted by an amazingly friendly, warm and caring staff who went out of their way to make us feel welcome. Our first contact was with Tony, one of the valet attendants, who opened our doors, introduced himself and thereafter, always knew us by name. (This was a trait of everyone we met on the property...it was as if we were staying with friends who always greeted us this way.) He took care of our luggage while we checked in and then gave us a tour of the property and then showed us to our room.We splurged on a deluxe casita and it was well worth it. The room was beautiful, but then again, what isn't beautiful at the Royal Palms? The only other place we have seen that was so completely visually appealing was a resort we stayed at in Tahiti. Obviously very different environments but beauty is beauty no matter where it's found. The entire property makes you feel like you are living in a lovely, watercolor painting. The colors of the buildings and flowers and artwork all make for a serene and soothing atmosphere which you find yourself melting into very quickly.The casita was beautifully decorated and very roomy. We had a private patio in the back with a view of Camelback Mountain. We had our own patio in the front as well (there are curtains you can let down to increase the feeling of privacy) where we sat and enjoyed the lovely evenings. The bathroom is a slice of heaven. The huge, walk-in shower with built-in, tiled seating is a spa treatment in itself. And the selection of soaps and lotions that are provided are wonderfully luxurious.We can't offer enough praise to everyone, and we mean literally EVERYONE, who works there. Everyone is so happy and I don't mean in a freakish Disney/Stepford way. It's as if everyone there is absolutely thrilled to be doing their jobs and in finding ways to make you feel content and welcome. We never heard a raised voice, saw a scowling face or felt as if we weren't the most important guests there.The food in the restaurants is wonderful if just a little pricey but then again, you're paying for unsurpassed quality and service. T. Cook's serves marvelous meals and the Cabana Grill has wonderfully casual lunches (and breakfast brunch on Sundays) and poolside drinks. The poolside service is unsurpassed and again, Rick and Jose (I can't say enough good things about the two of you either!!!) make you feel as if you're visiting their home. And by the joy they demonstrate when doing their jobs, it's no wonder you feel that way.We didn't use the spa but we visited the boutique area and it was beautiful as well and also well stocked with a wide assortment of spa products.On our last night there, we had the privilege of attending the General Manager's reception in the Presidential Villa (where President Bush had stayed just 2 weeks prior...regardless of your politics, it's pretty cool to know you're standing in the bedroom where a world leader has recently slept!). Our wonderful friend Jose was there and we also had the joy of meeting Greg Miller, the GM, Rick Behr, Delores (I hope I spelled your name correctly!) the Director of Experiences, and Gregory Casale, the head chef. They were all entertaining and charming and we had lovely drinks and hors d'oeuvres which made for a great send-off on our last night. We were truly sad to leave them, in fact when we left to go back to our casita, Jose made a point of stopping us and letting us know what a pleasure it had been to have us stay with them. It felt so much like saying good-bye to a friend that we hugged him before we left.My husband had seen the resort on Great Hotels on the Travel Channel but could not remember the exact name of the resort. Since we had never been to Phoenix before, that meant we had to search through every other high-end resort property before he recognized the Royal Palms from its pictures. Even after having looked at all those other properties, we just had a feeling about the Royal Palms and we couldn't have been happier to have made the choice we did. There will be no other place for us to stay on any future visits to Phoenix. Why would we? Coming back to the Royal Palms would be like coming home.And as a testament to the commitment to service and care the Royal Palms offers, look at the negative reviews of any of the other comparable resorts. Do you see any responses from those properties' management? No. And in the scant negative comments I've seen about the Royal Palms (both of which seemed to come from completely unreasonable people in my opinion), they took the time to respond and see if they could make things right. That says it all to me.This is the finest property in Phoenix, hands down. I don't need to stay anywhere else to know that. Thank you to everyone at the Royal Palms who made our stay with you an absolute joy. We will be back!!

Excellent Start This hotel was an excellent start to our 2 months of travel in US and Canada. We stayed with them for 3 nights from 4 June and, despite it being a large, corporate hotel, all the staff were very friendly and helpful (extra brownie points to the lady in the Gift Shop who doubles as the Concierge for going the extra mile). Our room was large, well furnished and well maintained and our pre-travel request of a room high up and overlooking the bay had been granted. We made the mistake of picking up our car at the airport on arrival and thought the hotel's car parking charge was unreasonable. We didn't like the polystyrene cups on the drinks tray either, but found that they were used by a lot of hotels on our travels. If you're a tea drinker, then take your own. Apart from those 2 niggles, we enjoyed our stay at the Holiday Inn Golden Gateway as it was very central and we were able to walk to most places.

All Expectations Met, and Then Some! Living Room

Jan. 2008 trip From Resort lobby

JAN 2008 TRIP View from our balcony

Fantastic location and good value for money What a great place to stay if you're looking for somewhere in the Back Bay area. Close to transport links including both Back Bay station (fifteen minutes walk) and the subway (Symphony is the closest stop and about five minutes walk), this hotel is great if you're looking to save money and see all Boston has to offer.The only disadvantage is that there was no restaurant when we were there, so sadly the convenience of BB was out, but it does benefit from being close to several restaurants and a mall, which all serve great breakfasts! Plus, a twenty minute walk takes you in the direction of the main shopping area and the common which has a lot of choice.The rooms are clean and decent sized and the staff on reception were friendly. If you want something wallet-friendly then I'd give this a shot- don't expect luxury but it certainly is quality.

Fantastic location and great value! We booked this hotel for a city break through the 'Euro Star' website and what a bargain it proved to be! The location is ideal in terms of access to the subway and walking in the local area, and the hotel itself was charming and very clean. The staff were very helpful too and the rooms were comfortable and spacious. I would recommend this hotel to anybody looking for a city break in Paris as it is great value, close to amenities and the continental breakfasts were great- particularly the croissants! Yum!

Hidden Jewel Convenient loc, clean, safe rooms very affordable. Very helpful staff (great restaurant recommendations). The free parking, fridge microwave were bonuses too. We would stay there again!

Don't Bother! It continually went downhill. The room we got was dated, small smelled from all the air freshener for smokers. (we had asked for non-smoking) Afer leaving the door open, it was still so bad I insisted they change our room. That one wasn't much better but didn't smell. When we took showers, it was intermittent Hot then Cold - never just right. We found nothing we read on the internet that said it had all these features, amenities, more - they must have stayed elsewhere. It is a great location for touring Fishherman's Wharf (insist on a room away from the street if noise bothers you). For 1 night maybe but our advice is spend a little more stay somewhere else - you'll be much happier!

Good pick for times sq area The Westin is in a good location if you need to be in Times Square (which i don't advocate). The room was a typical Westin - generally clean, average amenities, nice bathrobes and towels. This Westin had particularly thin walls - and i surely heard loud and clear noises that I did not want to hear. Ipod alarm clock would have been nice, but didn't work and I couldn't set the alarm. The front desk staff were very nice, the folks at 0 were rude.In general, just another stay in a new york hotel

So lucky to find London Bridge! I chose London Bridge Hotel because of the great rates- 99 pounds a night and the great reviews on tripadvisor.com. The hotel proved to be excellent from check-in to check-out.I arrived in London on a 6am flight. I had alerted LBH that I would be arriving early and requested early check-in. Upon arrival, the hotel staff let me in and checked me in quickly. This was most appreciated since I hadn't slept on the way over.Upon entering the room I noticed that it was small, but comfortable (with plenty of space to move around). The bed was huge, covered with pillows, a nice duvet, and very cushy though it felt as though it had had some wear. The flat screen tv was nice as was the minibar. I also appreciated the in-room safe and closet space. I also had a dresser which came in handy during my stay.Another huge perk to the hotel was that it was very close to London Bridge Station. (A two minute walk). I often returned to the hotel late at night and at times got a little disoriented (using the different tube exits). Nevertheless, the area was quiet and seemed safe so no worries about wandering a few extra minutes to get my bearings. Another great thing about the area was that LBS connects very easily with other tube lines. I could always be where I needed to be in only a few stops. This hotel was extremely central though quiet- just outside of the hustle and bustle.As this was a short trip packed with London walks and visits with friends, I never seemed to make it to breakfast which was included with my rate. Still, the hotel was a welcoming place each evening. Magazines and newspapers were always handy and a staff member always on hand. I never required much help from concierge or reception, but the one time I had some questions, I was struck by the Spanish receptionist's willingness to help me, even provide me more information than expected (I never expect that level of service). In terms of any problems with my stay, I noticed that my toilet handle didn't seem to want to flush. It worked well enough so that I did not have to bother maintenance. Still, I received a letter from the hotel (today in fact) thanking me for my good feedback as well as a note that they would look into the toilet handle to make any necessary repairs. I always appreciate follow-up to concerns and compliments. Rarely do hotels make this contact, but when they do, it is forever appreciated. Just writing about the hotel makes me want to go back. I am sure I will not forget this hotel and should I have a chance to come back to London I will check LBH first.

Loved the Amrey Amrey Diagonal Bedroom

The Best in Boston Lenox Hotel

Loved the Bali Intercontinental Club Having just returned the the Club InterContinental Bali and read a review from an American complaining about the service. From the time we were met at the airport and escorted VIP style to the Airport Lounge and then to our car and finally to the Hotel, we found the service perfect. The Club Lounge is a peaceful air-conditioned oasis in the heat of the Bali sun. Every single one of the Butlers was extremely helpful, polite and and always knew our names. Nothing was too much for them. I am disabled, and they even insisted on filling my plate from the buffet after I had chosen the food and placing it on my table. Not just Yoga, but all the Butlers were very hepful, pleasant and charming, as were the managers of the Club.The food in the Club Lounge was not Cordon Bleu but baring in mind the heat, we could only eat small portions. Also the fact that you received breakfast, lunch, afternoon tea, canapes, cocktails and supper we thought the extra we paid was very good value.We too had noise from the renovation works, but we learnt to ignore it.We would go back to the InterConti Bali tomorrow if we could. All the guests we spoke to, said the same. It is a lovely hotel and the management is superb.

Love it!!! After looking through the reviews and sample pics here, I decided to book us at this place for a romantic weekend in HK. The booking experience was pleasant through the website and got the best rate I could find - cheaper than asiarooms.com and asiatravel.com. You will get an answer to your query within 4 hours, no matter what time you send it. We got a free upgrade too when we got there!We got there late at night and was very impressed by the room and the service. The staff are kind enough to hail a cab and give instructions in the local language and are helpful with anything you may need. I had some tiny trouble with my internet connection at the room but they solved it right away. The lobby, main reception area and rooms are very tastefully modern - nothing tacky in this place, not even the huge green wall at the foyer. The corner room we got [2108] was lovely and had more than enough space for us. The bed was just one of the most comfy I've slept in in a long while. They are a bit short though, for a girl who is 5'10 and a boy who is 6'4 - his feet were hanging off the bed. We like a pretty basic breakfast and we got what we needed at the hotel buffet - it was perfect considering we really went to town with dining in HK. With all of that it's a great location. Luxury shops like Chanel and LV are just around the corner, the MRT is nearby on foot and there's a tiny bar that serves Hoogaarden on tap, ten steps away! Everything just melts away when you're inside Lanson. It's quiet, peaceful and beyond lovely. Will definitely stay here again when we come back to Hong Kong.

Great hotel; fab location! Just returned from a weeks stay in the Affinia Dumont and we were delighted with the location of the hotel and the friendliness of the staff. The rooms are large by NYC hotel standards with the kitchen an added bonus. The real beauty of the Affinia is its location, 10 min walk to Macys, Empire State, subway 5 min and a great variety of bars restaurants in the immediate vacinity. We were definately impressed with the Affinia and plan to stay there again on our return to NYC. If there was one thing I was not pleased with its that I had contacted the hotel in advance to request a high room. However we were disappointed to discover that we were in a lower floor were not given the option to change during our stay. The receptionist merely shrugged his shoulders when we asked. I had explained in the email that this trip was a special occasion it would have been nice to see our request had been dealt with.However, this did not affect our stay too much overall we were delighted with the rest of the staff of the hotel who went out of their way to be helpful particularly the door staff.

Fantastic Location What a brilliant hotel, right in the centre of Barcelona. 4 of us stayed at this hotel for 3 nights the staff were so helpful and always there on hand when you needed them. The rooms were very clean, modern and suited our needs. Just a few minutes walk from Las Ramblas, which we found very expensive to have a snack and a few drinks, better sticking to the restaurant at the top of the street near the hotel. The hotel was very handy for the tour bus, and we also went on the Catamaran tour of Barcelona. Lovely city and would return and stay at this hotel.

Good value for the price Despite some reviews on this site, I found the St. James to be basic, but chic, spacious, and close to what I wanted to see.I found the price to be a great value as the streetcar was only two blocks away, casino and waterfront a few short blocks away, and the French Quarter also a short walk.Our room was very large- with two very large windows looking onto the busy street below, two large beds, a coffee area with mini fridge, full desk, and large bathroom. The front desk helped us book a ghost tour, and helped us check in when we arrived quite late, around 1:30am! I would stay here again.Tip: There's an adorable court yard right next door where you can meet up with other guests, wait for a cab, or just relax for a minute.

WONDERFUL! Can't wait to return!! View of Cayena

Great Hotel Excelent Hotel with clean, comfortable and spacious rooms. Great service through highly personable staff. Provides free airport shuttle, cable tv, breakfast daily, newspapers and high speed internet access.Close to Miami airport.15 mins from Dolphin Mall20 mins from Biscayne Bay20 mis from Coral Grove 30 mins from South Beach35 mins from Bal HarbourYou WILL enjoy your stay!

No repeat visit to Bavaro Princess in Punta Cana We selected this resort based the idea of an all suite hotel with many restaurant options.... The rooms were set up as suites, but lighting very poor, with no lights over by sofa and easy chair! Towels were thin and rough.Aside from the beautiful grounds, spectacular beach and lovely pool, there is not much else to give this hotel the 5star review which Apple Vacations gave it.I agree that the food was not good although we were lucky and did not get sick! The animation team wore shirts claiming they are fantastic...that is a joke. Very little effort was made to engage the hotel guests in any of the daily activities and the evening entertainment was Fair at its best, and at times in poor taste. This is our 4th visit to an all inclusive resort and of all, we rated this our least favorite. I wish I would have checked reviews before booking our trip.

would definitely go there again We just came back from a wonderful stay at this resort. We agree with previous reviewers that the El Patio restaurant buffet was better than the one ala carte restaurant we tried so we did not venture to try any other.The food was always of a wide variety and there was something to suit any taste. I especially loved the way vegetables were prepared and the abundance of them. This is the first of 4 all inclusive resorts we visited where I did not have to go out very early in the morning to reserve shaded lounge chairs. There are sooooo many beautiful palm trees to park your lounge chair under and if you can't find one, the beach boys will help you. Lots of sunny space and chairs on beach too. Animation team was good but did not go out of their way to engage vacationers in the scheduled activities. Evening programs were a nice variety with the exception of the MISS show which we thought was in very poor taste for several reasons (sexual comments and violence implied). The room was always immaculate and maid always left some fancy decoration with flowers.Only updating we would suggest would be new bedspreads. We did not get the feeling that hotel and beachstaff was seeking tips. In fact the times we did try to tip we found often the waiter would quickly move on before you could give him /her the tip. At no time did we experience any unpleasantness among the staff who was always very friendly. Grounds,outdoor seating options were just beautiful and we loved the evening lounge entertainment. Beach area was what we expected...wide, beautiful. Men be prepared to wear long pants every day for dinner in the buffet restaurant.we saw one guest turned away because he was wearing shorts...ala carte restaurants did not require long pants which we found different from other all inclusives. Also, although the electric outlets are for 120V...my curling iron plug did not fit...had to ask for an adapter plug at front desk (5$deposit) .With a little muscle power my husband did get plug to go in the adapter, which then fit in the wall outlet. One final suggestion, if you are going to consider any excursions, try the half day outback safari...it was well worth the price. We hightly recommend this resort.

not worth the money, stay away I stayed with my family at Caribe Club Princess first week of December of 2007. I traveled with my husband (we are both 28), our 3 year old son and a couple in their 40s. We were tight on the budget and were not planning a vacation last year, however when I saw the Carible Club Princess deal I jumped on it with no hesitation. We arrived at the hotel from the airport few minutes after noon and were told that the room will be rady at 3:00. We decided to grab something to drink, I ordered pinacoladas and mohitos at the lobby bar, they were the worst drinks I have ever tasted. Both drinks were not made with fresh fuits and mint, but some artificial green syrup. Finally at three we went to get our room key, we were supposed to pick it up at the entranceto one of the hotel buildings. It took us 20 minutes in line, were all we were breathing was sewer, it was discusting.Our room was ok, nothing special, just a standard hotel room, bathroom was ok too. There was iron, hair dryer and remote control in the room. If you want to use the safe, you need to ask for a key at the front desk during check-in, and they are going to charge you around $25 during your check out. food: we went to two specialty restaurants, chinese and italian. Italian was good, the desert was delicious!, the chinese however, was really bad, but the desert was excellent if you like fried ice cream, if yougo there for the food you will be really disappointed, if you like fried ice cream then I recommend it highly. After these two we decided to try the main buffet for dinner and it was not bad at all. The food was exactly the same as at the specialty restaurants becasue they have a different theeme night every day, one day its mexican food, then italian, chinese and so on. There was something for everybody, the desers were good also.Drinks and Bars: bad, bad, bad no matter how much you tip. they might give you more alcohol but the way they mix the drinks is horrible. Pinacolatas were bad, mohitos, mamahuanas, miami vice, cosmo, dirty monkey, it did not matter what you ordered, I asked them for a slumer after everything else failed, they did not even know what it was ?! so if you are a drinker bring your own alcohol or stay awayEntertainment: bad, unprofessional, silly shows. The evening entertainment at the theater was not good. Very amateur, bed costumes, bad jokes , bad music. I love to attend these evening events and this was the first hotel that I did not like and first hotel that did not have a Michale Jackson showService: service was ok, rooms were cleaned nicely, the towels were always there, the waiteres were quick to clean up the table and every one was very friendly and nice, easpecially to the kids, I liked thatresort area and beach : beach was nice, huge waves, maybe it was just the season, we were always able to find a beach chair.Towels, however, was a problem, if you did not get them first thing in the morning, then you had to wait until 12 for the secod batch. There are few pools in the resort area, all vere nice, water was warm and clean ( except for the swim up bar).Overall I do nto recommend this hotel. We have traveled to PuntaCana twice before and stayed at the riu resorts, which were excellent. We have never stayed at a 5 star hotel. Riu Cancun in Mexico was the best hotel we ever styed in, so we are not not picky when it comess to accomodations or food, we try to travel on a budget, but if somebody was offering me to stay at this resort again for free, I would not go.

Avoid At All Costs We booked our reservation six weeks in advance, requesting the quietest room possible. We were given a room in the front of the hotel, facing a frontage road, next to a major freeway. The traffic noise didn't stop all night. Plus, the room was next to the elevator and the vending machines. This is a quiet room?!At checkout, another guest was complaining because the toilet in their room didn't work, and they had to go to the lobby to use the restroom. They had complained, someone fixed it, and it didn't work all night. Plus, there was a boom box blasting in the room next to them which they complained about, and management did nothing to help them.Don't even consider staying at this place. Drive right by.

very nice hotel This hotel is in a very good location close to the main street, shops and restaurants. It is also very quiet. They have excellent breakfast buffet. I stayed in many hotels that offered breakfast, but this was by far the best. The stuff is very helpful and nice. Service was also great. I would stay there again. This was probably the best hotel experience I had and I stayed there for a month.

Beautiful weather, beautiful grounds, but... We arrived Tuesday of Thanksgiving weekend. Our room in the Paradise wing was adequate but nothing special. There was a communal balcony and the bathroom lacked counter space and certain amenities. Breakfast the first day was served cold. We spoke to the front desk about these dificiencies.I must say that on Wednesday, service improved even though the hotel became quite full. The grounds are magnificent, as well as the activities available. The pool was well kept and was enjoyed by many families and children.

We enjoyed our long weekend at the Handlery ... Bathroom ... very simple

Just what we expected! I booked this hotel after reading your reviews. Was a bit nervous as I was arranging the trip for myself and a French friend who might be critical but we were both delighted. The hotel is near to the Metro and to RER station Haussman-Lazare from Gare du Nord Magenta. We had large quiet room number 11 on first floor at rear of hotel, no view but lovely large bathroom with lots of character. Rooms spotless and towels changed every day. Dining room is small but pretty and lots to eat but you can have breakfast in your room at no extra cost, this is customary in Paris hotels apparently. The staff were friendly, my friend's French no doubt helped, she said that few of the staff were actually French although I couldn't tell from the accent.We had a super meal at les Deux Theatres restaurant, set menu with lots of choices for33 Euros inclusive of a bottle of wine between two and coffee plus a sparkling wine aperitif.The hotel is handy for the sights with a combination of metro and walking. We found that a Paris Museum Pass was handy to skip the queues at Musee d'Orsay and Louvre but didn't save money unless you are a museumaholic. Would definitely return to this hotel.

Excellent Service and Hotel! More photos

Class Act We stayed at this hotel for four nights in the middle of April. What can I say? In short Class Act. We were given a huge room with a view, Room 312. The bed was huge and a matress was just right for us. The bathroom has a twin sink, a large and deep bath tub and a separate room for toilet and bidet. Ammenities were lovely and they gave us new ones every day. The room was just under a private terrace so it was nice and quiet. We were so surprised to find a bottle of champagne waiting in the room. It was a special treat from the management to congratulate us for our 25th anniversary. Also, bottls of water were free and they replenish them every day. When we came back from sight seeing in the evening, we found two sleeping shirts waiting on the bed and the bed was turned in for the night with little cndies and a next day's forecast. This happened every evening. They have comfortable robes and slippers which we enjoyed.The breakfast room is just beautiful and food is very good.All the staff were very friendly and helpful.We highly recommend this hotel to anybody who plans a trip to Florence. We want to go back there just to stay at Degli Orafi.

Old Charming Hotel, Great Location This hotel is on the banks of the River Arno about a 5 minute walk from the Piazza S Croze, 5-10 minutes to the Uffizi Gallery and about 15 - 20 minute walk to the Duomo. We were on a biking holiday and they had a separate garage area where we could store our bikes for our two night stay in Florence. The hotel is old and at some point the rooms may need updating, but despite that it had a lovely old charm feel to it and was probably quite grand at some point in its past. The hotel owners / staff were very friendly and attentive and it had quite a family feel for a largish hotel.Our room had a bath, minibar and TV and overlooked the River Arno onto the greenery beyond on the south bank. It was also a fair size. The only complaint I would have is that there was a lack of plug sockets, and the one that was accessible work meaning that you had to use the plug in the bathroom to charge things up, which feel that safe to me.There was a good selection at breakfast including breads, fruit, cheese, ham, cereals and yoghurts.

Old-fashioned hotel Lovely surroundings

Really mixed feelings about the Grosvenor Suites I can honestly say that I have never had such mixed feelings about any place my family has visited. There is so much about the Grosvenor that is simply 5 star: unbelievable views that any top of the line hotel would die for; nice layout of a small one bedroom apartment that was more than spacious for three of us; some tasteful updates like granite and modern fixtures in the very small bathroom; a fabulous location that really makes it easy to take advantage of everything San Francisco offers. And then there are some things that are strictly 1 star: chipped paint on window sills that have been repaired with mismatched paint; a crack in the window; tears in the linings of drapes; grimy door and window jambs; piled on grease on the exhaust fan in the kitchenette (so much that I wouldn't use the rangetop); a really suspect bedspread; broken heating covers. If it had not been for the 5 star elements, we would have checked out instantly. Gratefully, Housekeeping did an awesome job with daily cleaning, but really basic, quality maintenance is needed. Another reviewer said that this is not a luxury hotel and that is right on the money. The lovely rooms shown on their website are long term rentals only so be prepared for something less. If the units are maintained as they should be, there is no question that the Grosvernor Suites would be the best deal in town. I guess the bottom line is: would we stay again? ONLY if I researched all other options, and had the assurance from management that we would once again have the incredible views that make up for the inside of the unit.

Wonderful family vacation Our family of seven from ages 9 to 70 had a wonderful week at CLub Med Punta Cana- it is a perfect place for a three generation vacation. I'll second every positive thing that others have written and add that we had none of the problems mentioned by other reviewers - the walking was fine and necessary to work off all of the food we ate, I saw no mosquitos, none of us got sick. The rooms were just fine and buffets met everybody's needs. US Air was on time and there were no problems in the airport. GO's were there to meet us and we were on the beach by 1 pm.One caveat- don't buy any of the palm frond baskets or hats which are sold in the bar and reception area. They will be confiscated at the airport!

Overall good impression View from 1733

Very good vacations We stayed at the hotel from dec 1st to 8th. We really enjoyed it. We were in the section for the Transat Premium, which is really good located.. Near the beach and the restaurant. The beach is so beautiful!We had a private section so there was always chairs that were available. The food was different everyday and very good.. Of course you have some food that is similar but overall it's good! We went to 2 restaurant ( Italian and Grill) and there is enough choice to satisfied everyone. The rooms are beautiful and there's enough space. No problem with the room.. The only things that are kinda bad to me is the service in the buffet.. I think they should have more employees.. I will recommand this hotel anytime

nice lobby for nice chat My boyfriend and I spent 4 nights in Marina Oriental last summer. People are nice and helpful in general. I must say I am not really fond of the cyber interior of the hotel but my boyfriend just loves it. The balcony in the room faces opens to a clear view of the Mermaid, good place for a break. The lobby is good for the nice chat with cocktails and music.

Nice Hotel! We stayed at Hotel Monge for 3 nights and were very happy with the accommodations. The rooms were clean and the hotel is close to Rue Mouffetard--(incidentally the Cave de la Bourgogne cafe at 144 Rue Mouffetard was great!). There are friendly cafes nearby and the metro is fairly close. The hotel staff were incredibly helpful. I would absolutely consider this hotel for future stays in Paris.

Needs work The front desk staff was very friendly and helpful. The location can not be beat, as it is so close to walk to museums, food and tourist sites. But the place is really suffering through the renovations. Our room was mostly clean and they kept the loud construction noise to decent hours. Try to negotiate a lower price with the hotel directly. When it is finished this place will be fabulous and probably very expensive.

Loved the Tuscan Inn San Francisco I am always concerned when I book a hotel on Fishermans wharf in San Francisco, as many are very run down. When I drove up to this hotel it was excellent. There were 2 doormen just waiting to help you. The hotel has been renovated in the past 2 years and it was great. The staff very polite smiling and helpful.The lobby was comfortable Every evening, guests are welcome to the hosted evening Wine and Italian Beer reception from 5:00 p.m. to 6:00 p.m and always have Italian roast coffee, tea and biscotti in the lobby. Free high speed wireless Internet access, which in San Francisco most always has a charge. I will always come back to this hotel for business travel or for pleasure.I travel quite often and have stayed in many different hotels. Right now this hotel is at the top of my list. I will always tell everyone to try it.

Belvedere - Fantastic Hotel My husband, 14-year old son, and I stayed in the Belvedere (Room 1427) for 5 nights arriving late on 14 Oct and checking out on 19 Oct. We thought that the room was fairly large compared to the other New York hotels we have stayed in (Hilton Times Square and Century Paramount). The room had two double beds, two windows, was non-smoking, light and airy, clean and well decorated. We had no problems whatsoever with the lifts, in fact one of the side lifts was right by our room door but there was no noise from it. The location was superb and the staff were efficient and friendly. We would definitely stay here on any return visit to NY. Congratulations to the management and staff.

Good location Needed one night accomodation in the city and wanted something centrally located. Also wanted to earn double honors points! Location of hotel is great. Staff was very friendly. When we got to our room we immediately noticed the very noisy elevator on the other side of our wall. We asked for a different room but they were sold out. The noise through the night was awful and in the morning we brought it to the attention of the manager. They were very apologetic and immediately offered to give us the night for free.I told them that everything else about the hotel was great and that a 50% discount was quite acceptable.Breakfast was typical of most Hamptons. They didn't have a business center but offered to let me use their office computer to look up the location of a local festival that was in the city.Parking was right next door and staff there was also very friendly.We left our bags with the bellman for the day and he quickly retrieved them for us when we returned at 3pm.I would pick this hotel again but request a room away from the elevator just in case they aren't able to resolve the noise issue.

Never again! March 25 and March 26, 05. Booked through New York Auto Show (Expo Travel). Guaranteed our room with a credit card as usual. Arrived at 11pm. We were told by the Marriott staff that they didn't have any rooms for us and that they would send us to another hotel. Clerk disappeared for 15 minutes and finally came back to tell us that they found us a hotel. In Brooklyn! I told them that there was no way I was taking my family to Brooklyn so late at night. I told them that I had specifically booked this hotel because of its proximity to the auto show-otherwise I would have booked us at the Hilton because we are Hilton members. I also asked them why they hadn't bothered to contact us earlier in the day when they knew they were overbooked. They had no answer. Finally at midnight they found us rooms at the Sofitel about 4 blocks away. They did give us cab fare and payed for our rooms. They told us to come back the next day and they would have 2 rooms for us as reserved. We returned the next day at noon and 1 room was ready. No problem it was a bit early and we understood. Came back at 6pm and 2nd room still wasn't ready. Finally at 7pm we were able to get into the 2nd room.Elevators in this hotel are ridiculous. We waited 1/2 hour and then had to take the service elevator. I will say that the staff was friendly and probably as frustrated as we were about the room situation and the lack of elevator service. Bottom line, if they are in the middle of renovations than they should consider not booking to capacity until they can reasonably accomodate all their customers. Last weekend I was due to stay at the Embassy Suites in Charleston , SC and the hotel called me at 8am in the morning to tell me they were overbooked and would appreciate it if I would consider staying at the hotel next door (Hampton Inn) at their expense. That is the way business should be done. In this day of modern technology there is no excuse for the poor management of reservations at the Marriott. The Marriott staff kept stressing that they were going to pay for our room as if that should make everything ok, despite the potential inconvenience of being sent to a hotel 45 minutes away from where we planned to stay. As I explained to them staying at the Marriott was about convenience for the event we were planning to attend, not the price. They should not assume that everyone who stays here is only interested in getting a free room because they have poorly managed their reservation system. Saturday night we ate in the hotel restaurant on the 8th floor. Service was good and so was the food. Prices were reasonable for a tourist location. It will be hard for me to ever consider staying here again. The Marriott staff needs to be better organized. We travel very often and this is the first time in many years that we were faced with so many obstacles in such a short time. Should you be considering this hotel call to reconfirm your reservation and ask the status of their elevators. Had we had theater tickets or dinner reservations it would have been extremely difficult to arrive on time for either. I shudder to imagine what this hotel would due in the case of an emergency evacuation. There is no way they could properly handle any type of emergency.

ok, not great My family of 6 spent 2 nights (thanksgiving) at this Hilton. The lobby is very small by HIlton standards. Check in was smooth. Got to the room to find that the double beds were smaller than standard size. So we called to the front desk to order roll aways. No problem, $25 per bed per room. Yikes! Our sons room mini fridge was full of old and smelly food. Housekeeping came up quickly to remove. Later that evening I called for more washcloths as there was only 1 in our room. An hour later they were delivered. Plasma screen tvs don't impress me like they seem to impress so many other guests. tv is tv. We go to NYC to see the sights not watch things we can watch at home. Exercise facilities and pool are very nice. Having to pay for internet service is ridiculous! I find it funny that Hampton Inn's don't charge for internet service and yet the more upscale Hilton properties try to grab more money from you for something that should easily be included in your hotel quote.Location of this Hilton is only a minor inconvenience. Subway is just across the street and taxis are plentiful. Valet parking only at $45 per night. No in and out parking available. Takes about 25 mintues to get your car.Had desert in the hotel restaurant. Very good and staff was very friendly. Breakfast was suppose to be included but my husband had to go to the front desk to have the charges removed.Being across the street from the World Trade Center site was humbling and my family spent some time just looking out our windows at the site as well as walking around the area.No real perks at this Hilton for belonging to Hilton Honors. Would I choose this Hilton again, probably not. I wouldn't mind the distance to main sights if the hotel itself was more appealing. We have stayed in many hotels in NYC that had more ambience. However, if you get a good rate and it's price you are interested in than you'll probably be okay here.

Fab-U-Lous This hotel is a true gem on all levels. The location is ideal, it is beautiful, FRIENDLY, HELPFUL, comfortable, and not a bad price either. Michael, the concierge is a genius, if I had an idea, he made it happen. The restaurant is a work of art in itself. In the course of my four night stay, I had three meals in house, and another two from room service. All were spectacular AND if I wanted to tweak a little, was happily and easily accommodated. The Monaco will be my permanent go to hotel in San Francisco

Great Service at Hotel Pierre During our third trip to Florence, my husband and I were booked at the Hotel Pierre. It's a lovely boutique hotel with 44 rooms on five floors. When we arrived, at about 1 pm, we were greeted warmly, our room was ready and we never touched our bags until they were brought to our room. The room was beautiful, with a wood floor and marble bathroom. Breakfast was included and the chef was proficient at American scrambled eggs! They don't have a restaurant but there are many within walking distance and the staff gives excellent recommendations. One minor problem is noise - if you're on the Via Del Lamberti side, you might encounter loud talking and, how shall I say it, exhuberent spirits. This went on some nights until 1 or 1:30 am and disturbed my sleep but not my husband's. Otherwise, this is a lovely place, situated perfectly for all the sights you would wish to visit.

Comfortable and Charming Hotel We chose this hotel because of the philosophy theme and because of the garden. This was worth the price on both counts. We had a lovely breakfast every morning and drank our Dutch coffee in the garden befoe heading out. Some people have written that the hotel is a bit off the beaten track but there is a tram stop about a block away that makes it easy to get around town. The room was a tad on the small side and the amenities weren't lavish but the view of the garden from the room was wonderful - the bird songs were soothiing as well. Leideseplein is about a 10-15 minute walk and on the way there is the tourist kiosk where you can purchase your I Amsterdam books with several options for your length of stay. The hotel is in a quiet area and the guests were quite nice as well. There are a few steps to climb to get to the main level so I wouldn't recommend it for those who can't get their bags up or down several steep stairs. The elevator works well and is lavish by European standards (think twice as big as Italian hotel elevators!). All in all, this was a quiet, delightful property and if I went to Amsterdam again I'd certainly stay here a second time.

Great Stopover choice We stayed 3 nights on a stopover break from New Zealand. The location of the hotel is great, right next to a large shopping mall with direct access to the MTR. We could not fault the staff who were always available to answer any query. We went on the hotel free 1 hour evening guided tour of local markets which was informative. The pool was excellent with wonderful views over Hong Kong skyline. Ask for a high room for wonderful views - this hotel would not be good for guests suffering from vertigo! The glass wall between the en-suite bathroom and bedroom was a bit of a shock until we realised there was a blind to pull down! The restaurant and bar are expensive but very good. Plenty of other eating options in the adjacent shopping mall.We had a 5am departure and ordered breakfast in our room at 4.15am, it arrived bang on time and beautifully presented. We would not hesitate to stay at this lovely hotel again.

Locationand the price is right Park next to rendezvous hotel

Great Location A very smart and clean hotel in an excellent location. Just 10 minute walk from Times Square. Staff were very friendly and helpful. Rooms weren't massive but we were out all day 'til late. Had a fridge and coffee maker in the room. Would go back again.

Great place to stop-over. Orchid Garden in the Botanical Gardens

Good place to Stay View from our suite

I love this place. lovely cafe on the corner

Centre of Everything Was recommended Avenida Palace by a travel agent in Waterford and they couldn'tve picked a better hotel for our four night stay in Barcelona. Perfectly located by Passeig de Gracia train station ( 20mins direct from Barcelona Airport) we were warmly greeted by the front office staff especially Mar and Fernando.We were very happy with our room which over looked the street front. Whilst we didn't dine in the hotel, they happily helped us reserve a table at Shunka .Great location near shops and restaurants, would definately recommend Avenida for a weekend for weeks stay

Pretty good The room was very nice, albeit a bit small (San Francisco after all). Very clean and interestingly decorated. The rest of the hotel, though, seemed a bit neglected -- in need of a bit of sprucing up--we had been in the hotel last year (not to stay but to eat at the adjoining restaurant-- which is a gem--The Millenium--a vegetarian restaurant)--and the place seemed to have gone downhill a bit since then. On the other hand, the price was right and the room was good. Management needs to take the plywood off the elevator door and fix it up--it really looks bad.

Wonderful hotel Stayed at this lovely hotel for 4 nights, 1st - 5th March. We found the location excellent. We took the bus fom Charles de Gaulle, were dropped off by Arc de triomphe and was a 10 minute walk to the hotel (however on way back the hotel arranged an excellent mini bus to pick us up at the hotel, well worth the extra money). Close to metro stations, Champs Elysees, nice eating places on rue Marbeuf and 10 minute walk to Eiffel Tower.Stayed in a standard room, very clean, good shower and excellent l'occitane toiletries. We were on 5th floor and could see top of Eiffel tower. Bed was comfortable and hotel quiet. Only negative comment for room was the lighting could have been better. We ate breakfast in hotel once. Food was good but felt it expensive at 18 euro. If you go out of the hotel, turn right and go to end of the road there are a few cafes. The first one you come to on the left does a lovely breakfast for 6.5 euros. Would stay here again. On the last evening the hotel left a small gift on the bed with a hand written note from the manager - a very nice touch. On arrival home we received a nice e mail from the hotel.

Good central hotel Stayed here for one night before a cruise and had picked this hotel because of reviews on tripadvisor.Very happy with the hotel. Modern, clean room. Breakfast was included and was very good.Would recommend the open top tourist bus for an easy way to see the city.

The beacon really does shine!!!!!! :-) We have just returned from New york, and stayed at the beacon hotel, this was our 3rd visit to the city staying at various hotels/ Apartments each time, but the Beacon Hotel was by far the best!!, We booked a 1 bedroom suite, as we wanted space, and space is exactly what we got, our apartment in the hotel was huge compaired to others we have stayed in ( for the same price 2!! ), we had our own living room, with a sofa ( folded out in to a double bed) 2 chairs, a dining table with 2 chairs, coffee table, tv, with stand and storage space, the living room overlooked the hudson river, ( we were on the 24th floor) and it was a wicked view at night!, off the living room was a small but compact kitchen, and was spotless, and had everything we needed if we wanted to stay in and cook ( but who does in nyc), and the maid, which is daily service, left fresh coffee, teabags etc for us on the days we requested them to come in and change our sheets etc. The bathroom was a decent size, it had a bath and a shower, sink/ toilet, ( The maid also left us lil shampoos and conditioners etc, the mouthwash looked a bit toxic, but it was the thought that counted haha) The bedroom was huge, it had x2 double beds in (very comfy) and it had plenty of storage space, along with a tv and sky also in the room, it also had a personal safe ( free of charge) you could programme yourself, if you wanted to store your cash. I found our room very well kept and very clean, and believe me im quite hard to impress with regards to the way hotels clean their properties, sure there is always room for improvement but it was nearly spotless! ( could have done with a change of carpet in the L room, but hey! ) The hotel itself is situated on 75th street broadway, which is 2 blocks ( about 1 min away) from the 72nd street main subway where you can get a Metro card fun pass ( good for rail and bus) for the day for $7 you can go anywhere in nyc on the card. It has its own resteraunt on site so if you didnt want to go out, the resteraunt/ diner style eatery has all you need, it also has its own wine shop, which is pretty cool, and the prices are fair.On 72nd street, heading towards central park, is a place called BBQ's, its a stonesthrow away from the Beacon Hotel and the have Texas Style frozen cocktails on offer for around $7, they are not to be missed ( they are the size of fishbowls, delicious, and your hammered after 1, $7, you cant complian!! ha) also across the road from the Beacon, is the famous fairways supermarket, it has everything you need , even if you didnt want to see a supermarket on your hols, its worth just going in to see the amount of food that place has!. The beacon hotel is about 5 mins from central park, and you could either walk, catch a cab or catch a sub if you wanted to go downtown where Macys, and to where all the other hustle and bustle is, The beacon hotel is brill for anyone, and it especially brill for the people who like to venture in to the hustle and bustle of new york when they fancy, but enjoy a more peacefull laid back pace where the hotel is situated, The Beacon hotel is just fab! :-) P.s Coney island is a must, although the cyclone roallercoaster gives you some major bruises!! :-)

Great location Stayed here Dec 25-Jan 2. I booked through the hotel website early and had a rate of $160 sgd/night which was a great value for this caliber of hotel. The room was spacious, clean, the bathroom was excellent. Only problem was they did not have my reservation when I arrived, but the problem was resolved. The subway is very close to the hotel, you can walk directly from the hotel into the mall and into the subway without going outside. The walk to the subway is less than 5 minutes.

Enjoyed our stay bathroom

Luxury hotel at an affordable price Wonderful hotel located very close to the mtr. Room was not large but just right. Bathroom was very clean. Hotel is connected to a very large mall. Booked the room early on the hotel's website and saved 10%. We had the deluxe room for 1 week and the executive room upgrade for one day. The only difference is a separate shower stall in the executive and slightly larger room. Concierge was very helpful with recommendations for food. We took the hotel shuttle bus which was 130 hkd which worked out well. Would stay here again if ever in HK again.

Very Happy with Ocean Resort Sunset from our Lani

Perfect! We booked this hotel through Mr Mrs Smith so we knew it would be good we weren't disappointed.Location - The hotel is in a fab location just one street away from Times Square, so you're close to everything but it was also a lot quieter than we expected.Staff - ALL the staff were lovely, very friendly helpful. They helped get us taxis when we were in a hurry reserved a table for us at the Russian Tea Rooms (if you want to go to the Plaza, book in advance - we couldn't get in unfortunately!)Room - the room was great, bigger than we expected. The bed as a lot of people have said already was v. comfortable had great sheets too, loads of wardrobe space, massive shower, v.well equipped - safe, TV, DVD player, iPod dock, fridge, hairdryer, iron ironing board. It was v. cold when we were there so it was great we had control of the stat too.Facilities - the pool, gym, sauna steam room all looked great but we were so busy sightseeing we never got chance to use them. The shop in the lobby was v. well stocked with drinks, snacks, magazines etc. The bar (open til 1) was great, we had some lovely v.strong cocktails. The hotel transforms into a nightclub in the evening with DJs people in the pool (using the swim-up bar) and this is our only criticism of the place - it had a strange mix of tourists (like us!) and wannabes posing in / around the pool, the latter made it feel a bit like a swingers convention some nights! Food - it was great staying in a NY hotel where breakfast is included, as it gives you a chance to wake up properly before joining the chaos outside. Lovely continental breakfast - croissants, muffins, bagels, yogurts, fruit, cereals, juice, tea coffee. The take-away menus in our room looked v. appealing too, but we ate out all the time we were there.Value - we stayed over Easter when loads of other hotels were coming up at crazy prices, this was excellent value, especially considering the location.We loved NY and this hotel will be recommending it to our friends family and hope to return one day ourselves too.

Great hotel - why are people complaining??!! We have just returned form an 8 night stay at the Handlery - and cant believe people are moaning about this hotel! We did stay in a club room - and they are of a very good size and i think the regualr rooms are quite a bit smaller - but this is the norm for San Francisco!!! Plus in the Club you get bath robes, extra bathroom amenities, fridge - prob not very important things but it adds to the stay. The rooms are nicely decorated too, and clean! Cant really rememeber any staff been rude (apart from one of the Valet guys so all we did was give a tip to the nice polite valet instead!)- but in all honesty its not something i really take into consideration when booking a hotel - I think far more important is location and considering this hotel is a stones throw from Union Square, is it really that important that the staff arent kissing your preverbial??!!! Next time I visit I know exactly where I will be staying!!

Location not great We booked into this Hotel as there were no rooms (apart from very expensive ones) in the area we normally stay in.The staff at Reception were very good, as were the men who handled the luggage, called taxis etc. The room was of a reasonable size, but could have been cleaner. I noted stains on a hard backed chair, and stains on the blue decoration pillows on the beds. Vacuuming had not done properly as there was a line of dust all along the edge of the carpet in front of the wardrobe.The room and bathroom were a little shabby, but nothing a coat of paint could not fix. There was plenty of shampoo , hand soaps and also toothbrushes , which not many hotels provide. Sheets and towels were changed every day.The location for us was most inconvenient, but with such cheap taxis, it was not a problem to hop into one whenever we wanted to go anywhere. I cannot agree that it is a 5 minute walk to the night life of Clarke Quay - it is a lot further than 5 minutes walk away. I don't think I would stay here again, but mainly because of the location. .

Overpriced We stayed here for 4 nights on our way to the UK. First impressions of the Hotel are excellent. It has a very lavish Reception area and the staff are very good . The rooms are tiny considering the price you have to pay, and the beds are like concrete. Fortunately there were many pillows, and to ensure I had a reasonable sleep, I actually slept on the pillows!The bathroom was OK, but looked somewhat tired. No special touches like orchids in the bathroom that we have previously had in cheaper hotels. We would not stay here again. You do not get good value for the price you pay.

made our Venice experience perfect We have just returned from a month in Europe most of which consisted of a French river cruise and a Med cruise. We spent three days in Venice in between and of all the places we visited I loved Venice the most and can't wait to go back. When I do, one thing is for sure, Hotel Al Ponte Mocenigo is the ONLY place I will stay. For us it was perfect in every respect. Access by vaporetto is so easy both on arrival and every day use. San Croce is a residential neighbourhood and with a little guidance from the owners Walter and Sandro we were able to eat and shop locally and experience the life of everyday Venetians.The hotel is a dream if you want to stay in a place that makes you feel like a welcome visitor, from its elegant rooms, its cleanliness, its gorgeous courtyard and its quietness. Walter gave us excellent directions (this was after we finally acknowledged to ourselves that getting completely disorientated at the Rialto Bridge we were not as clever as we thought and that perhaps a little help might not be a bad thing) and we found him always approachable. The only thing we regretted was that we could not stay longer. Stay at this hotel, you will be glad that you did!

Good experience The hotel Junior was a good hotel. Positives include: good location (just outside of the tourist areas), great breakfast, and accomodating staff. Negatives include: small room and street noise. Overall though, good hotel for the money spent.

fantastic My husband and I stayed here feb 05 this is the 2nd visit to this hotel staff fantastic room was great, location 2nd to none.Central station just a couple of yards away its the next street to the Damrak.plenty of coffee shops on the door step as well as food, you can eat and drink in your room one down side is no tea or coffee facility's in the room (we took our own ) overall well priced for Amsterdam and I would recomened this Hotel to anyone

Tropical Paradise Another Balcony View

excellent for families Read about these apartments at the back of a Barcelona guide book andfollowed it up with reviews from trip advisor. I really cannot think of anything else to say that hasn't already been said. An excellent alternative to a hotel but with all a hotel's facilities. The two bedrooms with two bathrooms works very well for a family of four. Breakfast was great, La Cupola restaurant, superb, staff helpful and courteous and the apartments were excellent. Absolutely no negative points about this accomodation.It takes less than five minutes to Sagrada Familia and the metro. The T-10 ticket is worth buying. Whatever you decide to visit be prepared for some lengthy queues, especially Sagrada Familia. This is the beauty of staying at Hispanos Siete Suiza. You can get there before all the tour buses and believe me there can be quite a few!

Great Hotel Value First let me say that I am a budget traveler. I found this hotel to be very clean and a very nice room. Nice comfortable beds as well as a large bathroom. As promised they had free parking! Very rare in the San Francisco Area. No noise from street below. Public transportation was only 1 block away. Can't say enought good things about this hotel, and it did not break the bank!!Would I stay there again? Absolutely!!

Convenient Luxury Having studied there during my college days--I had a good sense of which areas in Singapore would be best for booking a quality hotel that isn't extravagantly over-priced (ahem--Fullerton!). The Pan Pacific Singapore is an immaculate hotel tower with impressive views and a great location that is quite close to major points of interest. I traveled with my sister, who tends to be picky about things like cleanliness and strength of air conditioning and even she was thoroughly impressed!!! The Pan Pacific is convenient by taxi to any location in Singapore and just a short walk away from the Merlion and the Quays which offer scenic views and a great chance to experience the beauty of Singapore. The showers/baths are immaculate and made us not want to leave the place! The only drawback is the expensive cell phone rentals and internet.

Bus stop on the doorstep Spent one night in this hotel after a 7-nt apartment stay, as we couldn't have an 8th night there, so the hotel was booked for us by the letting agent. However, it turned out to be a good choice. Very positive first impression in foyer, and staff very friendly and helpful. Room on 5th floor, decent size, good bathroom, plenty of towels, toiletries etc., very clean. No balcony, and at the back of the hotel, so quiet, but not very exciting view - ok for one night, but not so great for a week.Cost - 100 euros per night, room only. Didn't investigate breakfast, as took it out in a cafe - usually a better option with continental hotels.Location- on busy Av Diagonal. Residential and shopping area, quite classy. Bus stop right outside the door, and choice of several, plus others about 2 minutes away. The nearest metro was about 10 mins walk, downhill (but up on the return !), and not on a very good line for getting to most of the major sites - you needed to change for most things. However, the bus service is excellent, and if you avail yourself of a route map from the tourist office/ info kiosks it is very easy to follow, and much more flexible than the Bus Touristic, which many people recommend. especially if you fancy doing things that aren't necessarily touristy. Buy a Barcelona Card - online, or from the tourist office - which is excellent value, as it gives you unlimited use of the metro/bus, plus free or discounted entries to numerous museums/attractions/restaurants etc. for between 2-5 days.The big dept store El Corte Ingles has a branch right across the road, and lots of other shopping opportunities nearby.If you want to spend all your time in and around Las Ramblas/the beach/old town, then it's not very handy.

The Cow Hollow is great! The Cow Hollow is in a great location amid excellent restaurants and shops and less than 2 miles from Fisherman's Wharf. The rooms were clean and convenient to the hotel's free parking.

Doubletree beds sooo comfy My son is in the Air Force and he tried to book a room for us at the Hale Koa where he and his wife were staying (March 18-20). It was full so we were booked at the Doubletree. My sister and I got a double room that had a large lanais and double beds. The room was very clean and the beds were exceptionally comfortable. My daughter-in-law said our beds were much more comfortable that theirs at the Hale Koa. We got a rental car in the lobby and spent our time exploring the island. We would stay at the Doubletree again for the comfort and price.

Terrfic customer service This hotel staff was superb in customer service. It seemed like they couldn't do enough for us including moving our room and supplying us with a refrigerator. The little touches meant a lot including the chocolate chip cookies, the rubber ducky and the candy jar. It has a great location on Union Square. I would recommend to others.

Brilliant Hotel Stayed at this hotel for 2 nights, from check-in the hotel was brilliant. Amazing roof terrace with jacuzzi and beautiful views across the city and to the sagrada familia. The rooms are a good size for a city-hotel and the bathroom is modern and clean. The breakfast is a brilliant spread with loads to choose from in the modern restaurant.The hotel is about a five minute walk to La Rambla and you can choose so many different routes to walk you find something new every time!All in all this hotel is a brilliant 4 star very centrally located, would definatly recommend to everyone!!

A warm December The beach view from the golf course

Very nice resort experience My husband and I try to get to Hawaii at least once a year and we had not been to Oahu for awhile and decided to try the Hilton Hawaiian Village Resort. It is a huge sprawling complex of different towers that have (I'm told) around 3400 rooms. So this is not some little Mom Pop hotel. We were booked into the Rainbow tower with an oceanview with a king sized bed. However, the desk clerk told me when checking in that the room had a decent view but was overlooking all the construction going on and asked if we would mind moving to an ocean/Diamondhead view with double beds instead of a king sized bed. We agreed and were very happy. The view was awesome. We could see the ocean, Diamondhead, the beach, etc. This resort has numerous restaurants and shops all throughout the resort. Too many to name or attempt to name here. I looked at prices and felt many were high (of course everything is expensive in Hawaii) so we did not eat on property except for one morning we had breakfast in the New York Deli there. It was good and the portions huge. We did not finish there was so much food!!! I felt considering how much food was given the price was reasonable.There are many high end retail stores in the resort and also an ABC Store (for those of you not having been to Hawaii, these small stores are scattered throughout Hawaii and offer food, drink, medication, tee-shirts, souvenirs, etc at reasonable prices) which was very nice to have there. You can purchase your own beer, soda pop, candy, chips etc. So that was nice to have onsite. If one wanted to youwould never have to leave the resort as restaurants, shopping, swimming, the beach is all right there. There are several pools, bars, etc. scattered throughout the property. My husband and I are not ones to lie in the sun next to a swimming pool, but for those who want to do that, the pools looked clean and well maintained. Of course where ever there is a swimming pool, there are lots of kids. While I don't have small children, the resort seemed family friendly.They have a spa onsite and I went one evening and had a massage which was excellent. The spa was beautifully appointed and very relaxing. I recommend if you are staying there and have the time to work in a spa treatment. I think you will find it worth it.The staff at this resort were all very nice and helpful to my husband and I. We enjoyed our stay here very much and hope to go again. Again, the only thing I would caution against is if you want to go to Hawaii to get away from people, this would not be the place for you. It is a very busy, popular resort.

Overall nice experience My husband and I recently were in NOLA for a business convention and stayed at this Marriott property for 3 days. This hotel is in downtown New Orleans and is within a few blocks of The French Quarter. I liked the fact that it was within walking distance of pretty much everything we wanted to see and do, yet not right on Bourbon Street where all the music and people partying stay.There is shopping and restaurants galore nearby, some high end shops such as Saks Fifth Avenue were a couple of blocks down on Canal Street and of course just a few blocks from The French Quarter, so there is plenty to eat, drink and shop nearby. The location of this hotel was perfect for us.The room we had was nothing special, not bad at all, just nothing to knock you out. Typical Marriott hotel room. We were on the 28th floor and there was a nice view of Canal street, the downtown area and further down, the Mississippi River. The housekeeping staff did a good job of keeping the room clean and well appointed. This is a large hotel, and others on this site have commented about how well the elevators work to serve the towers. Personally we had several bad experiences waiting and waiting and waiting for the elevators. To be fair however, there was a huge convention going on and the lobby was packed night and day, maybe if it weren't so busy there wouldn't be this problem, but it was a bit of a hassle waiting upwards of 10 minutes for an elevator, and I am not exaggerating, that is how long I waited at one point.There is a Starbucks in the lobby and also a restaurant (which we did not eat at). Also, there is a bar in the lobby that was consistently crowded with people attending the convention. You can get sushi and appetizers here. The service at the desk (check in, concierge, bellman, etc) were all very nice and pleasant. The service in the lobby bar was terrible I have to say. Drinks were not refilled and servers were no where to be found. Maybe since Katrina they are having trouble staffing? I don't know, but that was a little annoying. Here are all these people with an open tab at the bar, ready, willing and able to spend MONEY and no one was around to take orders. Kind of not a good business move, but overall everyone else we encountered at this hotel went out of their way to help and make our stay enjoyable.I would recommend this hotel to anyone wanting to stay near the French Quarter in NOLA and if I ever return there I'm sure I would stay here again.

Very happy with this hotel I don't understand the negative reviews on this site---we had great service while we stayed there. We were upgraded to a nicer room for free, the staff were all friendly and helpful, the concierge was very nice. The rooms are not extravagant, but very clean and well appointed. We had a room with a partial mountain (Diamond Head) and partial oceanview. The only thing I wish would be improved is the restaurants, expensive and food only okay. Also, the entertainment in the bar ended way too early at only 9:00 pm or so. Otherwise this is a very nice hotel, that is close to the heart of Waikiki. I would stay there again and recommend it to anyone.

Beautiful hotel This is a very lovely hotel in Barcelona. It was truly one of the nicest hotel rooms I have ever stayed in, and I have traveled all over the world. The room was spotlessly clean with beautiful hardwood floors and very contemporary, modern furniture including flat screen tv's etc. This is not some outdated hotel. My husband is a Hilton rewards member so we were able to go to the executive lounge for drinks, tapas, snacks and it was delicious and well presented. We did not eat in the restaurant there, choosing to go to a restaurant across the street in the mall so I cannot comment on the food served other than in the executive lounge. We did have drinks in the lobby bar and that was great. Everyone we spoke to were very nice and helpful and spoke great English which was helpful. We only stayed 1 night as we were on layover from a cruise, so we didn't have a chance to explore much of Barcelona, but I could tell this was a little off the beaten track, not right in the heart of things, but there was a nice mall right across the street with several restaurants that was nice. I would love to return to Barcelona someday and explore it further, and I would not hesitate to stay at this wonderful hotel.

Ok, nice The hotel was clean and modern, breakfast was very good, fresh juices, hot and cold breakfast.We first got room 201, just make sure you don't get this room! It was incredibely noisy, because it is just in front of the two big roads and has large non-isolated windows. We asked for another room after a night of non-sleeping and we got room 209 which was very calm and not noisy at all. It's true that the rooms are a bit noisy, but hey, you're in a hotel in the middle of a big city... If you can, ask a a room at the back of the hotel, no noise from the outside and less neighbouring rooms...Rooms are not very big, but again... it's a hotel in a big city.Service was ok, we got free bottles of water the day we left.

Great Location, Helpful Staff, Unimpressive Rooms We stayed at the Vincci Arena in early October for five days. The hotel is located near the Espanya Metro stop, the Bullfighting Ring and the Pillars of Parliament. We were also within walking distance of a fabulous dinner Flamenco Show at Spanish Town.Things we liked: personable helpful staff, hotel location central to the metro, bountiful breakfast, lots of storage space for personal items in the bathroom, lots of little stores, tapas bars and restaurants nearby.Things we didn't like: Eery green neon hallways, rock-hard bed (like sleeping on a box-spring!), dark purple out-of-scale furniture and decorations that made the room feel dark and oppressive, noisy garbage trucks at 3:30 am, boisterous people out on the streets at 5 am.We were traveling to three countries over five weeks. This was among our least favorite hotels. The location could not be beat, but we would probably look for a different hotel in the same vicinity if we were to stay in Barcelona again.

Fabulous ending to our 5-week trip to Europe! Bedroom Area, Room 407

Perfect Vaction beach by the hotel

Absolutely wonderful experience My husband and I recently celebrated our 10th anniversary with a 4 day stay in Seattle at the Waterfront Marriott. I cannot say enough good things about our time there. With the help of the wonderful concierge Margo, my husband was able to surprise me by having local cheese and wine waiting in our room on arrival; on her own, Margo had added some chocolate and a lovely bouquet. Margo also arranged reservations for two fantastic dinners (Palisade and the Waterfront Seafood Grill) during our time there. The staff--from the front desk to housekeeping to valets--were all extremely courteous and attentive. Our view, which looked out on Elliott Bay, was magnificent, and the room was very clean, quiet, and comfortable. I enjoyed the modern decor of the hotel. Very convenient location, just down from Pike's Place and right across from a free shuttle that goes to Pioneer Square. We had a perfectly wonderful stay and look forward to returning sometime.

Good location that met our needs We stayed at the Waikiki Sand Villas after reading several good reviews. We are a family of 4, two adults with two children aged 11 13. The room we had contained two double beds, with everything you'd expect, tv, coffee facilities, fridge etc. The room was clean as was the bathroom. The pillows were flat, so after one night i requested three more, and they were left behind whilst we were out. The hospitality room is a god send, as we checked out at 11am, then had to wait until 8pm before we went to the airport. The hotel also has a laundry room, which after travelling for some time is also a must! We used the gym a couple of times and swam in the pool, both being clean and comfortable. One little problem which happened a few times was the lifts would stop working, so we had to walk down several flights of stairs, for us not a problem, but for older people could prove difficult. The hotel is on a corner, and there is some traffic noise throughout the night, but the location makes up for that small inconvenience. We were close to shops, supermarkets and the beach. We took a tour to the Arizona and Missouri, and had a great day out with our tour guide. We booked this through the lovely lady in the hotel lobby.I'd stay here again!

Lovely hotel, perfectly situated After staying nearly a week at the Varenne (in a twin superior room), we echo the vast majority of tripadvisor posts here: it's a wonderful hotel! It's exactly as pictured and described on the hotel website (and in tripadvisor traveler photos), with beautifully decorated rooms, as well as air-conditioning, a refrigerator and safe in the room, and pleasant, helpful people at the front desk. Our room faced the street, yet was very quiet when the windows were closed.The location couldn't be better: within walking distance of a largenumber of tourist sites (Eiffel tower, the Seine, Rue Cler, Invalides + Napoleon's Tomb, Rodin Museum, Place de la Concorde, Pont Alexandre, Champs d'Elysees, Tuileries, etc) yet the immediate surroundings are not touristy; one has the feeling of being in a typical Parisian neighborhood. There was a wonderful boulangerie a couple doors down; also on the same block were a pharmacy, a veg/fruit shop, and a small grocery store. The Paris metro is only 1/2 block away; the RER (railroad, e.g., for trips to Versailles or Vincennes Chateaux or to CDG airport) stop is about 10 min walk. We would definitely stay here again!

Yes !!! It' s on, and it well deserve 4 /12 * !!! We were at that resort from 8 to 15 of march, a groupe of 10 people and No WE WERE NOT VIP We had a wonderfull time. All the negative story will now stop it has to because everything is great. We did wait a little to go to the a la carte restaurent, but it' s not as bad as some people are saying. And they now have a live band at evening to keep us entertain until show time. A lot OF ENTERTAINEMENT DURING THE DAY, DANCING LESSONS AND ALL THAT, JUSTE LIKE EVERYWHERE ELSE. All the chaires have arrived. And nobody has to get up early to reserve one because the guard wont let them so.... The food is excellent and beleive me we travel a lot, every years for the past 20 years and this resort is really it' s 4 1/2 stars it was given in first place. If you go already with anger, well...... it is you that will hate your vacation but go with an open mide and i am certain you will juste LOVE IT !! It is a fabulus place, verry beautiful place. Do I recomend this resort ? Of course !! Have a great vacation.

legian beach hotel --------DON'T DO IT! Make sure to read all the bad reports on this hotel,they are all true!Myself and 3 others have just returned from our dreadful experience at this 2 star hotel on legian beach.We actually sat down and tried to work out how we would rate this hotel,I can tell you it was very difficult to even give it 2 stars How on earth it is rated 9 out of 23 for popularity ;beats me.And it is time that whoever does the grading of theses hotels took another look at this one(to let people know what exactly they are getting for their money)My family and I have been going to Bali since the 1980'sStaying in different hotels has always been part of the fun ,of the holiday...UNTIL NOW!From the beach this hotel looks lovely,the pools and grounds look lovely,the restaurant looks lovelyBut thats enough,take our's and others advise and don't stay hereWe stayed in the main block at the rear of the hotel,on the 3rd floor, at the front overlooking a large noisy driveway!The back rooms didn't even have this .The rooms at the back of the building faced a 3 or 4 storey high cement grey wall which produced a dark cold corridor,with musty unpleasant air about it.Our front room had no hot water the week we spent there,Luckily between us all we had different rooms so we used their shower each day which was a real inconvenienceComplaining to the front desk,and then to customer service did no good ,and were told the problem had been fixed!we gave up in the end!the floor in both rooms was never cleaned ,without shoes on our feet were black.there was never even enough hot or wam water for a decent wash,and at times the cold water did not work at allThe room was always full of mozzies,the toilet didn't flush properlystaff were not friendly at the foyer or restaurantIf you have to stay here your best bet would be to choose a deluxbungalow near the pool,front row try 0a/0b or oc cottagewe looked at these very nice! and you would not have the problems we had.(hopefully)The pools were clean,and the spa great fun!Just don't book in to the superior rooms with uneven numbers in the main buildingcheers trisha

Great little budget hotel in the heart of Florence. We stayed at Il Perseo for three nights last August and it was really good. The hotel is pretty basic (a 3rd floor) but immaculately clean and the rooms are very nice and well kept. Considering we were at the very heart of Florence (a 20 seconds walk to the Duomo, literally) I could say the price was really reasonable (and as we were spending 3 nights there we had a discount rate). The staff was really nice and helpful and they offer a free glass of wine between 6 and 7 or 8, I remember exactly. no problem if you are arriving by car. Ask at reception and arrange a parking solution for you. a private parking nearby and they come and collect the car and they bring it back when leaving. rather expensive, though, 24 euros a day, but you really have much choice.The only but is that the breakfast room is very small and it gets crowded in the morning so probably have to wait for other people to finish their breakfast before you can have a seat.

Fabulous Accomodations in Bejing This is a fabulous hotel. The rooms are all very luxurious and well appointed. The staff, by enlarge speak english. Close to everything in Bejing.

OK but... Stayed here in a double for one night. Loved the feel of the place - relaxed and luxurious. The service is first class in that it is attentive and all staff are friendly and helpful. I especially like the executive lounge and butlers pantryIssuesI booked a double without breakfast from the hotel web site at best rate guarenteed without breakfast (extra plus vatI then saw an offer with Hotels.com for a city break in the hotel for including breakfast and afternoon tea) plus vat - getting afternoon tea at not more cost was a better dealI emailed the hotel and asked about taking up ths offer and the email response was that I would have to cancel the reservation with the hotel and book with hotels,com.When I came to do this there wasnt a double available in the offer - it was available but for a dearer room - not suprising as there were no doubles left in the hotel as I'd booked one!I phoned the hotel and explained the situation and the lady said she would investigate and phone me back - which she didn't do even though she asked for my mobile numberWhen I got to the hotel and checked in I explained about this and asked whether it had been sorted and they said they had me down for the booking. I asked whether I could have the offer and this was brushed aside - the lady neither offered the city break deal nor offered to investigate - I got a feeling they didnt like to interfere with the booking system. I couldnt be bothered to persue it - however I expected a more proactive level of serviceOther minor niggles - not particuarly a problem but should they be happening in a 5 star hotel? - there was a welcome letter from the manager - very nice touch but he welcomed me back - 'nice to see you again' and this was my first visitI had been asked on the web site about my favourite fruit and there was none in the roomThe room was fine - but some noise from the road, no view and some issues again eg I couldnt turn the light off from my bed as the beds bedhead was jammed on the light switchThese are minor things but jarred as my expectations were high and not me I dont think I should have to ask/query things. No one ever said is everything OK , can I have some feedback, there was a feeling of isnt this wonderful hereBreakfast was nice but my scrambled eggs were not piping hot - they have to cook next door and it was which I think is expensive for what it wasOverall a lovely experience but not particulary good value for one and I probably woudnt stay with them again, especially if I am in a room by myself

Quality Hotel, great location I booked this for myself and a female friend after reading the reviews - we wanted a small hotel where we would feel safe, in a central locationThe Casablanca didnt disappoint!We had a twin room that was at the back and very quiet - we paid more than the offer prices on the web site as it was a twin and had more room than a standard double. The room was ideal for us - just enough space - only problem was with the toilet that leaked and overflowed once - it was dealt with promptly but should it happen? We got the feeling it was a regular occurence.We booked a limo from the airport through the hotel that we wouldnt recommend as we had to walk a while to parking and then the driver claimed he had waited so charged us $130 instead of $108 agreed - the plane was on time and we were quickly out so we didnt agree to pay and the hotel sorted it so we only paid the $108 - not a great way to start the holiday and next time I would get a cab. We booked a return limo for $90 and that was great We loved the 24/7 coffee/tea on tap - it was great to get back in an evening and get a 'cuppa' to take to bedThe breakfast was what we needed and the wine and cheese a treat - these facilities were a real plus for usWe booked loads of restaurants on opentable before we went following recommendations and they were all there when we arrived though we hadnt confirmedPicoline, Union Square Cafe and Gramercy tavern were greatWe loved Macys and the sale was onWe went on the tour bus - it was very cold so wasnt much fun but did see the areas of NYWe went to see the show at the Box and enjoyed it - drinks were very pricey but it was an experienceLocation of hotel was excellent - 42nd street has a major subway stop so all districts were accessible from thereNow I want to go back!Service is also great at the hotel - the staff were very obliging and helpful and honest and we felt they had their customers interests at heart

Great budget hotel This hotel was pretty cheap and was a great find for the price. My room was comfy, the housekeeping service was excellent. There was a business centre I could use for internet and printing etc, a nice little gym and overall the staff were always very helpful and accomodating. I had no problems whatsoever with this hotel and would recommend it to anyone who does not mind the nightlife noise from the neighbouring properties - I can sleep through anything and in any event, this was not some romantic getaway.

Highly recommend this hotel! This hotel exceeded our expectations and after staying in hotels in Thailand and Malaysia this is the one we would visit a second time without thought! From the moment we arrived we did not have one complaint! We were greeted at the airport with fresh towles and cold bottles of water then on to the hotel for a fresh complimentary drink. The staff was attentive and extremely friendly! The day before we arrived in Bali I realized that I never arranged an airport pick up. When calling I had trouble getting our phone system to work so I decided to send an email. The manager received the email and replied after he quickly had our transportation all worked out. He then sought us out one evening just to introduce himself and make sure we were satisfied. The room and bathroom was quite spacious and clean with a great view. Beach area was clean and had great beds to relax in with complimentary water. If you are not an ocean fan one of the pools has a sandy beach area as well. Wireless Internet in the lobby is free to all guests. The location is great as it is very close to an area with western resturants and stores (Bali Collection....has a great italian resturant and a starbucks) and the hotel offers a free shuttle (a short ride) to this area throughout the day. We will definitely be back!

Great Place -- Great Value We stayed at this resort 8/31 - 9/7. We enjoyed our experience very much. I was a little concerned due to some poor reviews -- but that certainly was not our experience. We booked through USA3000 vacations and for $75 more pp, had the VIP Suite upgrade -- well worth it, I feel. Our room was on the 3rd floor (no elevators), but directly overlooked the beach -- very lovely. It was large -- with a nice sitting area and balcony. The room was clean and well appointed. Several reviews stated that they had to get to shaded chairs by 6 am -- I find that hard to believe! We never had problems getting a shaded chair (the ones around the pool with the bar filled quickly, but there are two other very large, and quieter, pools where we never had a problem). In addition, most shaded chairs on the beach were empty. The resort was only about half full, so this could have been the difference -- but even full, there appeared to be ample shaded chairs. There were 5 speciality restaurants and a buffet. In addition, there were two premium restaurants -- La Cava and El Pescador, which required a $25 pp fee. We had one option apiece for these with the VIP package, and it was good (La Cava), but I would not pay $25 extra pp. You needed reservations for the other 5 restaurants, but a concierage was available in the buildings all day, and we had no problem booking. The food was good and varied. We really enjoyed the Dominican restaurant -- typical Dominican food. We enjoyed a complimentary 20 minute back massage on the beach (part of the VIP package) and since I was a certified diver, had a complimentary dive with the VIP. The grounds are spacious and well kept, the staff very friendly and accomodating. There is a shuttle bus to and from the main building from the room buildings, but we always walked. We did not go to the shows -- they didn't start until 9:45 pm and we preferred sitting on our balcony and listening to the surf. This was a great time to go (albeit the threat of hurricanes) -- the weather was great and far less crowds. We did three off site tours: the Marinarium (swimming with nurse sharks and rays), Outback Safari (an all day journey to the rural area of the DR), and an on the beach horseback ride. All were good and worthwhile. All and all, I feel this is a good choice and great value.

Great value and location This is a great find in Barcelona for reasonable lodging in a nice, quiet neighborhood 1 block from the metro. It is a small, family run hotel -- clean well apointed rooms -- including a small kitchenette. The bathroom even has washclothes and an electrical outlet for curling irons (a rarity in Europe!). The staff were very accomodating and all spoke English. There was free internet access in the lobby. The cost (August, 2005) was 80 Euros per night, including all taxes.

Great Resort -- Great Time! We stayed at the RIU Palace Punta Cana from December 12 2008. What a lovely resort many amenities. Our room was a large, including a bathroom with Jacuzzi bathtub, sitting area with sofa and TV (even FOX News!), and nice balcony. There was a minibar stocked with beer and softdrinks and liquor dispensers with brandy, vodka, gin, and rum. sure you could have asked for a substitute if desired, but we did not. Tap water is not potable, but we were given gallon size jugs of purified water. Water and ice in all the restaurants and bars is fine. My only concern was the self-service ice machines which had no scoop reported this to the front desk (not exactly sanitary to use hands!), but it never changed. I just went to the bar near the ice machine and then filled the ice bucket a scoop! There were five alternate restaurants went to all except the Japanese. All were good and each was a uniquely different venue. You need a reservation for these can make them between 8 am and noon earlier is definitely the rule if you want a particular restaurant and time (6:30 or 9:00 pm choices). I went between 8 and 8:30 and got our requests. The grounds are immaculate, very spacious, and truly beautiful. The beach is spectacular as well and lots of lounges and trees, if shade is desired. The swimming pool is very large, clean, and well maintained. A large, swim-up beach bar is also there with prompt service. The rooms were very clean and maintained that way. We read about problems with musty odors, but did not experience that. We had brought a room deodorizer, but did not need it at all. We did give our maid $2 daily know if that makes a difference, but she did such a good job and the $2 to her certainly meant more than to me is a very poor country. All the staff were very polite and accommodating. We had been to Punta Cana about 15 months before resort, and therefore had done some of the off property activities. I would recommend the Outback Safari goes into the mountain region and gives you a chance to see more of the countryside. The other good trip is to the Marinarium great marine park with an opportunity to swim with nurse sharks and rays. All and all, it was a great trip do like the RIU properties, but the is definitely the most elegant and has the most amenities.

A Good Time I have never been the one to write a review, but I feel unfair that this hotel is getting such bad reviews. This hotel in on great property and is situated on a gorgeous beach. The swimming pools are amazing. There is one pool which is livelier and plays music, has entertainment and has the swim-up bar. The other pool is very relaxing with built in loungers to lye down on and spraying water, both pools are very big. The water playground makes me wish I was a kid all over again, very cool for families. The food at the Italian, Dominican, and Japanese restaurants was amazing! The buffet food was okay. Defiantly check out the Tex Mex restaurant for lunch if you are looking for a sit down, relaxing lunch near the beach. Yes, this hotel did have some problems but what do you expect when you staying at a 6++ (And trust me things do go wrong at ANY hotel you stay at). I am a very experienced traveler so in comparison to the many other resorts I stayed at which were mostly all 5+ hotels, this hotel did very good! Some of the negative aspects of this hotel include: our room was clearly one of the older rooms, but it was kept very clean and we were never in it anyways. And if I had to search for another negative the nightclub did stink like vomit. The worst part of this hotel was the service. Unfortunately the service was the worst I have seen out of any resort I have stayed at. Not the typical and you would expect to interact with at a hotel. It seemed as if most people care if you handed them a tip (some never even said thank you or smiled) yet, other people at the resort had no problems and found the service to be very good. The wait to get a drink at the lobby is out of control. They defiantly need stronger management. But overall, the hotel was very nice and we met some really cool people and had an awesome time! Defiantly if people need to rely on a 100% perfect hotel, this is not your hotel. This hotel is for people who want to have fun, have patience, and make the best with the people they are with! I went on this vacation with my boyfriend and we are in our twenties and it was perfect for us.

disappointed Like a previous reviewer, we expected our 2 night stay at the Singapore Shangri La to be one of the highlights of our Singapore / Vietnam / Bintan trip. But like that person, we too were disappointed. In 2006 we stayed at the Shangri La , Sydney, on a Horizon Club deal. This was excellent value for money, superb room, great complimentary evening snacks and drinks etc.So we booked the same deal in Singapore. Room was fine, but no better than any other Singapore 4 or 5 star hotel. Bathroom did not have a separate shower, just curtain round bath. We queried whether we were actually in a Horizon room, and were told that it recently been upgraded to Horizon Status . Other than notepaper with Horizon Club heading, we could see any extra advantages.The complimentary evening snacks were very average, and there were long waits while the empty dishes were replenished. Although the first drinks were brought quickly, the service became markedly slower after that. Eventually my husband tired of waiting for a drink that never came , so we left.Although the hotel has a lovely pool and beautiful gardens, we felt that we had paid over the odds for what we got. We would happily return to the Sydney Shangri La, but not to the Singapore hotel.On our return through Singapore we stayed at the Intercontinental on Middle Rd. Much better value, and better room and breakfast buffet

the gallo is great Have just spent three nights at San Gallo Palace hotel and would definitely reccomend it. The room was of typical city hotel size, and the bathroom very well appointed. We had standard room no. 101, which happened to have a terrace over the bar area, a good room to request.Despite being close to a busy traffic roundabout, there was no problem with noise.Yes, the hotel is a little distance from main attractions, but we enjoyed the walk, ( we are reasonably fit fifty somethings ), and never used buses or taxis. On our first night we walked to the Oltrano district, across the river, and had a very good meal at the Osteria San Spirito in Piazza San Spirito.The other two nights we ate at trattorias reccommended by the hotel reception staff, and were very pleased with both reccommendations. The first was Alfredo's, very close to the hotel, and the other was Accademia, just a little further away. Had delicious food at both.All the hotel staff were very pleasant and helpful. Would definitely stay here again.P.A. Wrexham, Wales

Hotel Soho is THE BEST!! We recently spent 4 days (a precruise stay in Barcelona) at this wonderful funky hotel after reading the great reviews on Trip Advisor and finding almost all comments to be true. I cannot thank David Iturbi (at the Front Desk) enough for all the help he gave us. First, he recommended the Romantic Package which was a much better deal than the original regular room booking we had made online. It came with a complementary hearty buffet breakfast every morning, a bottle of Cava and Chocolates in our room , a delightful dinner around the corner at Iurantia with Wine AND an upgrade to a beautiful Terrace Room. David also helped us with making reservations for 18 of our fellow Cruise Critic folks who met for a precruise dinner the night before we sailed at a great local (non-touristy) restaurant, the Taverna cam Margarit. Would have been hard for us to do from the US since they didn't open until 9pm Barcelona time and didn't speak much English. All in all, a great time was had by all.We found all of the Front Desk staff to be most helpful with suggestions and directions. Hotel Soho cannot be beat for value and great ambience. WE WOULD DEFINITELY STAY THERE AGAIN!!!!

Just okay, not really great Our stay at Royal at Queens was just plain okay. It's nothing spectacular and there were some problems with the hotel. First, the walls in our room needed repainting (or a thorough cleaning). There was a yellowish substance on the walls that kinda looked gross (I think old paint has chipped off) and the sink in the toilet was a little clogged. Housekeeping also left a wet towel (that we didn't use!) on top of our luggage, so of course, our luggage got wet! There was also this irritating housekeeping lady that kept on pressing our doorbell while shouting housekeeping! and so she woke up our tired little baby who was napping!! Can't she just buzz once and wait for a reply rather than push the doorbell again and again?!? Breakfast was again, just ok. Food was plentiful but it wasn't the best. I loved the orange juice though, and the staff there was quite polite. Location-wise, it's okay since it's right behind Allson and there's a good enough foodcourt beside it. Bugis and OG were quite near, although the 10-15 minute walk was kinda tiring if you're carrying a little baby. Overall, Royal at Queens is a little below average. It's definitely not a 4-star hotel!

Bali Hyatt - we loved it Me and my boyfriend together with friends (2 adults + 2children) spent 10days in Bali this June , 6 nights at Bali Hyatt and 4 nights at Nusa Dua Beach Hotel and we were very pleased.I would say rooms at Bali Hyatt (we stayed in the ordinary oceanviewrooms, our friends had 2 rooms with a connecting door ) are good 4 star standard, nicely furnished, a good-size balcony but the bathrooms even though charming in a way are a bit dated BUT the servicelevel and the friendliness of the staff was the very best ! There was lots of staff, when having breakfast for example there was always someone close by to pick-up the empty plate or to bring extra coffee or whatever you required. Always a smile and questions about how you were doing etc. They really made us feel at home from day1.The beach is nice BUT there is lots of seaweed in the water which makes it difficult to swim at low tide. The hotel has 2 pools, both very nice.Apart from breakfast we had just one lunch and one dinner at the hotel. The food and service was excellent but a bit expensive. There is a good choice of restaurants and shops in the Sanur area and if You want to go somewhere else fo shopping food Kuta is only about 30 minutes away and transportation is easy to find and cheap - we paid about IDR70.000 one-way for a big car (room enough for the 6 of us).One night we went to Jimbaran for seafood; food was excellent and it was a lovely experience to sit directly on the beach and have dinner. The smoke from the restaurants was a bit annoying however. All and all we were very happy with our stay at the Bali Hyatt, Sanur and if I come back I would definitely stay there again

great facilities Travelled to Bali in June 2007 with my boyfriend + friends of us (a family with 2 children aged 8+14years)I actually stayed of couple of nights at Nusa Dua Beach HotelSpa already 7 or 8years ago but not on holidays..After 6 nights at Bali Hyatt, Sanur we moved to Nusa Dua Beach Hotel.Everything about the hotel met my expectations. Me my boyfriend stayed in a deluxe room and our friends stayed in a superior room for 4. The hotel was nice enough to give us rooms with poolseaview. If just looking for a room for 2 people it is definitely worth the pricedifference to stay in deluxe instead of superiorroom. The bathroom of the deluxeroom is so much better - both shower and tub and open shutters so You get a view of bedroom and even a bit beyond. Beach is very nice but again seaweed in water makes swimming a bit difficult. The 2 pools are very nice. The table tennis and snooker table was much appreciated by everyone in our company. Brekafast was plentiful. Apart from breakfast the only meal we had at hotel was one lunch- pizza and it was OK but too expensive! Service was good as expected at 5star hotel BUT not more - I did not feel the same personal touch as I did at Bali Hyatt. Our friends and especially the children however liked it more at Nusa Dua - more things happening around the hotel area!If You do not want to have all Your meals at the hotel there are some restauarants( and also shops) right outside the gate into Nusa Dua area, it takes about 10minutes to walk (and if You do not want to walk all restaurants have transportation)

Cant wait to go back! So pretty!

The grounds was out of this world.Beautiful. The map...resort is huge

Except for Tony, stay was great! Do Not Expect Tequila on check in!Firstly, be aware if you book with Orbitz and hate your hotel, you are stuck. We were greated with a obviously stressed Tony, although we were the only ones in the lobby. Our room was promised after 3pm. At 3335, we were told there was a problem with a backed up toilet in the room. Not a good start. We were told that was the only room available (possibly because we were prepaid as Tony told us over and over, so beware of how you book, you may get a lesser room because you are stuck and they know it). We asked if they could find us another hotel and we were rudely informed by Tony that he would hold our reservation until we found another room but they wouldn't help us find another hotel. Again, Tony reminded us that we were prepaid. In other words, we were stuck. Room was great, double pained windows, quiet. Clean, clean, clean. Offered tequila on checkout, not by Tony. Would have been perfect exept for check in.

Fabulous! Only a portion of the enormous pool area

Excellent service, great room I was really impressed with the attitude of the bellhop and valet as we arrived. They were so friendly and full of information. We had a lovely big room with very spacious bathroom. Only a few blocks walk to Chinatown where we had dinner and then walked on to North Beach for drinks. We love San Francisco and prefer this location to Union Square.

superlative service and room! THE most comfortable bed I've ever slept in! Also, huge tub in the bathroom and separate power shower, Frette bathrobes. Jasmin tea and cookies delivered to room upon arrival, chocolate strawberries and biscuits for our honeymoon. Lovely view of bridge. Very knowledgeable concierge.We did feel slightly untidy though walking through the lobby on Saturday evening, returning after a day's sightseeing as the ambiance is quite formal! Perhaps not the best location for sightseeing but handy for Chinatown and we like to walk anyway.We loved it here though and were given booklets about Carmel as we checked-out when we mentioned that we were driving down the coast. A nice touch!SF is a great city. All the tourist attractions are really worthwhile doing and the city has an energy simialr to NYC but not quite so frantic! Loved it!

Disappointing Firstly our room was really shabby and I couldn't believe it was a Westin hotel. We could hear our neighbor on the telephone for hours, the walls obviously paper thin. The bathroom was very small and generally our room had nothing going for it other than the view of the Christmas tree in Union Square.I also thought the security was lax as there are several entrances into the hotel which lead to elevators and it would be easy for someone to wander in.We were woken by housekeeping at 8am as there was no Do not disturb sign. Also the Housekeeping closet was just along the hallway and the staff chatted loudly for quite a while, spoiling our lie-in.

3-star hotel in a 5-star location Stayed 9 nights in Elan early December with my husband as a post-surgery recovery stay before flying back home. Rooms = small, but the bed is great and large. Decoration is very simple and modern. Walls are too thin as usual, so you end up hearing your neighbor's conversation. Hopefully we were on the top floor. One big problem is the central air-conditionning system = it is very loud and noisy and you cannot switch it off in your room. So we had to change room and bought some tape and cartoon to fix it in front of the air opening.Value = I won't say the breakfast is free as advertised by the hotel as for sure they factored the cost into the room price. For information, we went to the Sofitel nearby and asked for the room price and it comes only USD 60 more expensive per night but you have a truly 5-star hotel service and amenities. So good value if you take the location into consideration.Extra = mandatory valet parking (by the way check your bill carefully as we rented a car for the 1st day only and they charged us valet parking = USD 15 for our entire 9 nights stay although we had no car anymore), a small but convenient gym with a TV and a PC free to use for hotel guests.Location = great location as we did not have a car. Walking distance of Beverly Center, Beverly Connection, Cedars Sinai Hospital, Farmers Market. I also took the buses to go around the area (Getty Center, Warner Studio Tour) and it was no problem at all. But don't count on the hotel to provide you this information as they won't have any idea. Instead go to www.metro.net

Great location for shopping We stayed in this hotel during our last trip to Paris and it was excellent. Hotel is completely new or/and refurbished. Beds were great, breakfast was delicious, gym was small but had all the equipments needed to stay in shape including a sauna. Staff at reception was nice and helpful... much better service than the snobish Park Hyatt near Place Vendome... and equally close to all the department stores and shops near Madeleine.

Good hotel if you are deaf Recently restored hotel. Very nice decorated room, bed is comfortable and bathroom is convenient. The major problem of this hotel is the thin wall between each room. My husband and I heard all the conversation of our neighbor...Also do ask for a room facing the interior yard... since traffic is terrible in Paris. Also, do not trust the Concierge when booking an early taxi for the airport... Even with 1 day advance booking, our 'booked taxi' (a taxi booked through hotel in the early morning for the airport is usually a friend of one of the concierge staff...) never arrived. After 15 min, we took another one.

Quiet, Clean, Great Value -Best Little Motel in SF! The Castle Inn is our favorite small hotel in San Francisco! We have stayed there on 2 occasions the wonderful staff, convenient location, clean, quiet rooms keep us coming back! Located at Broadway Van Ness, Castle Inn is in a nice neighborhood with drug store, grocery, cafes cute shops within close walking distance. It's also right on the bus line is a straight shot down to Fisherman's Wharf. My dad I stayed for 4 quiet comfortable nights. We rented a car on our previous trip, but found that with a little planning, getting around on the bus was an easier less costly option. The Castle Inn does offer free parking though, which is a real bonus in SF! Parking throughout SF is difficult, pricey hard to find. For this trip, we purchased 3-day Muni Passes at the airport when we arrived, used those to travel the city on busses cable cars - a good value if you don't mind the challenges of riding city busses! Make sure you get a bus route map when you purchase your Muni Passes!Rooms at the Castle are clean comfortable - not fancy or large, but decent reasonably priced compared to many SF hotels. Our 2-bed room had a hairdryer, small fridge, coffee maker, free cable tv table with 2 large chairs. Our 3rd floor room overlooked a lovely yard of trees next door we could just see a bit of the Golden Gate Bridge in the distance. There is a nice little continental breakfast (coffee, cocoa, yogurt, fruit, pastries, granola bars) in the lobby. The best feature of the Castle Inn is our favorite hostess, Versa! She is always so pleasant, accomodating knowledgeable with good advice about the city. They also gave us a chart showing busses/stop locations to go to various tourist locations throughout the city. Castle Inn also has a nice website worth checking out.If you want a clean, decent room to sleep in at night a hot shower in the morning without a lot of pricey luxury, the Castle Inn is a little gem of a motel in a convenient location to get to the tourist attractions easily. I have will continue to recommend San Francisco's Castle Inn to anyone considering a trip to the City by the Bay!

A good but not excellent place to stay The hotel room is average, though perhaps a bit worn. Since we were travelling in Aug. air conditioning was important for us, and it was very good. However we were disappointed that the safe, another requirement of ours, was not electronic and we had to pay 4 Euros a day for the lock. The hotel is very large in an impressive but again, somewhat worn building, and so sometimes waiting for the elevator was a chore and we took the stairs. One of the staff members was very helpful in confirming our ongoing flight, another wasn't. The brunch was very nice. The location was excellent in terms of getting anyplace we wanted to go--we're enthusiastic tourists. But the hotel fronts on the Avenida which in Aug. is packed with people, to the extent that our taxi couldn't turn onto it when we arrived and instead we had to walk 1/2 a block. Leaving at 5:45 AM this was no problem. Personally I didn't like the crowds, either on the Avenida or on the Ramblas but others might not mind them, and of course, in other months they might be less dense.

Royal Club, Royal Treatment we stayed the week of January 5th...as property owners we upgraded to the Royal Club...please consider this level for the extra money...the service, staff, restaurant, pool, guest room, private beach area which is stocked with beer, soda and water was well worth the money...you never felt like you were in this hugh resort..dinner reservations in the restaurants are no problem and yes we ate in the buffet restaurants 2 nights and waited in line but you can't feed 2000 people in one seating....there were always plenty of beach chairs at the beach and pool area...the hotel grounds are beautiful, clean, lobby spacious, plenty of activities and the activitiy kids do a good job during the day and then putting on the shows at night, a dollar here and there for the staff goes a long way and is greatly appreciated. We would return to the hotel but only stay in the royal club rooms because we really felt like a vip....

Nothing spectacular This was my first time in the DR and my first time doing an all inclusive in years. First let me say I had a renovated room right near the lobby and the room was great. My advise, request a renovated room PRIOR to yoru departure. The hotel grounds were beautiful, the beach was clean and the staff was very very helpful.....As for the food....you will get sick of it after a while. I was there for 5 nights. The Gourmet restuarant was far from gourmet...but the food was tolerable/average. No one I traveled with got sick. If you want more action, then I would stay at the Domicana. Thats where the casino is and its pretty lively there at night. The bavaro is pretty dead. We went to the small casino every night and had a good time. The drinks were pretty terrible. Only 1 beer to choose from and sometimes when I ordered a frozen drink it came w/ ice. But what do you expect for the price i paid for this trip through apple vacation? The trip from airport to hotel was terrible, way over an hour on bumpy roads. Listen, for the price it was a really nice vacation. Would I go back? No but that doesnt mean I wouldnt recommend it for someone looking for a nice relaxing cheap vacation as long as you dont care about fine dining.

Just okay We had come for a wedding and got a decent rate of 185 a night. Puerto Rico in general if you stay in San Juan I dont think is a very luxurious vacation. The water is not crystal clear blue and the sand is not white like some other islands in the carribean. The drinks were priced outrageously. Lunch for 2 was 50 bucks a day. They were doing construction on the elevators so be prepared to wait. The restaurants are nothing special. There is a japanese restaurant that is very casual and small and as for Ruth Chris, you can eat that any time in the States. The pool area is clean and pretty. The service is pretty good. Its close to the El San Juan which is where I recommend going to at night. Its right next door and is a fun place to hang w/a large casino, shops and good eats. There are tons of airline staff staying here and business people which is who i think they cater to. Overall, it was not a bad stay just nothing special. I would recommend the EL san juan next door which or a different island altogether. And bring bug spray. I got bit up really bad on the beach.

Tropical Paradise US IN THE MACAO RESTAURANT

Good Location,nice,clean hotel Just returned from our 2nd trip in as many years to wonderful,diverse San Francisco. Can not wait to plan another trip to my favorite city in the country! Stayed at Holiday Inn Express Fisherman's Wharf.We like staying in the wharf area so chose this hotel . The hotel is located close to anything you need. Stores, shops,food, the wharf, Ghiradelli, the Cannery. great area. The hotel was very clean. plenty of room to move around in our room, and very helpful friendly staff. We had requested a refridge in the room (daughter's dietary needs). When we got checked in and arrived in the room there wasn't a fridge. Called the front desk and within minutes one was delivered to the room. Have only positive comments concerning the staff and front desk.Back to the room, the beds were comfortable, everything looked fairly new and nice bath products left every day.The maid service was good. Funny thing not once~never ,saw a maid, maids cart or any sign of them our entire stay. Rooms had always been cleaned by the time we returned from our days excursions.The only negative I can think of is there was absolutlely no view from our room. It was an inner quiet room as we requested, but our only view wasa wall of other rooms. Maybe if we stayed on the highest floor (4 I think) may have had a view. The street side rooms may have a view, but they are very noisy with traffic. Wasn't a huge deal as we use the room only for cleaning up and sleeping. Just compared to a different hotel we stayed previous vacation. Watched Alcatraz, the water every morning with my coffee..So, probably unfair to compare. The free cont. breakfast was adequate.If you want fresh, cooked to order breakfast, there are several places within steps of the hotel.I feel if it's free nobody has a right to complain.All in all I feel for the price this was the best deal we could have found. Have no complaints about the hotel itself or the staff. We had a great time.

Do your homework on public transportation ! I stayed here during an extra rainy stretch of weather with a girlfriend of mine in early November. While a an easy 10-15 minute walk to the Pike Place market area, the return to the hotel is not so easy; a four or five (short) block walk up fairly steep streets. The people working at the hotel are helpful, efficient and are willing to assist you at the drop of a hat; the only concern I have about their abilities are their errors and lack of knowledge about public transportation--they made casual mistakes about the bus routes from the airport and around the general area--look at the Seattle PT website before you leave! This is not a hotel best suited to the poorer tourist!As for the rooms, they are attractive, clean and have some stylistic leanings toward art deco, and are befitting the renaissance chain. My friend and I did worry about the darkness in the bathtub when the shower curtains are closed--they need some sort of lighting! The pool and fitness room were attractive, clean, though small, and would have had impressive views of south Seattle and the Sound if not fogged up!For the travel agent rate I booked the hotel for, the hotel was a fantastic bargain.

Castle Inn SF a hidden gem Scoma restaurant Prawns

Perfect Hotel in a Perfect Location Hotel Bar

loved this hotel What a gem, I almost did not write the review because then it will become too popular, large rooms, very clean, exceptional service and a central location,ticks all the boxes.

Chuggin' Along The rooms are small, but that is the norm for Europe. That said - location, location, location ! Very near the Central station, the main shopping artery, the canal boat tour offices and the grown up fun side of Amsterdam, this little gem is a treasure. Breakfast is included. Nothing fancy, but substantial and you can eat your fill. The management and staff are terrific and eager to pass on hints, helps and every courtesy possible. Loved the train decor. All in all, it is a terrific place to hang ones' luggage ( or backpack ) and start exploring Amsterdam. Oh, there is internet access - either using their pc or your own.

Loved the Sofitel We stayed here in August, peak season and had a wonderful time. Initially booked 4 nights stayed another 3 and came back for our last night after a tript o Ubud for a few days. Checkin was welcoming, room was fine....a bit dark but not spending much time here anyway. Staff were friendly and very welcoming and requests for ice/extra towels etc were always speedy. Loved the pool, had a problem with the sunbeds being reserved early in the morning (not just the best ones!) and at 10am there were 42 saved beds with towels and no people and nowhere to sit. This was dealt with by pool staff and later by Leisure manager who was apologetic!Can't agree with the comments re the buffet. Maybe the buffet is different during peak summer months but I have never had a better buffet. There was a huge range of fresh fruits, dried fruits, crystalised fruit, poached fruit, muesli, cereals, seeds, nuts, homemade yoghurt. Then there were freshly baked breads, the best croissants I have had outside France, pastries, cake, cheeses, cold meats, lots of Asian hot food and Yes you only got one freshly squeezed juice included but there was endless 'non freshly squeezed' on the buffet. The coffee was excellent, freshly made espresso coffee, unlike a lot of breakfast buffets where you get lukewarm filter coffee. The separate cooked breakfast a-la-carte menu meant you could have eggs, french toast, bacon etc freshly cooked to order insted of the usual overcooked buffet style. If this buffet changes off season, I will find out as we are returning in May!All in all, I would highly recommend the Sofitel as a great international style hotel, not particularly Balinese in style but beautiful gardens and great relaxing pool.The restaurants were relatively expensive compared to local eateries but great food especially in the Thai restaurant.

Good location, friendly staff We are priority club members so we often stay at Holiday Inns. The place is a great location, walk down the hill to the Grauman Theater and the mall down the hill was even open on Xmas Day with lots of nice restaurants and shops. The staff was very very friendly. We had problems with the television and the engineer was there in about 5 minutes to fix it. The room was a little small for three of us (just two double beds and nothing else except a room with just a king size bed and we had our daughter with us). They made sure we got a book of discount coupons that saved us money in the mall and other places and were full of advice. It is good value for the location. It was a very pleasant experience.

A pleasant surprise I never write reviews, although I do pay attention to them. I read a lot of bad reviews before going to Paradisus this March and was a bit nervous. I'm happy to report that after a week with my husband and 2 grown sons, we all had a wonderful experience. Check-in was a breeze. We took our luggage to our room so delivery of baggage wasn't an issue. We had Royale Service, which I highly recommend. The room (ocean view) was very nice, clean and well appointed. Maid service was excellent .The Royale Service pool was fabulous. We reserved a private palapa each day with no problem. The bartenders and attendants were extremely efficient and friendly. (When a gentleman dropped a piece of fruit poolside a nearby bartender quickly picked it up, washed it, and returned it to the man's lounge chair. ) Our private butler introduced himself to us the first day. And although we never used his services, he saw my husband 3 days later and spoke to him by name! (very impressive)The grounds are beautiful and extremely well kept up and clean. No surprise....the beach was not great - can't really walk it or swim. But the kayaking was fun.We didn't expect gourmet food and didn't get it. (This is the reason I'm not giving this resort a 5* rating) The breakfast and lunch buffets were terrific (But avoid the Mirador Grill - ugh! opt for the Carribean instead) Romantico is over rated. We enjoyed Avocado and Tuscano better. Bamboo is your typical hibachi place.(Avocado has great beef) Overall we found that the beef was much better than the fish -fine for my sons but my husband and I prefer seafood. The snacks that were always set up in the Royale Service Lounge were great.There was a problem with a restaurant booking one night. When the RS manager called to explain we couldn't get the time we reserved at our chosen restaurant, we didn't make a big deal about it. He quickly got us a table at another restaurant. Fifteen minutes later he, along with a waiter, arrived at our room with a bottle of wine and a plate of hors d'oeuvres to make ammends for the mistake. Now that's great PR!!! I cannot stress the cleanliness enough - everywhere! Especially the bathrooms. EVERYONE (maids, shuttle drivers, bartenders, waitstaff, gardeners, watersports staff, etc. etc) was extremely warm and friendly, and always quick to greet us.Certainly everyone cannot expect to have as good an experience as we had. But I do recommend it highly and hope that some people will take advantage of this great all-inclusive resort before it no longer is all-inclusive as of May 1.

Very Clean Room OhanaEast - View from porch

Beautiful Courtyard Surfrider - View from porch

Loved this small hotel We travelled to Australia in November 2007 from Canada and stayed 4 nights at the Best Western Hotel Stellar in Sydney prior to taking the 28-day Around Australia cruise. We had read the reviews on Trip Advisor and can only add that they were accurate. The Stellar is a very well appointed small boutique hotel. Centrally located - we could walk downtown Sydney in 20 minutes. Near bus stops, walking distance to railway station (train to airport) and restaurants. The rooms are spacious with kitchenette which we didn't need, but it would be a good feature for someone staying longer. The bathroom were all marble and tiles and quite large. The room and bathroom were very clean and new looking. The staff was very helpful and courteous. There is a locker room off the Lobby for storing luggage, if needed and reasonably priced internet access in the Lobby. A small cafeteria adjacent to the Lobby (not own by the hotel) was excellent for a light breakfast. Lovely, very reasonably priced, small hotel that we would recommend highly. A winner in a city that is rather expensive otherwise.

Great location We stayed at the Holiday Inn Sydney Airport one night prior to returning to Canada. This hotel is very convenient to the airport. It's comfortable and has a first class, reasonably priced shuttle service to the international terminal. Highly recommended for anyone needing accommodation near the airport.

Hotel National Not What We Hoped This hotel is not accurately represented on their website. The room was dirty carpets, dusty, but bathroom was clean. They said they had AC but only a desktop fan. I tried my best to communicate with staff in German, but some English had to be spoken. They were very rude once they relized we were Americans. Positive--the inclusive Buffet was AWESOME in the morning. Also, location being across from subway station was convenient, but confusing for a new tourist.Bottom line: The resort talks itself up to be better than it is. My suggestion in to go next door to Hotel Color. The area was so-so, but not a good place if you have children/teenagers.

An American in Germany Radisson SAS is a unique find in Europe. It gives you the feel of American travel, so if it is your first time in Frankfurt and you don't speak German, this is a good place to stay. All staff is very internationally acommodating. The building is top of the line eco friendly.Rooms are 5 STAR. All modern, new construction. Eco friendly. Even glass in shower with speakers so you can watch tv while you shower.Bar/Restaurant with patio deck and lobby is 5 STAR. very modern and hip.Staff was 5+ STAR.Pool and Sauna etc area was 5 STAR. the pool overlooks the city on the top floor. it is a small pool, but a neat location. all facilities were clean and chic.The negatives--refridgerator in room doesn't let you store your own items. it has a laser sensor and will charge you thinking you are taking beverages from it.Room keys were needed to ride elevator, but we had to have our keys reset 2 times during stay.Location was not the best if you are there for leisure visit to Frankfurt. Business travelers will find this a good location.HOWEVER, Frankfurt has an incredible subway system, so getting around from there was ok.

I wish there was a Hotel Europa everywhere... Dante Suite - please excuse our stuff (we were just so excited about the room!)

Upgrade to the villas - trust me The Sofitel Seminyak is located at the end of a great restaurant strip in Seminyak. The hotel has direct access to the beach - unlike some Legian and Kuta hotels which have a road between the hotel and beach.The hotel grounds are massive with divine private villas, the typical hotel room spread, lovely gardens and ponds. There are two pools - one big one that overlooks the beach, and a smaller private one in the gardens. There are heaps of sun lounges, with waiters coming around periodically to provide drinks, cool towels and fruit kebabs - yum!I stayed in a 'Superior' room and wish I had spent the money for a villa. The room itself was huge - the biggest hotel room I've been in, and it had nice views, but doesn't compare to a villa. The room had a mini-bar, safe, big TV, balcony and outdoor setting. The king size bed was sensational. The bathroom was marble, but the paint a little chipped and made the bathroom look a bit tired.Unusually, the bathroom only had one towel (king size) per person - not the usual two towels. Also, no face washers. But, good amenities (hair brush, toothbrushes, bubble bath, shampoo conditioner, lotion).Breakfast was average. Sure - lots of fruit and asian dishes. but I've travelled quite a bit to lots of 5 star hotels and am used to having direct access to the chef and watching them cook a hot breakfast. Eventually, I just had fruit salad every breakfast.Seminyak is the BEST location for restaurants - they are really outstanding here. I recommend 'Bennys Bistro', just up the road. Not glamorous, but great food at good prices. And eating outside is nice. Also recommend 'Studio 5'. This is a sensational place - 5 star quality food at rediculous prices. I had a four course meal for what turned out to be AUD$8!!

Great location and great for the price (comparitively) Stayed for three nights and loved every minute.We actually booked a standard room with 2 double beds and was not expecting much at all. When checking in we were advised that we'd been upgraded to a pool view room with king bed.We had room 712 and it was fabulous - great view of the pool, the Moana Surfrider across the street and also some ocean view. The room was tastefully decorated and updated - had the most comfortable (king) bed I've ever slept in. Was like sleeping on a cloud. The room also had a small 2 seater couch, desk, wardrobe with iron and safe (at a charge!), TV and large mini fridge.The bathroom was smallish but lots of towels and shower over bath. The shower had good pressure but when filling the bath the water didn't seem to get hot enough.The lanai had two chairs and a table, which was great to sit out on at night and listen to the music playing from the pool side.We were actually staying as part of our honeymoon, and returning to our room on the second day we had a lovely bottle of sparkling wine waiting for us, which was really nice and thoughtful.The pool is a good size and there are lots of lounge chairs to sit on. The strange thing is that the pool is incredibly deep - starts at a meter and then goes to almost 2 meters deep. the water was over my head after leaving one end of the pool by a meter or so. In otherwords, watch your kids - there is no kids pool either.Lobby was huge and lots of internet stations. The concierge can give you a great little bus route map and the travel desk always seemed busy and not very helpful.Front desk people were always really nice. Checking out was very quick.One thing I would fault is that the in room safe is charged at $3.25 per day! The location is superb - walking distance to anywhere and the bus stop to either the USS Arizona memorial or Hanauma Bay (or anywhere for that matter) is just around the corner.I really liked this hotel - i've stayed at the Moana Surfrider before, and also the Ohana West around the corner. For the room price and location, I was really impressed and would definetly stay again!

Good base We stayed for 3 nights. The hotel is very clean and the staff are good. It was a great base with the Underground station outside. yYu feel that it's certainly in the East Berlin side, with very functional buildings around this stark and huge plaza.Little cafes, for breakfast and the Galleria shopping centre are outside hotel. The breakfast is expensive in the hotel, and the cafes are fine for a croissant or a roll and coffee.The beds are most comfortable, and the bathroom fine, if you're staying with your partner!The Kilkenny Irish pub is close by in the Hackescher Markt station. Look out for the following restaurants:Mutter Hoppe on Rathaustrasse 21, and Brauhaus Lemke in Hackescher Markt. For a snack, buy a bratwurst for a euro on Alexanderplatz!

Very Pleasant Stay I visited NYC for the first time 6/1-6/5 and stayed at The Benjamin. Arriving during the early morning hours (3 a.m.) after a horrendous flight delay, I found the gentleman at the front desk to be sociable and helpful and the room to be a soothing finish to the night from hell.My room (20th floor) was in very good condition - roomy, nice carpet, comfy bed, small kitchen w/stocked refrigerator (flat water, juices, etc). Bathroom simple and elegant with that white marble and fine, hot shower.Despite previous reports re: a/c problems (with this hotel and/or other hotels in NYC), mine worked fine. Granted, it is a little loud but it's something that actually lulls me to sleep and it wasn't outrageous.Yes, the bed had that sheet -around-comforter but it doesn't bother me - hotels in Europe have the same thing. The pillows were nice and the bed soft. Maid service was excellent.Monday a.m. rained buckets due to the remnants of a tropical storm. So I found the umbrella that hung in the closet to be quite handy. The safe as well. Nice wooden hangers.Really, nothing to complain about. Except the noisy denizens down a few doors down one night who took to slamming their doors and shouting in the hallway but management has no control over the chaotic masses. One thing that I enjoyed - this hotel seemed in close proximity to everything - MOMA on 53rd, the Morgan Library on 36th(?). The Subway (47-50th) - F, V to lower Manhattan - was a few blocks west. So it's central to quite a bit.When I checked out, the doormen were very efficient - ordered me a taxi and then carried the bag across the street and laid it in the trunk. Also, any time I called the front desk, they were helpful.

Wonderful experience We booked the Premier Grand Rooms, we were thinking about booking the corner room, but corner rooms can't add extra bed. We have a huge window with a very nice view of the Tokyo city. Room was nicely decorated, the room is pretty big comparing to other tokyo hotels. I love the bathroom, it was really nice. Service was wonderful too, the conceirge desk helped out a lot with the area info, book restaurants train tkts for us. We'll def. stay at MO next time when we're at Tokyo

Beautiful location We had a truly wonderful stay at the Four Seasons Sayan. Though I love luxury life, I do not like worldwide chain resorts, so this is my first Four Seasons experience (which already ensures me that I will def. check other 4 Seasons next time !!)The location is perfect, it really gives you the wow factor once you entered the resort from the not-so-special winding roads. The resort seems to exist in another world with the peaceful lotus pond in the jungle. We find the architecture fascinating with all the rooms/villas down below the lotus pond.We were very lucky and got a generous offer for an upgrade to a two bedroom villa. The view is just breathtaking with the jungle around us and the ayung river right at our sight. (A staff told me that our villa got the best view!)Our villa is very spacious. Amenities and toiletries basically got everything you need. Rooms are clean and well appointed, I found our beds pretty comfy too. Our indoor pool is beautiful and allowed us to enjoy the view. Oh, and there's also an outdoor shower which is pretty fun.We were pretty satisfied with the service as well. Everyone was really friendly to us, and I didn't find them pretentious at all. We were greeted by staff members with smiles all the time, and they are also professional enough not to intrude us in any way.Spa is great (though pricey), do ask for treatments in spa villa though, the amenities and seclusion is a lot better than the main villa.Some minor comments would be on food. The food is good, but they are really pricey. We liked the food but we just don't think it's worth that price (especially in Ubud). Like other members suggested, I also highly recommend Mozaic restaurant. The food is much better and the price is less.I also wished that the hotel concierge did offer recommendation on activities upon our arrival.Overall, it was a really great experience staying at four seasons sayan, if I ever go back to Bali, I would definitely stay there again. I know a lot of people are deciding between Four Seasons Amankila, I also stayed at Amankila, check my review on Amankila if interested

Best in HK We were on a winter getaway package, and this package can immediately upgrade your room the next level suite (Superior Suite)However, when we got the hotel, we were upgraded to a Deluxe Harborview Suite, which is like 3x better than the room we booked. It definitely hit us as a huge surprise (we went on a busy weekend)The suite is very spacious and I love the decor in our living area. Peninsula HK got its own original style different than the other hotels around Victoria harbor.The view in our suite is amazing, we enjoyed looking out to the window over the river in our bed at night. The jacuzzi in the bathroom has its own view too (not the river though)We only stayed for two nights, but we didn't get newspaper the 2nd day, and there was no turndown service, I was a bit surprisedThe afternoon tea in the hall is like night market, we didn't have the tea but was scared by what we saw....I think they should have some other area especially for the staying guestsI don't really like Gaddi's in Peninsula, the food is average though the service is top notch. I've heard some other restaurants are really good but didn't have the chance to try them allOverall, Peninsula is still the best place best location to stay in HK

Impeccable Service !! I've heard tons of compliments on Amanresorts, especially on how great their service is. When I thought I know what's to be expected, the Amankila experience definitely exceeds my expectation !!The Aman shuttles (yes, they sent two Toyotas for us!) picked us up Four Seasons (Four Seaons had no airport shuttle). We did feel the royal treatment with cold towers, drinks and snacks on the car. The driver was very friendly, and told us about different villages and Balinese tradition along the way.Upon arrival, we were warmly greeted by staff members. The hotel is stunning looking over the Lambok Strait, and the legendary three story pool area is gorgeous.Our room is nicely appointed, though I do wish they can provide more toiletries at that room price. The room hides all the ugly little details, but then it was tricky to find the plug-ins. I noticed other members talked about no bugs in the room, but it was a different story in ours. Our room had a lot of bugs, and it really annoyed me when I had to scream out of my shower when I saw a huge spider on the wall. Although we booked an ocean view room, it is basically no difference than the garden view room unless you spent a lot of time on your porch area. I don't know if it's just my room, but I couldn't even see the ocean in the room. I would recommend either book the garden view or just skip to the pool suite, 200 for a view on the porch is not necessary to me personally. Privacy is a big issue to me too. The room is not secluded enough to us, and we can actually see people walking around in their rooms. Sometimes I lay in my bed trying to relax, saw some gardeners walking by and had to jump up and close the windows (and I need to close the windows to use bathtubs as well)We also did the some of the highly recommended activities, including the private beach dinner, breakfast at the bale and morning cruise. The beach dinner is a truly romantic wonderful experience, but the food is just ok which is a bit depressing with the great service and sound of the wave around. I personally do not like the breakfast at the bale very much. Honestly, we did not like the food at all, and the view is just ok, very $$$ too. But the morning cruise is fun and worth a try (if you skip the food part, too)Service is impeccable from getting to the hotel until we're ready to leave Bali. You're being taken care of to the smallest details possible, and we were so surprised to get airport assistance right off the shuttle. And we can not thank much to the wonderful driver who rushed us to the airport that got us in time to catch our flight (his driving skill is really mouth-dropping!). Everyone at the resort is friendly, and special thanks to Hosaiyo (I hope I didn't spell wrong!), who is so friendly so helpful during our stay. But sometimes I found some staffs a bit too chatty when we just want to be left quiet. I know they're just trying to be friendly but it is a bit hard to understand their english and it got a little annoying and intruding somehow.Food, we can not comment. The chef is a nice person but we do not like the food at all. The spaghettis we ordered is so dry and so hard to digest....everything else is so blah....The menu is lack of variety as well with only Indonesian food and Western. With the price charged, we really expected something a lot better.The beach area and the rooms involve some walking, so be prepared. Private beach is secluded but the sand is black, a bit disappointing but we still enjoyed the view.Overall, the hotel itself and the service is excellent, but the food needs a lot of improvement. But that's just my two cents, since food always takes a huge part on my vacations. Would I go back again? Not sure, but I'm interested in visiting other Amanresorts. I doubt I will go back to Amankila soon until they improved their food. (otherwise excellent)

trendy designer hotel Recently spent 2 nights at Hotel de Rome,Berlin with my husband who was on a business trip. It had only been open 6 weeks and so there were some minor teething troubles such as the TV internet facilities not working. Bedroom very comfortable but the duvet was heavy and it was too hot to sleep - there were no alternative bed coverings available. Also the pillows whilst being of the highest quality were too thick for my liking. The aircon was difficult to work out as there were no temperature markings and it was not possible to open the window only a little.The bathroom was very luxurious but the towels did not smell that fresh. The decor of the hotel is minimalist and beautifully colour coordinated. We had dinner in the dining room with guests and although the 'italian' food was of a very high standard, we were surprised to be charge over 80 euros for 7 bottles of mineral water! Breakfast is charged extra and you can help yourself from the buffet for 19 euros or have cooked stuff as well for 26 euros. Fantastic buffet of best quality cheese, meat, salmon, breads, cakes, fresh berries, cereals, juices etc. We did not use the spa but the water in the pool was warm.Good location in beautiful building with helpful staff.

Location, Value, Hospitality We arrived very early on a Sunday morning from the U.S. We were shown to our room in 5 minutes which is so wonderful after a very long over night flight. The people at the front desk could not have been more hospitable in booking tours, restaurant recommendations, mapping out the city, immediatelly printing out train schedules, arranging for taxis, etc. The hotel is in walking distance to most Madrid sights and the Metro station. It is situated in the old part of Madrid (that is where you want to be) a few minutes walk to Plaza Mayor, Puerto del Sol and the Royal Palace. Our room was clean, quiet, air conditioner worked wonderfully (major plus), free mini bar, Swiss chocolates delivered to your room on your first night. We reserved our room through a travel agent and had breakfast included. The breakfast was wonderful, one of the best breakfast displays I've seen in Europe (and we travel extensively). So, overall for the price and location this is the hotel to stay at when visiting Madrid. We had a wonderful time and will certainly return on our next visit to Madrid.

Lovely Hotel This lovely small, quiet boutique hotel is close to everything (Champs d'Elysee, Metro Station, Arc de Triumphe, Eiffel Tower and other areas only a short metro ride away). Also, if you have a car (as we did), you can get in and out of Paris in no time. The hotel room was perfect, we had a double deluxe, with plenty of closet space and just very comfortable overall. Hotel staff were very helpful and couldn't do enough to make our stay memorable. Breakfast was a bit pricey, but you can go to the Pastry shop just a couple of stores down. We shall return on our next trip to Paris.

An Amazing Week! Water Aerobics with Super Eli

Convenient Conrad I visit Hong Kong regularly and stayed at the Conrad 3 times. The check in process was always fast and efficient. I always booked the mountain view room - being their standard room and everytime I had positive experience. However, I cannot call this hotel perfect as the room size is small and although everything else seemed to look right, the general decor and furnitures were dated. Conrad seriously need a big round of refurbishment in their rooms if they havent started planning to do so - to really make the guests' money worth. Otherwise, Location is fantastic. I totally love the Pacific Place, it just feels great to know that the big mall with everything you need is right underneath. Few hours of shopping and then drop of our stuff to rest our feet is always a plus. My next trip in December, I will be trying The Lanson Place in causeway bay for the first time since their rooms look spanking new with very good deal I found on the internet. I will return to Conrad only if the company pays for my stay or after their future renovation!

Pleasant Stay at The Lanson place Being a dedicated fan of Small Luxury Hotels Group, I did not have any doubt trying out the Lanson Place during my christmas vacation. The promotional rates on the hotel site were good value for money and it should be booked through internet only. Upon arrival, everything seemed up to standard, the atmosphere, the lobby, the recpetionists and although there were a few other people checking in at the same time, the process was done within 3 minutes. The room was very well designed - I'd say a very high standard boutique hotel. The size of the room was not huge but the frequent use of glass partitions and mirrors made the general ambiance very chic and relaxed. It was nice to have a basket of snacks provided for free of charge daily and the living area was very comfortable. Bathroom was too small for 2 people to walk in and out at the same time, but the shower area was in a decent size. Oh, and the bed was one of the most comfortable bed ever! A perfect choice of bed to catch up with proper sleep from those late party nights. My experience would have been execellent if the breakfast buffet was more interesting. The dinning area was beautiful but not exactly practical to eat your breakfast. The choice of food was very limited and there were only pastries, yoghurt, some fruits, 2 choices of juice and that was it. I was expecting much more considering the standard of the hotel, that was honestly my only disappointment. Location wise, very good. I dont like the neighbourhood much as nextdoor was Indonesian supermarket but this was not a big deal. Getting around Causeway Bay was convenient and a cab was always easy to catch.

Good experience Stayed at The Marina Mandarin in Nov 06 for 5 nights with great promotion from expedia and I don't have much to complain about really. While checking in, I asked for a room with a nice view and was provided with a 14th floor corner room overlooking the Marina and The Oriental was right opposite - fantastic choice. The only downside was the walk from lifts as I had to walk in a big square shape every morning and night! The room has been partly renovated and was in a suitable size and good condition. Some pieces of furniture looked tired, but wasnt a big deal. Bathroom was clean and spacious but looked kind of late 80's. I agree with every reviews below about the noise from the lobby area which sometimes the songs could put me to deep sleep and sometimes it could be a little frustrating. The location is perfect in terms of physical comfort. Restaurants and shops in Marina Square were easily reached and if you need to take a cab, there is always one - I never ever had to wait for it. The spa was amazing. The atmosphere was so serene and I just loved going there for treatments. The rates were not friendly but service was spot on - highly recommended.The two problems I came across while staying at the hotel were the conceirge and the crowd. I was a solo traveller and hardly know anyone in town so when I was asking for crucial information, this man seems to always be rushing to do something and never let me finished my sentence. I just got fed up with the service so I helped myself with the directions in the end. As for the crowd, there were wedding receptions held at the hotel twice during my stay which made it troublesome getting in and out from the main entrance.All in all, I would not mind staying at the Marina Mandarin next time I visit Singapore.

Perfect!! The prefect place for a perfect getaway. Booked a triple room for ourselves. We were given the family deluxe room which was super huge and could easily accommodate a couple more people.Only emailed the hotel for a transfer from the airport one day before I was scheduled to arrive. They manage to reply me on time and I received their email confirming my transport right before I went in the waiting area of my flight. Excellent start!!Driver was already there waiting for us when we landed and check in at the hotel took us less than 15 minutes. We got complimentary welcome drinks while waiting as well.Only thing was our room was on the third floor and no lifts to carry us up after a long day out. But it wasn't much of a problem for us to complain. Rooms were cleaned every day without fail. Bottled plain waters refilled and fresh towels changed. Beds are also made up nicely.Breakfast was a bit of a letdown. Same menu every day and food was only so so. But nothing to complain about here as well as there are many other food outlets jsut around the corner. Pool was big with enough sun to keep warm after a cool swim. Lots of lounges available and I don't see a need to reserve any for your session of tanning.Also must try their spa! Cheap and good!! Tried the Bali Massage for Her package.. Includes basic facial.. foot scrub.. steam bath..jacuzzi bath.. herbal bath.. herbal drink and brownie and all for 300,000IDR only!!!Location is superb. Only a few minutes walk from Kuta Centre and Kuta Square. If you need to go to Kuta Beach.. You can always walk to the Discovery Centre and cut through the shopping mall. Nearby to all but still i the quieter part of the town. There are also a lot of the tour counters nearby fr you to book your day tours.Been to Bali 4 times and I've enjoyed every single trip like it was my first time!

fantastic! cant wait to go back i loved this hotel! myself and my partner went for 14 nights in october this year, the hotel was beautiful, the staff were great! the entertainment in our hotel and the sister hotels were fantastic, i couldnt fault anything about this place!I will be booking to go back next year and i cant wait!!!!!

I would stay here again! The staff was very friendly, the beds were extremely comfortable and the location is outstanding. Everything seemed very clean. Two thumbs up from me!

Not so good I booked this hotel because of the good reviews on Tripadvisor but it was quite dissappointing. I was traveling by myself and I was given a two single bed room, I asked if they could change it for a one bed room and they told me that they couldn't change the category of the room, I replied that it wasn't a change of the category but a change of beds and they told me that they would try but it would be difficult; of course I didn't have my room changed. There were broken things in the bathroom too like a hanger.On the other side, cleanliness is not good either. I stayed at the hotel for 3 nights in a row and they didn't change sheets during my whole stay (inacceptable for a hotel that claims to be 5 stars). Breakfast is good and plenty of choice but the service once again left a lot to be desired; the rest of the people were escorted to the tables and served coffee and freshly squezzed orange juice, I had to order it several times. All in all I would give this hotel 3 star; the only good thing about it is its location.

Great location, clean, poor breakfast Pros: great location in the uptown area - less touristy but good shopping and dining and nicer atmosphere than at Ramblas. Gaudi buildings, metro and airport busses are close. Clean hotel with modern rooms.Cons: poor breakfast (too little choice for the price), bathroom door is a see-thru version and mold smells in the bathroom even though it looks very new.

Exceptionally helpful staff My husband and I took his sister to Paris for a few days to celebrate her fiftieth birthday. She is a person with a number of medical problems. On checking in her difficulties were explained to the staff at the reception desk. They provided her with a wonderful room with a balcony with a table two chairs and a lounger which had a glimpse of the Eiffel Tower. The modern decor, spacious bathroom, light quiet atmosphere were very relaxing. When she was quite seriously ill during the night before we were due to leave. The staff could not have been more helpful, kind and efficient. The following day they extended our time of departure to two p.m. and provided advice to get us to Gare du Nord promptly. Their service could not have been improved upon and was a considerable help.

Great vacation at the Dominicana We stayed at the Dominicana for one week in February. Here is the low down.Food: You will never go hungry! The buffets have a little of something for everyone. The international restaurant has the most delicious lobster. I am not a lobster eater, but I ate the whole thing. The steakhouse was also good. Very american.Rooms: Were nice. Only a few tiny bugs, but they seemed to like the flowers that the maids left everyday. We just threw the flowers away and they weren't a problem at all. For the women who care about their hair, which I do, you will need to buy an adaptor from the giftshop for one dollar. Be warned though, I used my adaptor for 5 days and nearly fried my blowdryer. It actually melted my plug. I recommend only using an adaptor for a few days and then buying a new one. Very cheaply made!Beach: Fabulous! Very clean and large. Better than Mexico. You can go for walks for miles. They say not to reserve the palms on the beach, but we did everyday along with many others. Trips: We booked the Santo Domingo trip through our apple rep and were disappointed. My husband is a history buff so this should have been right up his alley, but NO. A total of 9 hours on a bus for approx a 4 hour tour. Your really rushed through the museums so you dont really get a chance to enjoy at all. Town is bad for beggars. Worse than other caribbean and mexican spots we have been to. It got old real fast. We ate at the Hard Rock Cafe. It was good, but nothing to brag about. Don't waste your time or money on this trip.Overall, this vacation was wonderful. I would definately recommend this vacation for a beach lover. And would go back to the Dominacana again.

Highly recommend the Helmsley Three of us stayed for a week at the Helmsley this month. We chose it because of the great location and 15% seasonal discount they offered for the month of January.From the moment we pulled up in the cab it was a wonderful experience. We were made to feel so welcome here. The staff were so friendly and accomodating. Check in took about 30 seconds and our bags were up to our room in 5 minutes.We stayed in a Premier room on the 33rd floor with an amazing view of the Empire State Building. The room was surpisingly spacious even with three very messy girls in it. The beds were really comfy but strangely small - the smallest double beds I've ever seen but they were fine and we all slept well!It was spotlessly clean and well maintained. The bed and bathroom linens were fresh and new. The only problem we experienced was that the room was very hot and the AC didn't make much difference. However with the windows open it was fine. The flat panel tv was cool and had lots of stations.We got room service a few times and it was delicious, albeit expensive. The location was great, the 7 and Times Square Shuttle was a block away and there was loads of restaurants and delis around. The best deli is PAX right next door - lovely staff! Also the Comfort Diner on 45th St is great for breakfast. Also, this hotel seems to be very popular with airlines - we saw pilots and cabin crew from Alitalia and Virgin and some others staying there.I can't recommend this hotel enough and can't wait to return!

Basic, but good value I chose this hotel because it is close to Hyde Park where the Australia Day celebrations were being held. Check-in was very quick. My room was small, but adequate. I asked for a quiet room and was placed on the 16th floor, with a side view, but away from the busy intersection and noisy traffic. The room contained a microwave, fridge, kettle iron. The bathroom had shower, but no bath. The hotel has its own shuttle bus to the airport. The hotel only serves breakfast, not dinner, but I prefer to eat out.There are plenty of cafes restaurants close by. Be wary of Oxford Street area with night clubs, bars, poor cafes - looks dubious. Go towards Liverpool Street Elizabeth Street - much better. About 10 mins walk to monorail or subway. Walk to harbour is a 30 min stroll.I would describe this hotel as clean and basic - nothing special, but nothing wrong either.

Excellent Experience at Seattle Hilton We had a massive power outage in Seattle recently due to a huge windstorm. We decided to spend one night at the Seattle Hilton and what a pleasant stay it was. Our standard room was spotless, warm, and comfortable. All of the staff we dealt with were friendly and professional, from the front desk to the housekeepers. This is a lovely property in a convenient downtown location. The only drawback was the parking garage, which has tight spaces and was full to the brim. However, we were very pleased with our stay at this hotel and would not hesitate to stay there again, or recommend it to out of town guests.

Fantastic food!! Me and my boyfriend stayed at this resort from March 6- March 13. We arrived at about 8 pm. Our first thought was WOW. The entrance way was spectacular and the lounge/reception area and bar were great to look at, very clean and alot going on. Now ill explain things in more organized matter.Food- The food was amazing, but once again everyone is different and one might like the food, while another may not. Me and my boyfriend found no problems with any of it, it was all great. The theme nights were great, American night was one of my favs. There is always something to chose from, we ate at the buffets our whole trip, never at any of the other restaurants. Neither of us experienced any stomach problems but im sure thats because we never over indulged on meat, or much of one thing.Beach- AMAZING. Honestly thats all I have to say to sum it up. You can walk for miles and miles. The sand is wonderful and the palm trees make it even more spectacular. Nothing bad to say hear.Grounds/ Landscaping- Beautiful. The trees, shrubs, flowers are all great, very well maintained. The walkways and buildings are very nice, painted weekly if there are any fadings or anything like that. They were always painting or working on something while we were there.Rooms- I was not impressed with our room. We had requested one bed, they had given us 2 double beds. The room itself was huge but having just one, big bed would have been great, espcially since the bed we had was very small for 2 people. We were on the ground floor so there was bugs in it from time to time. Nothing in the beds though, just crawling around on the floor, which creeped me out kind of but it wasnt going to ruin my trip. Our tv didnt work the first night so we called front desk and they sent someone over to fix it, they were very quick to do so. Do not tip the maids! Well, we tipped the first night and though if we tipped they would throw in a little something extra, nope! We came back the next night and our beds were not even made and the garbage wasnt taken out, I wasnt impressed with that.Activities- there was always something going on around the pool and the beach. There was never a lack of activities going on, there was always something to do. They had al sorts of competitions to do, water polo, aquasize, games for kids, dancing, everything. Pool area- Very impressed, it was always very clean. Lots of trees and flowers around this area, makes it nice to hang out. Pool bar was great, sometimes the service was a little slow there but it was always very busy. There was chairs available for the most part. We found two right away almost everytime we were around the pool.Saona Island was amazing, I highly reccomend this excursion! The catemeran was so much fun, full of rum and coke, with a little mixture of dancing! But be careful, it's extremely easy to burn without knowing it while on the boats!All in all, I had a good time, and the resort was great.

Still holding strong! Stayed here for a second time after 2 years. Still wonderful boutique hotel with welcoming and efficient staff, clean and stylish rooms. Although we havent got just as good room as last time, it is still quite nice, especially by parisian standards. Applauds to the designer, again.What is new as compared to last visit - a restaurant opened just across a little street, called Madame Shawn. Wonderful, loungy, yummy (yet adopted to european taste unless you ask for special spicieness!) thai restaurant. Highly recommend, especially for those willing to try something extra to escargots or just lazy or tired enough to go too far out.Still high five to Hotel Duret, two years have passed, but it still remains our address in paris. Thanks to staff!!!

The nicest hotel in Paris

The Best Hotel I Have Ever Stayed In We just got back from a wonderful week in Barcelona. I booked the Hotel Montecarlo because of the good reviews on TripAdvisor.com, and all I can say is, the hotel was FANTASTIC. We are a family of 4 and booked 2 adjoining rooms on the 5th floor, away from La Rambla. The hotel exceeded our expectations. Everything everybody says in the reviews is true -- large beautiful quiet rooms, wonderful comfortable Craftmatic-type beds, down comforters, great showers and jacuzzis, robes and slippers, chocolates on your pillow, free internet, and the most helpful, friendly staff. We did not opt to pay 9 euros for the breakfast, but instead ate breakfast at the cafe literally next door, Moka Cafe, for a cheaper price. There was a cash machine next door, too, and of course the location on La Rambla couldn't be beat. The hotel is rated 3 stars, which I find puzzling, since it seems at least a 4 star hotel to me. We thought Barcelona was fantastic, and we would stay at the Montecarlo again in a heartbeat.

Huge hotel lacking character- 5 star rating a stretch I have ended up at the Krasnapolsky on three different occassions, and each time has been a completely different experience. On the first trip, 5 years ago, I was in an executive room which was acceptable and clean. Last year, however, I was in a standard room which was really quite grim- a walk in shower, folding bathroom door, and dated, tattered linens and decor. I had vowed never to stay again, but because my most recent trip was spontaineous, it was the only central hotel with availability, so I booked the executive room to be on the safe side...The room which was said to be in the newly refurbished royal wing was very basic and was certainly not like any other 5 star hotel I've ever stayed in. When we asked to upgrade further, the staff insisted that we were in the nicest possible area of the hotel...The inconsistency probably lies in the size of the hotel- it is really massive. Despite the disappointment in the rooms, the staff are lovely and friendly and the service has been fine...It's suitable for a business traveler, but not especially comfortable for a romantic weekend or family holiday.

Simply Trendy We stayed at Hotel de las Letras last January and were very pleased. A frequent traveler, I am also very picky when it comes to hotels. Our room was spacious, bright and clean and even had an outdoor hot tub on our very own private balcony. Unfortunately, the door to the balcony was stuck and we didn't bother asking for someone fix it so we didn't take full advantage of all the room had to offer...The bar was relaxed, but buzzing all day- a nice place to meet people or have a quick drink before heading out. Locationwise, the hotel is very central. Will definitely be staying there again...Do beware...the beds are on wheels.

The Best...but don't tell anyone! We stayed in this beautiful hotel the end of May, 2008. We LOVED it! Our room was No. 32 in the Annex and it was sparkling and brand new. Walter mentioned that it wasn't quite complete as they would be adding pictures to the walls, etc. We loved it just the way it was. Our room had a separate sitting area and both rooms had exquisite murano glass chandeliers and large wood beams. The walls were covered in a soothing green brocade fabric. Wow. The bathroom was also very beautiful and spotless. We waited about 1/2 hour for our room to be ready because they had just that day turned on the new A/C for the season and the one in the sitting room was dripping from its 15 foot ceiling. Walter made sure we both had a glass of vino while we waited. That 1st night, the A/C leaked again and when we told Sondro the next morning he was all apologies. We told him no apology needed. We were more concerned with the dripping water ruining that beautiful floor and the ceiling below our room than anything else! Needless to say, while we were exploring Venice that morning, the A/C was fixed. Our room had a small balcony that could be reached by small french doors from the sitting room area. All of our windows faced the small calle. As I said in my title, Don't tell anyone about this hidden gem! Thanks again Walter, Sondro and your lovely staff.

Nice neighborhood Stayed at the Warwick for a weeklong conference - the room was on a lower floor with a view of a parking lot (and my rate was at least $140-160) - the draftiest room I ever stayed in! A nightly wind across the floor...The neighborhood is perfect - close to everything. Room was clean and the appliances worked. I stuffed the bedspread against the window at night, to lessen the draft. Disappointed that my room rate could not include something nicer, or any view at all, but the city was booked for the conference. (FIX those windows!). Oh, and all I heard all the time was the elevator going up and down... so I didn't have a 'luxury' experience in my estimation.The biggest issue I had was that a housekeeper opened the room, and left the deadbolt in the state that it held the door open. I was staying in a single, came back from my conference, and my ROOM WAS OPEN. Spooked me - I called down after cautiously entering. The manager didn't see fit to come up - just called me back later, asking me if anything was missing. Lucky me, I had forgotten to close the safe, but everything including valuables was still in place. I think the manager could have managed to make an appearance in an instance like this, and I have had experiences in other hotels which were less dramatic, where a manager made an appearance to explain the problem.The restaurant is not good - even breakfasts were hit-or-miss (how do you screw up breakfast?) On the other hand, there are wonderful eateries in the neighborhood - try another venue. The staff in the restaurant were the nicest on staff, though! Oh, and the prices for breakfast in Seattle are shocking - not sure why. On the east coast you can eat like a king for $15 at breakfast - here, I didn't escape for under $22 and didn't necessarily feel full. I was offered a discount on my next stay, after I wrote the chain. But... I cannot imagine a repeat visit to that hotel. If I return to Seattle, I'll be looking for accommodations elsewhere. There are some fabulous hotels (my friends were in them, and some paid no more than I).Seattle's nice people and fun atmosphere were great - if that and a place to sleep are what you're looking for, this could be the place for you.

no problems, no regrets Stayed here 11/11-13/05. Had absolutely no problems. Hotel is older but had an updated bathroom that was probably the cleanest I've seen anywhere. Room was a double and small by US standards but average by European standards I guess. We had a balcony room that overlooked Las Ramblas -- if you're a light sleeper bring earplugs, this is not a quiet place and the older door doesn't do much to muffle the street sounds. But if you want a truly fantastic vacation moment (like I did) the noise is worth it just to stand out on your little balcony at night and watch the river of people flowing by below. Really beautiful. Super great location, within walking distance of the cathedral, Barri Gotic, the ports, restaurants, shopping, most of the Gaudi highlights including Casa Battlo, La Pedrera, Palau Guell (although Palau Guell is closed until Dec 06). Even Sagrada Familia is walkable (although a little bit of a hike).Only inconvenience is short flight of stairs from the front door to the check-in(narrow and hard to navigate when dragging baggage) and having to turn in my key to the desk each time I left the room. Staff was VERY kind and helpful, pointing out places to see on the map. There is a younger man that is there most of the time who speaks English and an older gentleman who speaks a little but is very kind and patient with poor Spanish speakers such as myself! There are metro stops really close by if you want to try to get the metro from the airport, other wise a cab ride is 20-25 euro.Great, great location, inexpensive (3 nights for 2 people including a continental breakfast was 210 euro) and clean. Not much else I need!

Nice and Relaxing at the Sunscape Punta Cana Grand We stayed at the Sunscape Punta Cana Grand my husband and I from May 25-June 1,2005. We loved the resort. It was a samller resort which required no wrist bands and we loved the fact you didn't have to worry about making reservations at the restaurants. We stayed in building 5 on the third floor with a huge wrap around balcony as we were on the end. We had a view of the adult pool and you could see the ocean. No problem with hot water or the air. There was a king size bed and it was comfortable. There was a mini-fridge in the room stocked daily with bottled water, pop and beer. No problems with that at all restocked daily. We used the fitness center daily it was a nice place to work out as it had treadmills,bikes and some weights. We are more of the beach people so we would start the day at the beach no problem with getting chairs and usually we would get there after 11. The weather was great all week sunny and hot only rained one time in the middle of the night. The main pool was nice had a swim up bar and floating mattresses around. One night we saw some people taking the mattressess to there room. Whatever floats your boat. We never had any problem getting any mattresses. There was an adult pool which was quiet. The only problem was there was a bar but no bartender. There was pop and water set out but if you wanted a drink you had to go get it. I think because the resort wasn't that full which was nice for us. The staff is wonderful these people work hard all day long. The grounds are well kept and beautiful. Kudos to all that work so hard. We had a wonderful vacation. I think it was best that we ever had. I would go back in a minute. We exactly what we wanted to make our anniversary and my birthday special. The food was great better then we thought it was going to be. The beach and domincan night buffets were great. The only problem we had was being harrassed to buy things from the vendors but we just said no thanks and kept walking. The same as on the beach when you walk there is a group of shops and the people will come out and start talking to you. We just kept walking and said no $$$ with us. We did buy a some braclets , earrings and statue of a family which were nice. Don't forget any items as the gift shop is high priced. I paid $8 for a magazine. The sun is really hot bring lots of sunscreen. We came home with nice tans and my husband hair is bleached out people thought he colored it. Overall a wonderful relaxing vacation.

Location, Location, Location.............! Booked this hotel via the Internet as we had already won the free flights. I had never been to Amsterdam before so wasn't really sure location wise what I was booking.As it happened, this hotel couldn't be in a better location, right on the corner of Dam Square and Damrak, the main road to the station and for restaurants. It was fantastic. We had a room on the 4th floor with juliet balconies on the windows overlooking Dam Square, couldn't have asked for better. The staff were very, very helpful and even when we requested a late check out, they sorted it no problem with no charge, even though it stated in the hotel guide an extra charge would be made. The rooms were quite small but more than adequate for a long weekend. The air-con was somewhat efficient, but as the weather was boiling outside, was quite welcome! The beds were very comfy and the bathroom was more than good enough. The hotel didn't have a bar, although there was a public restaurant downstairs, the food looked quite expensive. We used the minibar for any drinks/snacks we wanted, wasn't too expensive like the rest of Amsterdam, 3eur for a beer for example.Amsterdam itself is a fantastic place, with more than enough to see and do. We took a trip round the canals and went to various odd museums you won't find anywhere else. The red light district is also a must see!!There are 300 'coffee shops' around, so the place has a very distinct smell wherever go!!! The best place we found was The Grasshopper and 2 min walk from the hotel with a bar upstairs and a coffee shop downstairs and had a wonderful outside terrace where you could drink or smoke or do both if required!!!!I can't wait to go back and would definately stay at the same hotel again and would recommend it to anyone.Everyone is so friendly

Fabulous vacation!! The Lobby

Go With Friends! If you are staying at this hotel please don't worry about the really bad reviews - the local people do not hate Americans but I will say most of the staff were indifferent. It is true about the wash cloths and about the maid service having no real schedule. Most days our room was just gotten around to around 5:00. No bug problems at all either. Also, we stayed in Bldg. 5 and it was actually fantastic - first floor, literally steps to the beach. We were not bothered by any construction. Overall the room was fine.FOOD: Average - skip the American Grill/Tex Mex. The Italian was pretty good as was the Beach Garden. Windows was also okay. Service at the restaurants was always very professional but unfortunately really slow.DRINKS: Always lots to choose from - never had to wait very long either. The drinks are very weak though so you can pretty much drink all day. Also, they serve everyone - Get the Banana Mama, very tasty! Ask for extra rum if you're a real drinker.POOLS: Clean and well maintained. Very warm, however. Cool off by standing under the cool showers nearby.BEACH: Beautiful - cooler and breezier than by the pool. No trouble getting lounge chairs at all - You get to know who puts towels down and never show up - we just moved them to another spot.TIP: Bring your own wash cloth - brings singles and fives. Bargain with the vendors. Try to vacation with another family - it is very true about this particular resort. Very few Americans so it is hard to find new friends.Have Fun!!!!

Clean, older style hotel in good position A good, clean, three star hotel in a convenient location in Waikiki. Cane furnishings a bit dated but a clean, quiet room.

What a gem We stayed at this hotel for eight nights in July and it met all our needs and more. Friends told us that hotel rooms in Paris are small so we booked a Millenium room which is larger. It met all our needs - clean, comfortable beds and pillows, air conditioned, very nice bathroom and very friendly multi lingual staff. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who wanted to stay in Saint Germain de Pres.

what a pleasant surprise We stayed in an executive room on the third floor which was very large for Europe and thoroughly enjoyed the experience. Our stay was for a Sunday night only with a late Monday checkout. The restaurant was closed so ate in the bar/lounge from their limited menu and we enjoyed our meal. This hotel is not located in the tourist centre which we found a blessing as it's situated in a quiet, pleasant neighbourhood. It is about a 30 min walk or a short tram ride into the busy, noisy part of town. We walked in to town both days and trammed it home once. Each day, on arrival back to the hotel, we felt we'd arrived back to the sane part of town! Reception staff very helpful and friendly staff in bar/lounge area.

excellent stay We were on our way to Africa for a 2-week safari, and travelled on Lufthansa via Frankfurt. We arrived in Frankfurt around 7 am, and had previously notified the hotel we would be arriving early. They were able to accommodate an early-morning check-in for us, which we appreciated hugely. We did not fly out till the next evening, and they were also able to accommodate a late check-out. Obviously depends on what volume they are experiencing at any given time, but they were most gracious about it. Just what we needed for an overnight between 2 very long (10 and 12 hours each) flights. Spa service had an excellent masseur and very relaxing surroundings, good gym and pool. We loved our room, which had a separate sitting room. The hotel bar was a great spot to spend time for a nightcap, with pleasant piano music. Room service was prompt and efficient, as well as high quality food. The concierge provided excellent directions map for a walk along the river to the historic area, a nice restaurant recommendation for dinner, and a wine festival in town that evening. Entire staff was welcoming and helpful. All in all, excellent experience and would recommend highly.

We liked Hotel Washington There were 6 of us who stayed at this hotel for several days in April. As it was our first trip to Amsterdam, we have no way to compare this hotel to any other there.We found the Hotel Washington to be very clean, very quiet, and loaded with atmosphere. The owners have had it just since January, so are still getting things worked out, but they, and their staff, proved to be quite friendly and very helpful. They gave us suggestions for places to eat, sold us stamps, answered our questions patiently, etc.Our room was up one flight of stairs, but others were higher. (As I had recently had a total knee replacement, I was glad to have just the one flight to climb!) There is no lift, so any guests must be able to climb steep stairs, or fly.The room was large and comfy, the bed was comfy, the bathroom was huge and had both tub and shower. We were given clean towels every day and the bed was made every day. The breakfast was tasty and all we needed. They offer boiled eggs, bread/toast, fresh fruit, orange juice, corn flakes, granola, slices of ham and cheese, coffee, tea, milk, and hot chocolate. The boiled egg is served to you in a neat little egg cup. The 'dining room' can seat maybe 18 people, so you can easily visit with other guests. At night, if I wanted a cup of cocoa, I just took my own cup down to the kitchen and asked for hot water, then returned to our room and made my own. No problem.The hotel is located within walking distance of many small shops, and a huge outdoor market, and is a block or so from a tram stop.We would definitely stay at the Hotel Washington again.

We liked this hotel. We just returned from 8 days in Amsterdam, and we stayed at the Mercure Hotel--the one downtown, not the fancy new one out by the airport.This hotel is old and looks it here and there, but it's clean, most of the staff are quite friendly and helpful, and it's an easy walk to the tram. We found the bathroom quite nice, tho a shower curtain would have prevented water going all over. Our room had a little closet with good hangers and several shelves. The bed--oh, that bed!!! SO-O-O-O comfy!! Fluffy pillows and a duvet contributed to a good night's sleep. We got clean towels every day, the carpet was vacuumed daily, and the bed was made daily.The breakfast costs E15/person. There is a good variety of American cold cereals, granola, several kinds of juice, rolls, the usual beverages, and you can have your eggs cooked anyway you want. The bartender, Amin, has a great sense of humor and is a very interesting person to chat with.Yes, we'd stay here again.

A bit noisy, but very charming There were 6 of us who stayed at the Silla for several days in April. (My husband and I had never been to Italy before, so we have no basis for comparison with any other hotels.)The Hotel Silla is very clean, very charming, and the staff was very friendly and helpful. The hotel was a convent at one time, hence the many narrow halls, arched ceilings and little rooms. You feel like you are walking thru a castle when you are just going from the lift to your room!We were quite comfortable in our room, and the bathroom was fine (shower, no tub).We were given clean towels and soap, every single day, and the bed was made every day. Our room looked out on the river, and as there is a busy street between, it could get noisy at night. We just used earplugs and had no problems sleeping.The breakfast is yummy! It is buffet-style, but the hard-working ladies will bring you coffee, hot tea, hot chocolate, all you have to do is ask. The food offered was two kinds of dry cereal, scrambled eggs, slices of ham and cheese, every sort of roll/croissant you can imagine, bread, little wedges of cheese, jams, honey and butter, fresh fruit (one morning there was a huge bowl of fresh, sliced strawberries), yogurt (plain and fruit), milk and 2 kinds of juice, usually orange and grapefruit. There is a microwave to heat things up in. It was hard not to stuff myself!The hotel is within walking distance of several very nice restaurants, and several little shops selling everything from fine quality leather goods to Pinocchios to postcards. It is also walking distance to the Pitti Palace, and on the other side of the river, the Uffizi, etc.I was just 3 months out of a total knee replacement and was able to get everywhere (used a cane) with little trouble.The staff was also very kind. Every night, my husband would take a ziplock bag down to the bar area and ask for ice cubes, then bring it back up to the room so I could ice my knee! They had no problem with that.We enjoyed our stay at the Hotel Silla and would stay there again.

Nice hotel, but... We stayed there for 6 nights from April 23rd to April 28. It is a new hotel, rooms are designed carefully. Our bathroom had only a shower, which was fine with us. The WC itself is in the same space but the door can close it leaving the sink and shower free for others to use. Really sophisticated. The room was small-medium in size. What I did not like at all is the there is no wardrobe, only a few open shelves. A desk with no drawer, and only 1 chair. Another chair would be great although the room is small. Staff - young and nice, but when the hotel was full they did not cope so well. We had a problem and it was not dwelt properly. Breakfast - a small buffet with rolls, jams, cereals, salami and cheese and some other items. The same everyday. Thgey did not replentish items fast enough, and many times items were missing for over 20 minutes. Location is very good, with good transport right out of the door, some restaurants and a nice cafe next door. It is suitable for a short stay 1-2 nights, for longer stay it is not that comfortable. Room too small and no where to put your staff.

Fine for nondisabled guests, problematic for those of us with disabilities. We stayed here for four nights and the stay was a better than average experience. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful but didn't always give us correct information. The computer in the lobby was a wonderful extra. We are used to that amenity in Best Westerns and it's one of the reasons we often choose Best Westerns when we are traveling. This is the first time I've seen this at a Radisson and it meant we didn't have to lug our own computer and could still stay in touch with work email. The room was clean and comfortable. But the disability accommodations in the shower that were extremely problematic. The built-in tile seat at the end of the shower farthest from the shower head and controls was a bit too far to be reached by the shower head on the hose. The shower head on the hose was so difficult to turn on and to figure out how to turn on that we had to call the maintenance person -- who couldn't figure out how to turn it on, either. Finally, my husband figured it out -- accidentally. The shower curtain wasn't long or wide enough to contain the water and so the floor got flooded. There was always ice water in the lobby and that was wonderful because it was so incredibly hot outside.Although I had made a special call directly to the hotel to make sure that the disability accommodations would work for us and to make sure that we would have a fridge waiting for our medications and that all feather pillows had been removed, when we arrived there were feather pillows on the bed, no fridge, and the shower had the problems I mentioned above. AND they had no record of my calls and requests. VERY annoying -- but, alas, very common.Still, the staff responded as quickly as they could to the problems, corrected them as well as they were able, and made sure to give us a first floor room. Nice people on the staff but not trained to deal with guests with disabilities, only technically in ADA compliance. But we would stay here again because most hotels are no better in terms of disability issues and often not as nice as this place.

Decent hotel, great customer service, but don't expect luxury. Upon arriving in Fajardo, I was simply not impressed with the immediate surroundings. It seems this town is a launching pad to see the rainforest and to visit viecques or culebra. My first impression was that the customer service was impeccable. The staff was incredibly friendly and helpful. When I called for towels or pillows, I received them in a timely manner. The honeymoon suite was ok. We had some problems with the door key, but someone came by to fix this issue. The floors are tile and the bathroom is dark with a large tub. It's not hugely luxurious, but clean and sufficient. The kitchen area was a huge plus, since we didn't want to eat out in Fajardo (options were limited) and we certainly didn't want to rely on eating at the on-site restaurants 3x a day. The living area was also decent, however don't expect luxury linens.The grounds were kept up, but there is a lot of construction going on. Also, note that the pool area with mini-golf and tennis courts is open to the public. I did have a good time there for a few days, but as I was on my babymoon, it simply wasn't romantic enough. We checked out a day early when a full bus of local teenagers showed up at the open pool and they started blasting reggaeton. We went to the reception area and booked a room at el convento in old san juan and handed in our keys. All in all, this is a wonderful place in a not-so-amazing area IF you have kids with you. I really wouldn't recommend staying here for romance. After years of trips to mexico, the local beaches just don't compare. I'm sure the surrounding islands are great, but we stood in line for an hour in the morning to get on a ferry. A half hour before departure, they said the tickets had been all sold... and the line had never even moved. I'm a very DIY person and like to rent a car and travel around locally... but in this case, I regret not paying the extra cash to stay in San Juan or elsewhere and just taking proper tours to the islands for snorkeling.

It's an acquired taste More photos

Great Stay What a pleasant stay. We have been to San Francisco several times before and expected very cramped accomodations. We were pleasantly surprised. We booked 2 rooms for 2 nights and had the staff open the door between as our daughters were next door. Nicely decorated, excellent staff, and very comfortable atmosphere. Matresses could have been better but they were bearable. The weather was cool and the room heating was nice. Again, the lobby and staff were just so pleasant. I definitely recommend this hotel. Also, we enjoy walking and had a nice walk to Union Square, China Town, and other surrounding areas. The staff made good recommendations on areas to visit and to avoid. Parking is tough but we utilized the parking directly across the street. Pricey but again... it is San Francisco and you must expect that.

A bit noisy but otherwise great stay.. I and my husband stayed here for 5 nights during late May-early June.. it was at a great location in Back bay area (absolutely beautiful area) and near the Hynes convention centre which was where my conference was held.. We booked a room with 2 double beds (same price as a single double bed so we decided to go for a more spacious room) and it was spacious and clean.. the bathroom is quite small though.. but had pretty good water pressure.. however the wall was quite thin so if you have noisy neighbour (like we did), they will most likely keep you up all night... The hotel was close to several train stations (different line so quite convenient).. we didn't have to use the subway much because everything is in walking distance.. only caught twice when we were too tired to walk back after a freedom trail walk.. and to the South Station with our lugguages.. Definitely would stay here again.. very convenient.. but hopefully next time we will have a more quiet neightbour..

Best Vacation Absolute Best Vacation ever. Booked our vacation online. Never spoke to an actual person. Hotel employees were courteous and attentive. Some language barrier, but with only limited spanish on our part, we did fine. Tips are appreciated and remembered. These employees are working 12 hour days sometimes 6-7 days a week. They might have an off day, but a smile and a tip makes their work days better. Check in was a breeze. I recommend arriving on an off day (not a Saturday) as there were only us (girls trip - 2 moms, 2 daughters) and one other couple checking in on the day we arrived. We arrived at the hotel at 11:15 AM and even though they say check in is at 3:00 PM, we had our room and was settled by 12:15. Rooms were clean. Beach is a short but beautiful walk. Wasn't sure what to expect with all the reviews prior, but was very pleasantly surprised. Caution on the open air markets. Vendors are very pushy. I would return to this hotel in a heartbeat. Only drawback is the shopping center they have on site. Lots of empty stores, must still be under construction. For us, this was not a problem as we weren't there for shopping. The pizzeria was the best. Give Addison Frankie a smile, they are the best.

Great Location Stayed at the Palomar for 4 nights before heading off to Las Vegas. I found the staff very friendly, we arrived just as the world cup was starting and wanted to catch the games, the staff gave us a list of all the games/what time they were on and what channels they were on. Did find the food expensive but we didn't eat there so can't comment on if it was nice or not.Location is the winner for this hotel, lots of shops nearby and a few bars/restaurants. We went to fishermans wharf a few times and that means a taxi ride from what i remember it was normally about $12.The only down fall i found was the size of the rooms they were tiny. Would have preferred a larger room.

Dreams resort was a dream come true!!!! Just a veiw of the resort

Good hotel in a good location This hotel is located just off Union Square and is a perfect base to discover San Francisco. Our room was on the 6th floor and it was absolutely fine. Two double beds, plenty of space, a safe, proper closet, tv, etc, etc. The room was clean and we had no problems whatsoever on that front. The staff were all very friendly.There is a restaurant joined to the hotel, which we didn't eat at so I can't tell you about that. We had breakfast at an Irish pub called Lefty O'Doul's just two doors down from the hotel which was convenient. You can also have evening meals and drinks there. We had a couple of drinks at the bar round the corner, where there is live music every evening.I would definitely recommend this to people looking for a good, clean and budget-friendly place to stay in the heart of San Francisco.

Excellent resort for everyone I just got back on Sunday, May 25/08 from the Dominican Republic, Punta Cana where a friend and I travelled to. We went down to stay for our yearly 2 week stay away from all the stresses of everyday life. We stayed at the Occidental Grand Flamenco Punta Cana for 1 week and didn't have a very good time at all. The grounds are beautiful and clean, the staff were amazing especially Cesar and Alexis who were always willing to help with what ever was needed. However we had problems with the dirty public washrooms that always had feces and paper in them and wouldn't flush, there was no water for good parts of the day and we were supposed to have satelitte t.v. and didn't. Both my friend and I ended up sick and I have been to Punta Cana 11 times and my friend 8 times and we have never been sick before. We paid an extra amount of money through Air Transat to be moved to another hotel and we ended up at the MELIA CARIBE TROPICAL which was AMAZING. The grounds are beautiful and clean and the staff are all fantastic. The a la carte restuarants where to die for especially the french Ma Maison and the Gondola Italian. The rooms are comfortable and the beach is well kept. There are trains that run every 15 minutes to take you around the grounds as it is a very large resort but so worth going to. Many activites for the kids like wall climbing, zip line etc... I am booking this resort for Christmas and taking the whole family. I highly recommend this hotel to all groups of travellers. Hope you have a great time if you choose to go to the Melia Caribe Tropical Punta Cana - i luv to travel 28

Kids had a blast and I got to relax The Ocean Blue resort in Punta Cana Dominican Republic is a 4 1/2 star vacation haven for certain. I have been to Punta Cana now 14 times and will keep returning because there are no beaches in comparison as far as I am concerned. I took my 13 year old son and his best-friend from July 3-11,2008 and they had a blast!! The waves were huge which suited them just fine as they called themselves the wave warriors and would spend hours in the ocean. The beach is spectacular and the water is crystal clear and there are many sun huts to be found. The grounds are immaculate and the staff are amazing. Many activities for all to enjoy including bowling, archery, wall climbing, euro bungie jumping, beach volleyball, boce ball, pool tables, ping pong tables just to mention some of them. The food is plentiful and there is a large amount of choices to eat. The coffee shop was a huge hit as they make specialty coffees, and milkshakes, smoothies etc. Make sure you have some of the sweets at the coffee shop because they are delicious. We certainly didn't go hungry. If you are looking for a fun excursion while in Punta Cana I HIGHLY recommend the Jurassic Buggies. Make sure that it is the Jurassic Buggies because there is another company but they are NOT good. My family have made a tradition to go on that excursion whenever we go and it is so worth the money. You get to drive the buggies on the road(very scary) and through mud and dirt so be sure to wear OLD clothing because you get filthy but it is so much fun. You drive the buggies to the most beautiful beach that is uninhibited for 15 minutes and then back on the buggies to swim in a natural cave. The cave is amazing but the water is cold so prepare yourself but really you get to clean off from the buggies. The final part of the excursion is horseback riding for about 20 minutes and believe me that is all your bottom can handle. I guarantee you will not be disappointed in this trip. All and all Ocean Blue is a wonderful fun-filled resort with happy, friendly staff and have decent food. Just remember that a SMILE goes a long way and the people that work there are people too. Hope you have as much fun as I did with my son and his friend. I have booked my family vacation for all 6 of us for December already and I am counting down the days until we go. Happy holidaysiluv2travel28

A good quality and central hotel for the Tourista Bus view of the street from the roof terrace

Great stay at the Warwick We, along with another couple, stayed at the Warwick for 4 nights from 18th May. We had a room with a city view which was very comfortable. The staff were helpful and check-in was easy. The location is very good, within walking distance to shopping and Pike Market. There is a very nice grocery store across the road which is open till 2am and sells everything, even Australian wine. We ate one night in the hotel restaurant. Enjoyable meal. Would definitely stay at the Warwick again

Great hotel in NO We stayed at this hotel for 4 nights from 31st May. At first we were a little disappointed that we weren't right in the heart of the French Quarter but after our first walk through there at night we were glad we were just out of it as it is a very noisy area. It is only a couple of blocks of safe walking, even at night. The hotel itself is charming and very good value for money. Our room was huge and very comfortable. Two friends travelling with us thought they had booked a room with two beds but they were given a double bed. A request for two beds was met with no fuss. The concierge was very helpful in helping to arrange an alligator tour. The breakfast, included in the price is very good and there is a guest laundry which we found useful. There is also free internet access. In all a very nice hotel which I would have no hesitation is recommending.

Definitely Stay Here I loved this hotel. My husband and I spent three wonderful days here. The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable. We had late night drinks at the bar on several occasions; had a late night dinner in their restaurant; and ate breakfast each morning, also in the bar. Each time was perfect. Great drinks, food, coffee, croissants. The location was ideal to explore all the Washington sights. We did a lot of walking and also made use of the nearby subway. Though this is hardly an inexpensive place, it was a delight. We even met the French ambassador during our stay. There are a lot of French people who not only work at the hotel, but stay at the hotel. The room was large and nicely decorated. Would stay here again...absolutely.

A jewel close to San Marco We had the pleasure of staying at the Hotel Dogi in Venice during our May 2008 visit to Italy. It is a sophisticated, clean, well-maintained hotel conveniently located within easy walking distance to the Piazza San Marco. We stayed in the top floor double room that was peaceful and quiet. Our room was bright, airy, and tastefully decorated with an elegant, well appointed bathroom. The room has its own separate sitting area and a small private deck. Every aspect was top quality. The staff provided warm, friendly, and helpful hospitality, speaking fluent English.

Hotel Regina is a superior hotel We stayed at the Regina for two nights in late June. We had a double room, (2 beds), our children and grandchildren had a quad room (4 beds). The hotel is right off Plaza Catalyuna and the main thoroughfare Las Ramblas. It was quiet (except for the night that Spain won the world cup), the rooms were modern, clean and beautiful. Bathrooms were crisp and clean. The complimentary bathrobes were a plus. Their small bar is quiet and perfect to relax in after a day of sightseeing. They will arrange for sandwiches and small meals upon request. The internet is free, with 3 provided computers. The staff was very friendly and accommodating, answering our questions and providing taxi calls and restaurant recommendations. The beds were very comfortable, the rooms fairly large. Although not inexpensive, it compares very favorably with any 4 star hotel in New York City...indeed the rooms are larger and cleaner. We would be happy to use this hotel again.

Superb Hotel Mongkok in the sun

Loved It! This was an incredibly romantic and secluded experience! The beach was beautiful, the staff was excellent, and the villas very romantic. I have one word of caution. I had a massage, (I've had them done before by women only), and I would caution you that it was done by a man, and there was no modesty involved. I don't consider myself to be a prude, but it was a very uncomfortable experience. It was done in daylight, and at times I was concerned that I was exposed. I was more tense after the massage than before. I left my bathing suit top on because I was a little uncomfortable that it was a man, and he proceded to remove my top while I was lying on my stomach. If you have any modesty, I would not recommend the massage. Other than that, It was a beautiful, relaxing vacation. I would definitely go back here again!!

Will never find a better resort anywhere in the world!! Part of the show for the birthday girl

Excellent!!! I have got to say I thought the hotel was excellent, rooms we're to a great standard and bathroom was lovely. The hotel staff we're very friendly and happy to help with any troubles/queries me and my partner had. Breakfast had a wide range of yummy things to choose from, so couldn't fault breakfast in anyway. Only let down to the hotel was the location, was about a 5 min walk to the metro station, and then about a 10 min trip into central Barcelona. But maybe thats just me being fussy. If your going for a few days like we did, it would be very wise to stay in town because you will have a better chance of seeing everything and less travelling about to do, so more energy to enjoy Barcelona because i have to say its a very beautiful city and so many lovely sights to see. I hope you enjoy your stay In Barcelona as much as we did. Also - a good tip - buy a T10 for your travelling as they are very good value for money and well worth 6 euro's.

the Honeymoon Suite rocks!! Sliding wall to separate rooms

Not The Best We stayed at Catalonia Bavaro From Nov. 4 to Nov. 11. Upon arrival we were very impressed with the overall appearance and check-in was very quick. We were in building 19, quite a walk from the lobby but very close to the ocean and the pool. Upon arriving at our room we found the keydid not work so back to the lobby, then back to the room to find the safe key did not work, so back to the lobby. Our remote did not work either but this time they brought us another one as well as a makeshift plug as we did not have an adapter.. Might I say that in the 11 times to the Dominican we have never before needed an adapter. We finally settled in. The room was moderately cool and very clean. For some reason we were left a bottle of rum and two mugs. No-one else we spoke to had received these.POOL: It has a pool bar but was frequently out of items. Not once in our stay did we ever see anyone clean or add chlorine to the pool. There was definitely a scum and lots of dead leaves, bugs etc. No activity at all around the pool during the day. We did not see any of their animation team at the pool all week.BEACH: We spent very little time at the beach. It is definitely not as nice as at the Bavaro beach. The water here is brown, not blue, and there is seaweed. Also because the resort is all on its own thereis really no place to walk and if you did you trudged through seaweed.BUGS AND BIRDS: Lots of mosquito bites, worst ever. Birds in the buffets - yuck. One lady was so badly bitten she spent a night in the hospital on intravenus. One evening on our way to dinner they actually drove by fumigating the mosquitoes. We were left in a disgusting fog. This would be better done later at night.NIGHTLIFE: Karaoke (same 5 songs every night) before the nightly shows. The performances were dancing - every night it was the same. New song - same dance!! After the show it was either the disco or the casino. Most people sweat it out in the lobby bar drinking. It would have been nice if they had a band or some music there. Perhaps even open the bar down by the water.FOOD: I lived on pasta, so no sickness here. Had a couple of mouthfulls of some really bad food that literally had to be spit out. Noticed that I was not the only one, so it was not just me. The a-la-cartes were not great either. In fact we left our lobster on the plateand went to the buffet. People had warned us how bad it was but we decided to try anyway. What a mistake! (That was another spit out food night)GROUNDS: They are lovely and well cared for.OVERALL: Despite several more trips to re-activate our key and some really bad food we did still have a pleasant vacation. We met some great people and had a few laughs along the way. One good thing is I can honestly say this is my first Dominican vacation where I did not have any stomach upset whatsoever and also the first time that I did not gain so much as an ounce. We will be back to the Dominican again but most definitely to a differant resort. As I said, we have been 11 times and this one is in our bottom three. I find the overall rating for this resort should be dropped to about a 3 1/2.P.S. Martin is the best bartender at the pool bar - we miss him already!!

excellant After a long cramped flight to be met by a representantive from the marina mandarin was a welcome sight. The transfer was seamless and even taking us to our room bypassing reception was gratefully received. The hotel was spotless the service perfection.The room was excellant and breakfast interesting. The view over towards the Lion and the esplanade from the balcony was great. Access to the MRT was airconditioned and a welcome relief from the humidity of Singapore. For a central hotel this hotel will take some beating.

Great Improvements like new! As a vacation club member I have been to the hotel for 5 years in a row. The hotel is in all it's glory, help is wonderful and friendly.The language barrier with help not speaking English is no longer a problem. There are three new restaurants and a new lounge and bar area on the Caribe side. (A fire destroyed the old ones) The grounds were perfect and the marble floors glistening. The food is still about a 7 on a scale of 1-10. One night we went to the American Grill and it was absolutely wonderful, but when we went back it was bordering on terrible. The meals everywhere are very tasty but sometimes can be overcooked or tough. Eat breakfast and lunch at the Tropical Beach side restaurant that's where all the VIP hotel employees eat. The food and service are much better and there are not as many people using the facility. The rooms are extremely clean, but still no wash cloths. Bring your own. A family member who is in the hotel business couldn't get over the condition of the place. If you love the outdoors and enjoy beautiful surroundings you'll love this hotel.

Great Time Spent 5 nights at this absolutely beautiful hotel. Everything was perfect. The staff is wonderful and really go out of their way to make your stay everything it should be. Although most staff speak very little english, if you try a couple of the spanish words provided in the book given to you at check-in they really respond. The restaurants are good, not great, but their is plenty of everything to please everyone. The pool is like none that I've ever seen and the sit around in water bar is fun, fun. The lobby bar is also great. A different show each night with same group of entertainers. They are fabulous dancers and the costumes are over the top. Audience participation is a real blast.

Absolutely beautiful hotel I stayed for one night at the Chesterfield on my own as I had been invited to a swanky party in Mayfair on a Saturday night and decided to treat myself. I did, however, get a fantastic deal on a website called hoteldirect I think and got a beautiful yet small single room with breakfast included. I turned up on Saturday afternoon and have to say that my entire stay was memorable! The room was beautiful, the bed so comfortable and the bed linen elegant and fine. The bathroom was gleaming marble with lots of lovely goodies and a huge shower. I was on the 3rd floor and it was incredible quiet. On Sunday morning, I ordered room service for breakfast which was such a treat and delicious. I don't often have the need to stay in London, as I live near Richmond but the hotel made my weekend a weekend to remember! Thank you The Chesterfield!

comfortable We just returned from a business trip to the hyatt this past weekend.Our room was very comfortable and very spacious.The food in the italian restaurant was very good as we went with the nightly special. The food at the revolving restaurant was excellent as was the service,although it was a little on the expensive side.The views are spectacular.The only thing that the hotel could improve on was seating in the main lobby--there is a couple of chairs and a couch and alot of empty space.

Great location, nice hotel I had a lovely stay at this hotel. My room was very attractive and the location couldn't be better. It's close to the Accademia and a wonderful foccaceria too! I had no problems.

Great little hotel I thought this was a great little hotel. The rooms are a good size for a major city and cleverly-designed to make the most of space. The shower was excellent and the bed was very comfortable. I found the staff very friendly and helpful. Also, I thought room service and the minibar were reasonably-priced. Breakfast was really good too.The location was really useful - within 15 minutes we could walk to Las Ramblas, the Barri Gotic, and the Passag de Gracia (where many of the Gaudi buildings are). Also, it's only half a block from a metro station, where the airport bus also sets down.The best bit is probably the rooftop area with a lovely shady deck and a pool for cooling off and chilling out (more like a big jacuzzi though - you can't really swim in it).There were a few niggles - the sink and bath didn't drain properly unless we took the plug out. Also the noise from the park outside really intruded in the evening, since all the neighbourhood kids were playing there, very loudly. Thankfully they did all go to bed by the time we wanted to go to bed. But overall, I was really happy with our stay and would definitely stay again.

What can I say, it was FANTASTIC We just got back from Iberostar Bavaro, I was with my husband 3 eighteen year old girls, my 23 year old son and his girlfriend.We all had a great time, the hotel is spotless, the landscaping breathtaking, the beach was beautiful clean warm water, swaying palm trees. We never had a problem getting chairs with shade at the beach, you did have to get up by 8 to get a shade unbrella at the pool. Food was great, we all had a touch of upset stomach, but that is natural when eating in a different country.. HINT: squeeze lime on your food, a native told us it settles your stomach when eating food cooked different than you are use too.Staff at hotel very friendly, my ONLY complaint is the Guest Services Desk, not friendly not helpful. Rooms were spotless and very very nice and roomy, we had a beach view, I recomend you ask for one in the 2300 very nice and close to pool and beach... the men complained when you had to wear long pants at night for certain restaurants, it was VERY hot. Drinks were good and plentiful. the girls had a blast at the lobby bar, and the disco, the night time shows were good, some better than others... we did not do any off resort tours it was just toooo hot!! they did do parasailing and banana boats and had fun.I truly recomend this resort and I plan on returning soon hopefully..

Location that cannot be beat We stayed at the Bostonian Sept. 13-Sept. 16, 2007. The hotel is in need of renovation, which according to signs inside the hotel, will commence in early 2008. I, however, am willing to overlook some stained carpet and outdated decor for an absolutely outstanding location. Being across the street from Fanueil Hall and Quincy Market, on the doorstep of the North End and dozens of great italian restaurants, a five-minute walk to the waterfront and aquarium are more important to me than high-end design. The staff was very friendly. I called housekeeping twice (once for a pair of scissors and once from more decaf coffee) and both times there was a knock at our door in less than 5 minutes. Our room would not win any awards for high style, but it was large and clean. When this place is renovated, it will be THE place to stay in Boston.

If location is what you want... Hotel 41 is for you!We just returned from a long weekend at Hotel 41 and were very, very pleased about our stay. The hotel is absolutely, without a doubt, perfectly situated for a tourists visit to NYC. Literally steps from Times Square, Hotel 41 was a clean, quiet and comfortable retreat from the hustle and bustle of NYC. The rooms are small, as other reviewers have said. But I am a large person and I had no problems getting around the room or the bathroom. We stayed in Room 402, directly next to the flashing red RENT sign, and directly above 41st Street. The shade and curtains were enough to block out most of the light - I actually have more light coming in my bedroom window in my surburban home than I did at Hotel 41.The staff was very friendly and accommodating, at reception and at Bar 41 for breakfast and a late night snack. They held our bags for us without charge on our last morning so that we could do some more sightseeing.Although this, for some reason, was a very expensive weekend in NYC for hotel rooms, I loved my stay at Hotel 41 and recommend it enthusiastically to all.

Above average at the Agora My Fiance and I stayed at the Agora for 3 nights in the beginning of March 2007. We found the staff very pleasant and helpful. They recommended shops, tours, places to eat and attractions. They booked our Moulin Rouge trip and ensured that our car turned up to take us back to the airport on the last day. The elevator was a bit compact and the Hallways/Stairwells were a bit narrow. Our room faced onto the internal atrium. At frst I was disappointed that we did not have a view, but in retrospect, I am glad that we had peace and quiet away from the street. Our room had comtemporary decor and attactive furnishings, but again, it was quite small. The En Suite was fully tiled with a power shower. The room was clean and in good condition. Continental breakfast was included and was as expected. We found the location very good. St. Germain area is lovely with it's own outdoor market, an abundance of shops and places to eat. Very close to Maubert Mutualite metro station. Would stay here again if I am ever back in this lovely city.

Great location This is a great hotel - well placed for shopping and all the sights of NYC. Rooms spacious and clean, staff very helpful indeed. Go to Chin Chin chinese restaurant 1 block away and have a fabulous meal - we did!

Fabulous! The affinia Dumont is a fabulous hotel - rooms large and very clean. Staff were very helpful with great recommendations for restuarants etc. Lots of really nice street cafes and bars near by.

Great! I stayed here the night before moving into the University of Washington and it was lovely after my long flight! Staff were very friendly, and I'd booked a two-queen bed room even though there was only me because it was the only one available, but when I got there they'd upgraded me to a premier king-sized bed room with complimentary breakfast delivered to my door, so that was nice! A lovely place to stay if you're going to the UW or visiting someone there, or just visiting Seattle in general - the complimentary shuttle it very useful indeed! Highly recommended.

Enjoyed our stay..beautiful grounds Gorgeous pool!

Good basic hotel in an excellent location We booked this hotel through Agoda.com and got a non-smoking, Harbour View Room at the 16th floor. We chose this hotel for the location, relatively good reviews and the free shuttle service to and from the HKCEC (we attended a convention) -- the next best thing to a hotel beside the HKCEC.The overall design of the hotel is simple and dated but generally well-maintained.Check-in: No problem here. We were initially informed that there was no room available until after three hours upon our arrival, but somehow we got one after five minutes or so.Room: As the other reviewers before me mentioned, the rooms offer only a partial view of the harbour and more of the tennis courts below. It was not really a big deal for me personally, as I expected it. Anyway, more importantly, the room was immaculately clean. No weird smells or icky carpets. It was a nice, basic room with in-room safe, complimentary coffee/tea facilities, mini bar and the usual toiletries/amenities. No bathtub, though, and the wardrobe was a bit small. Still for the price that we paid during the peak season, it was good value for money. I liked that they took the initiative of putting an adapter and an internet cable in one of the drawers. By the way, free broadband internet access in the rooms. WiFi in the 1st and 2nd floors.Location: It's not the most posh place in town but there's a 7-eleven and Wellkome nearby, a few small restaurants, bakeries, a bar, some book shops and it's a 2-minute walk to the Tin Hau MTR Station. The MTR is basically THE mode of transportation that you will need in HK. If you fancy walking around, the hotel is very near Victoria Park, Tin Hau Temple and the library. I love the location! Peaceful, but not isolated. I do think there's also a McDonald's nearby (but why when you're in HK), but haven't had the chance to check it out.Tip: When taking the taxi, make sure to specify Metropark Hotel Causeway Bay (as there is another in Wan Chai), near Tin Hau MTR Station. Better yet, keep your hotel keycard handy and just show it to the driver.Service: Efficient and friendly staff. Our cleaning lady was very friendly and cheerful, always greets us with a smile. I've no complaints. I appreciated the fact that they let me use the computer/internet near the lobby even after the Business Center closed at 7pm.Food: Didn't try the food at the hotel as the prices are pretty steep. Guests DO get 30% discount off the regular rate (for intercontinental dinner buffet), but as I said before, this is HK. We just buy some pastries and bread at the nearby bakeries/mini groceries or eat at Cafe de Coral. :) Cheap, good food.Overall: 4 out of 5. No gripes, really. It a good hotel -- great location, simple, clean rooms and good service. Although the prices of the food on the menu are pretty high, there are a lot of cheaper alternatives nearby. It probably just lacks that little extra oomph -- that wow factor -- that would push my rating up a notch.

Fantastic location! If there's one thing I regret about my stay in Hotel 1898, it's the fact that I only stayed for a night here. I loved this hotel -- from its facilities, the room, the service and the location.Location -- It's along Las Ramblas, so there is a lot of activity going on right when you step outside the hotel. It is a touristy area, so for some it may not be your cup of tea, but it is conveniently located beside MANY shops, cafes and most of all, the La Boqueria (a large public market quite famous in Barcelona. Make sure to go here if you're a foodie). You'll never get bored (shopping and lot of street performers) or hungry here. There's a McDonalds and KFC a few minutes walk away from the hotel, so if you're starting to miss the fast food, you can always go there. Room -- Immaculately clean. The design was very nice. My room was navy blue and white, very classy. Quite spacious for one person, really. They were quite generous with the amenities as well. There's a cool room feature that sort of sets the overall lighting of your room depending on your mood / activity -- for watching TV, for entertaining visitors, sleeping, etc. :)Staff / Service -- Professional and accommodating. Although I really didn't get to interact with them that much except for check in/out and when I asked for an electrical adaptor. But all in all, they were alright.Price -- Got this hotel because of an error made by the travel agent in my booking, so this was a pleasant mistake. But I would say it is still good value for the money. Facilities -- I haven't had the chance to use the facilities, but from what I have seen of the spa and the pool, I would like to go back and try them sometime. Food - Nothing remarkable. Don't expect an eye-popping spread, but it's alright. Overall - I love the hotel for the location, primarily. The fact that the other factors such as the room and staff were great is just icing on the cake.

Excellent hotel! My friend and I just came back from a 4-night, 5-day trip to Singapore. We decided to stay at the Royal Plaza on Scotts because we have heard many good reviews about it and we got a pretty nice deal with asiabesthotel.com.We were not disappointed.Check-in was a breeze and the staff were very friendly. I recommend Karen at the front desk, she is very warm and willing to help out...very knowledgeable, too. Anyway, we were given a room on the 6th floor. We were also informed during check-in that the hotel was smoke-free and the rooms may not have a view. That was fine with us. We all knew this before we came to the hotel, so it was not an issue.The room itself was very clean, I think it was newly renovated. The beds were just right, as were the pillows. I love their slippers, though, very soft and perfect after a day walking through Singapore. Everything else was pretty standard. The bathroom was clean, but no bathtub. Personally, I like it better. I never use the bathtub in hotels anyway and the rain shower head more than made up for the lack of a tub, in my opinion. There had been a bit of a problem with the water heater once, though, but it was immediately fixed, so no biggie.A great touch was the free minibar and the free wireless internet if you have a laptop. If not, there is a complimentary 15 minutes daily use of internet at the business center (2nd floor) for guests. I don't think they're that strict about it, especially when there aren't much people who are waiting to use the computers.The breakfast at the Carousel was good, in terms of variety (and maybe quantity) and about average in terms of the taste and food quality. The ambiance was pretty cool, and the staff as always were friendly and very attentive to your needs (I dropped a fork and was immediately replaced even before I asked for it). As the other reviewers may have mentioned, the buffet does not serve pork. Sausages and bacons are made of chicken, beef or turkey. The hotel is in excellent location. Scotts Road is very, very near Orchard and about 3-5 minutes walk to the Orchard MRT. Beside the hotel is DFS Galeria and McDonalds and other malls just a few steps away. Overall, I would rate this hotel as above average. It falls a bit short on the food (taste and quality). BUT, as we paid SGD210/night including breakfast, we consider this as excellent value for money. So this ups my rating, definitely.

A beautiful Christmas In Paris My fiancee and I planned an amazing trip to Paris last christmas and thanks to the absolutely lovely and luxurious Four Seasons, it was one of the most memorable trips i've ever taken. This hotel is the epitome of elegance. A true no-expense-spared experience.Cost a bundle but in my oppinion, worth every penny.

Everything was fantastic.... My fiance I stayed at the Harbor Court Hotel for 2 nights. From the moment we walked in the front door to check in, we loved it. The staff were very friendly helpful, the room was very clean, we liked the location, the coffee/tea/hot chocolate in the morning the wine/beer happy hour from 5pm-6pm was great!We stayed in a part bay view room on the 8th floor. We had noise from the air conditioner units from the restaurant next door but we walked so much through the day that we slept through it! Next time we stay I will request a room with a full bay view.It rained all weekend we still walked everywhere. It's not that far a walk from Union Square it's all flat with no hills. We would recommend this hotel to most people. I wouldn't take kids though.

Good Location My finance I stayed 1 night at the Orchard Hotel. We didn't think it was the nicest hotel we've stayed in. The only few good things was the location, the room size the staff were very friendly. The bed was as hard as a rock the shower was dirty. It took us 2 calls to downstairs for them to give us the correct password to get the free internet access to work. Once we got the correct password, it worked fine.

Great Value You cannot beat the service at the Conrad. The staff was very helpful and friendly. Room was exceptionally clean and we appreciated the turndown service which provided bottled water and slippers. All the upgraded amenities were a nice touch. I agree that the walls are slightly thin. However, no poblem sleeping in the comfortable beds.This hotel was about a $20 cab ride from South Beach and Key Biscayne. Breakfast at Atrio was amazing, dinner was just average.

Noisy, Noisy, Noisy!!! Never Again!!! They have taken an older, elegant property and painted it the most garish colors imaginable! The rooms are redone in a very haphazard way - they slapped on some paint but failed to refinish any of the wood items like the beat-up 70's era dressers. There is no refrigerator, so you are stuck hauling ice from another floor to keep any beverage cold. The worst complaint is that we asked for a quiet room - HAH! Right under our bedroom window, at 7am the workmen showed up and started hauling metal ladders out of the back of their trucks, yelling at each other, playing the radios in their trucks, and then the air compressor started and stayed on all day!!! When we complained, we were offered an even noisier room (instead of a suite) near the entrance - no upgrade, no discount, no free night. In addition, the highway just below is very noisy; because this is primarily a BUSINESS hotel, the guests themselves don't seem to realize that other people might be on VACATION so when they come back to their rooms drunk or get up at 6am they think it is perfectly OK to yell at their friends; they have outdoor meetings with loudspeakers that can be heard all over the property; and there is a riding academy by the golf course that smells like guess what? Horses! The beds were HARD - this was the upgraded mattress, at a time most hotel chains are changing to pillow-tops. And the pillows were so squishy I couldn't find enough of them to prop me up so I could read. Don't count on getting to eat at the fancy restaurant - it is booked by private parties most weekends and some week nights and is closed Sunday and Monday. The Mexican restaurant is a big joke - $12 for two American-style tacos! They have a captive audience and take full advantage of it.Because this resort is on a steep hillside, you either need to be in pretty good shape or ask for a shuttle everywhere you go. Won't be staying HERE again!

Tiny Rooms, Great Location The night market is right outside the hotel. The surrounding area is great, a short walk to the MTR and great location. The rooms are SMALL. I read reviews of the hotel before we booked it since we needed a place to stay when we came back from Thailand and noticed many reviews indicating the small rooms but I thought it couldn't be THAT small and this had the cheapest rate available. I booked a room with two beds. The room was SO small...there was absolutely no room to put both of our luggages. We had to put it in the entryway (which was very small to begin with) to open it up, my friend and I each taking turns. There was no walking room thereafter. We eventually realized there was a funky stench underlying a bleach smell and asked to be moved to be another room. The front desk was really helpful in moving us, but they were only able to move us to one double bed. This room doesn't get bigger. This is a cheap hotel but there's really NO space and it's confining. You may find other hotels at around the same rate and same area as we stayed in another hotel before Thailand.

Great rooms The check in was extremely fast and friendly and we were even given a room upgrade which was a lovely surprise. There was some building work going on to the outside but other than a bit of dust there were no issues with thisThe room itself was immaculately clean and had a very contemporary and well thought out feel. The rain shower was lovely and the bed was extremely comfortableThe location was great, with easy walking access to all the major parts of the city. Would definately stay here again

Brilliant Standard Lovely - would recommed without hesitation. We arrived early morning having flown 21 hours from the UK and although it was too early to check in we were offered access to a shower to freshen up. The room was a deluxe harbour view with balcony and it was spacious, well designed and equipped and had fabulous views over Darling Harbour and was within a 25 minute walk of The Rocks and Opera House - fantastic!

A wonderful stay! Our room was beautiful!!!! I sleep in a waterbed normally, and most hotel beds are like boards to me, but this bed was, without a doubt, one of the most comfortable beds I have ever slept in at a hotel. The comfortable bed with the wonderful linens...... I was in heaven. The bathroom was beautiful with a great shower. The room was well worth the price. We enjoyed a glass of wine at the outside tables at the end of each day after miles of walking and taking in the sights of DC. The concierge was helpful and the bartender friendly. The room was spotless and comfortable. What more could you ask for?

Brilliant stay at the Soho We really looked into hotels in London as prices are generally outrageous - especially with the pound so strong against other currencies. The Soho was expensive (305 pounds per night), but worth every cent.The room at the Soho (luxury double) was beautifully appointed and far more spacious than expected. The bedroom had large (openable) windows and a wonderful bed with quality linens. Bathroom was great with a huge bath and separate shower.The hotel's public areas are good and staff are friendly. The room service was of an exceptional quality - though check your order as both times we had room service they forgot something! The location is what makes this hotel one of the best around. It is right in the heart of Soho and an easy distance to everything.Thoroughly recommended. Looking forward to trying other hotels in the Firmdale group.

A perfect retreat in bustling Florence Fellow travellers rate this hotel highly and they are spot-on. This was one of the highlights of our 2-month trip in italy. We stayed for 9 nights in the Junior Suite (Iris) on the top floor, which is extremely private - like having your own apartment! We barely heard another guest in the Residence, even though at one stage during our stay the place was completely full. It had two very large windows overlooking a divine garden and with views of the hills surrounding Florence. Inside it is incredibly spacious, clean and well-appointed. The bed is comfortable and the bathroom is huge and lovely with skylights and good ventilation. The kitchenette is incredibly handy if, like us, you are sick of eating in retsaurants after so long away. Angela will give you a recommendation for a local Rosticceria near Piazza Ferrucci which has quite an amazing array of wonderful hot and cold foods, incredible wine and friendly staff.The Residence is located on the Oltrarno side of Florence and is perfect as a cool, green retreat from the centro storico (historical centre), which can get searingly hot in the summer months and is brim-full of tourists. (There is good reason that the Pitti Palace and Boboli gradens were built in this location - even in a time when tourists were more scarce!) The Residence is essentially an old family villa in an aristocratic, garden-filled part of the city and a very comfortable walking distance from pretty much all major attractions. Less than 10 minutes walk to the Ponte Vecchio along the river and easy enough to get a cab back from town (about 5-7 euro) if you need it. The Residence is also, as others have explained, close to the major viewpoint over Florence (Piazzale Michelangelo) - but don't stop here - go to the monastery at the top of the hill for the ultimate views of the city and surrounds. In our opinion Oltrarno also has the best restaurants and nightlife - check out La Beppa Fioraia and Osteria Antica Mescita San Niccolo. The San Niccolo junction is a hotspot for young Florentines on weekends.The jewels in the crown of Residence Michelangiolo are the owners Angela and Cherubino who, true to their names, are angelic and cherubic! They made sure we had everything we needed for a reasonably lengthy stay. They also have somewhat of a sixth sense about privacy - they were there when we needed them and not when we didn't. They live mostly off-site (readily contactable if needed) and you are given your own keys to the villa. Reception hours are till 6pm, but they were often there much later. On our second-last night they surprised us with a lovely chilled bottle of Prosecco and a platter of strawberries with lemon and sugar (as a gift for our 10th anniversary which we celebrated while there).For those of you who are on a working holiday the internet connection here is fantatsic and Angela seems to be able to get any computer to work. There is also a desk and lamp - plenty of room to spread out etc. If you have a car then this is a brilliant location as you can park in the villa's secure carpark and you need not get into the labyrinth of tiny one-way streets in Florence.All-in-all an amazing place in an amazing location with amazing owners and staff. We cannot recommend the Residence Michelangiolo highly enough - they deserve the No.1 spot on tripadvisor. Ciao!PS: A little-known highlight of Florence is the Corrodoio Vasariano - the ancient and private Medici skyway leading from the Uffizi gallery, across the Ponte Vecchio and popping out in the grotto at the Boboli Gardens. It can only be visited with a guide but is well worth the cost. Check out Florenceart.com for tickets.

Dissappointment Bathroom mildrew (bath)

Pleasantly surprised This was a great hotel, having booked on the internet at a very cheap special wasn't expecting the greatest room , ($99)But it was wonderful , so much better than I I thought it would be. Must say it was one of the BEST rooms that I have ever stayed in.Clean ,quite, room was lovely and the bathroom HUGE and everything was spotlessly clean . All of those little extras were there .Location to Darling Harbour was perfect. Just across the road from Chinatown, which was perfect for eating out with friends.Would love to stay then again ,hope to in the future.

Not our Favorite We stayed in New Orleans both before and after a cruise in December, 2006, including 3 nights at the St. Marie. The hotel is located in the French Quarter, within easy walking distance of everything. While I hate to criticize anything in New Orleans, given the continuing tragic post-Katrina situation there, we felt that the St. Marie was really showing it's age. The beds were saggy, there were cracks in the bathroom sink (which didn't drain well), they use only 75 watt bulbs, so it's kind of hard to read, the electrical outlet by the coffee pot was coming out of the wall, the hot water was unreliable and the soundproofing was poor. On Christmas day, we realized that housekeeping had not cleaned our coffee pot or given us clean glasses. We asked if they would, and they agreed, but didn't follow through. When my husband went to the front desk to ask for some clean glasses, he was told that they don't change glasses every day, and they didn't give him new ones. The bar--with lots of clean glasses--was right across the lobby. Next time, we would definitely stay elsewhere. The staff was nice, but didn't make up for the poor maintenance at the St. Marie.

Excellent Choice! We stayed in New Orleans both before and after a cruise in December, 2006. Our pre-cruise stay was at the Maison Dupuy. We wished we had stayed there afterwards as well! The hotel is in the French Quarter, within easy walking distance of everything.We had no complaints about the Dupuy--they are renovating, and our room was bright and clean with a pretty wrought-iron balcony overlooking the street. The room was fairly quiet, considering it was New Orleans, where the party goes on and on. Next time I would ask for a room overlooking the lovely courtyard--there were 3 weddings there the day we stayed. Their breakfast buffet was good, although not included in the price, in a room with great copies of Talouse Latrec's paintings covering the walls. This room/bar also has a big screen tv for watching football games. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay here, and can't understand why it isn't rated higher on Trip Advisor. It is a hotel that is obviously well-managed and well-maintained. Perhaps not enough people have checked it out. We highly recommend it.

Fabulous Hotel Spent four nights at the Fairmont - it was fabulous. Check in was a breeze - the desk clerk was courteous, efficient and accomodating. We were given a room in the Tower section with a gorgeous view of the bay. The room was spacious and well furnished, the bathroom was all marble, with a seperate shower and toilet area. The lobby is stunning. Breakfast buffet was expensive at $25, but great variety. The hotel is at the top of Nob Hill - it's quite a steep hike to get there, but cabs are cheap and the cablecar stops right outside. I highly recommend this hotel.

Charming Hotel in a Great Neighborhood We were only able to spend two nights in Paris, prior to a 14-day European cruise - but of the 9 countries and 14 cities we visited during our nearly 3 week tour of Europe, Paris has got to be our favorite - and the Hotel du Cadran has a lot to do with it! The location is absolutely the best. We walked to the Eiffel Tower, Invalides, Rodin Museum, the Champs Elysses, and the Arc de Triomphe. But always felt so comfortable when returning to our neighborhood around the hotel. There are actually too many wonderful boulangeries and patisseries nearby! (Too much temptation!) And everything I read on Trip Advisor about the hotel staff is absolutely true....Emilie is a jewel. Speaks perfect English and is always happy to help in any way she can, from marking directions on a map to confirming tour reservations and making arrangements for airport transportation. Yes, our room was small, but we didn't spend any more time there than just to sleep and get ready for the next day's adventure. And the croissants at breakfast are without a doubt the best we've ever tasted. Yes, they serve you one - but will bring you as many as you like upon request. There was some confusion as to whether or not the breakfast was included in the price. We thought it was included, but learned upon checkout that we would have to pay 10 euros each. Just confirm upon check-in whether or not your rate includes breakfast - we failed to do this. We would definitely return to the Cadran!

Could've been better The hotel is set in a beautiful location with magnification views, our initial room was mediocre but the changed it at our request as the harbour view (which we had requested) was only partially visible.Excellent gym facilities, sauna and steam room. The roof top swimming pool was stunning. Breakfast was standard buffet fare. The location for shopping was very good as it is very close to a number of larger shopping malls The overall experience was marred by problems with the hotel reservation booking system. After half-a-dozen calls from the UK to Hong Kong to inform them of our change of plans, they still tried to charge us for the night we had cancelled well in advance.For a 5* hotel, I did expect better customer service rather than drawn out discussions as to why they felt they had to charge us.

Wonderful Le Walt Hotel Le Walt from the outside

If you want to "feel at home", this is the place to stay This was the third time I stayed at Sportsmens and I enjoyed it as much as ever. This place is in no way luxurious, and as has been pointed out by several reviewers, rather old. However I still find it really pleasant to stay here because the place has everything that you would need for a comfortable, relaxing stay. You will find a restaurant that serves traditional American food, regular and reliable room service, a clean swimming pool, fairly large rooms each with an ample-sized balcony, friendly staff... honestly I cannot really think of what else to ask for! I sometimes wish that there were fewer of those entertainment events in early evenings by the pool, but even they do not go on and on forever. In short, it all works here at the sportsmens.

The BEST we have ever stopped in! We found this hotel after looking on the top ten hotels for Amsterdam on Trip Advisor and are we glad that we did!If you're stupidly homophobic or a complete prude then this isn't the place for you... for us? It was great fun! and if we go back to Amsterdam we'll certainly be booking again.I booked it for our Wedding Anniversary (yes we are straight! and not into the leather scene!) but having read the reviews and visiting the hotel website, we were convinced we would have a nice time!Its is located about 2 minute walk from the train station, and is within walking distance to everything thats of interest in Amsterdam central.The hotel is alongside a canal and is very unassuming from the outside, you have to count the numbers to know its the right one!On arrival we were warmly met by Jurrich who booked us in and served us a beer and gave us a good idea on the map as to where everything was located...We stayed in Room 12 (classic room) and oh what a room!Its gorgeously decorated, the bed was sumptuous and huge! everything was spotlessley clean (theres not many places we have stopped in that can claim this), there's also a CD player, DVD and TV, a very well stocked mini bar, a safe...The bathroom was just as lovely, a double bath, walk in shower...... oh i almost forgot... and a cage!!!The breakfast is normally 10 - 12, which trust me after a late night out in Amsterdam its fabulous to have a lie in and not miss breakfast.... and what a breakfast it was! This far surpasses anything we have had previously on the continent.Theres fresh fruit salad, yoghurts, cheeses, ham, all types of fresh breads, including nice soft stuff perfect for toasting, lots of different types of jams, honey etc, fresh coffee, tea and orange juice, but the best bit was Jurrichs bacon and eggs....All in all we have never stopped in a better hotel and Jurrich and Onno should be very proud of the standards they have set!

great resort Upon arrival at the Aston bali my friend was already quite sick, during the stay she grew progressivley worse and the help that the staff provided was wonderful. They have an onsite docter who provided medication and when we were told that we could not fly home on the intended day because of the sickness, they very quickly organised for an extended stay and also on the last day one of the managers gave free late check out as my friend was still too sick to leave the hotel at normal checkout time. Also as my friend couldnt leave they let us choose any of the restaurant food and brought it too our room, instead of only having the room service food options.The hotel is located right on the beach which is great. Also a few minutes walk away there are lots of water activites to do. The hotel also has a lovely spa and a large pool with pool bar.That is the second time I have stayed at the Aston, and I would definatley recommend it.

great location I stayed for five nights and was pretty happy with the hotel and the service. The rooms were small but so are most hotels in hong kong. Everything was clean and tidy and the staff were helpful. Location was perfect, very short walk and you will find shops everywhere. There is also a train station close by which is very easy to use and will take you basically anywhere you could want to go.Only thing that annoyed me is the extreamly long wait for the life every time you wanted to use it.

The best property I have ever stayed in I stayed at The Villas for four nights in Febuary this year with a friend. They look even better in real life then in the photos on their website (though i did stay in one of the newer villas). They are completly private, would be perfect for a honeymoon or romantic get away. You also get your own private pool and garden.The villas are cleaned regularly and if you don't want to go to the restaurant for breakfast, they will come to your villa and prepare your food right there for you.The local shops are within walking distance, but to get to Kuta or the main shopping parts of Bali a taxi is needed, but this is very cheap anyway.

Loved the Nikko The view at Happy hour

Wonderful We just returned from the Omni Royal Orleans and I can't say enough good about it. The entire experience, from booking our room to check out, was excellent. The hotel is beautiful and in a great location. The food in the Rib Room was wonderful. The staff was pleasant and went out of their way to please. Everything was first class the entire stay. I will never stay anywhere else in New Orleans but the Omni from now on.

Lisa isn't the only one "moaning".... Lisa isn't the only one moaning after a stay at this place. Shabby chic hotel in old part of Florence. Relatively clean, slightly rundown. Staff must have done guest services training at local prison. It was all about following THE RULES from the moment we got there until the moment we left...rules that only the staff was privy to. I.e. no one in their right mind would guess some of the requirements they had for their guests. These people are clueless. Avoid this place if you would like to have a happy memory of your stay in Florence.

Very nice, pleasant hotel in good location The hotel

Loved the Apex hotel i thought i should write a review about this hotel.When we arrived early morning the room was not available but we wee able to leave our luggage in a room and they took my mobile number and text me when the room was available.So when we went back to the hotel after the text we were given room 316 on the third floor i booked a deluxe king room witch is three up from the basic room, it was huge had a massive bed and a sofa area with a huge plasma TV. Room came with bathrobes, toiletries and slippers, as well as a Nespreso maker.We were given complimentary drinks voucher each and a box of chocloates too - and of course the rubber duck in teh bathroom!the hotel is about 5 mins from Tower Hill station and about 5 mins from two pubs although we did not use them.Our rate included brwakfast and we were entitled to continental including cerials, jams, bread, pastries, fruit etc and also a full english! very tasty!overall this is a truley wonderfull hotel located in a good and convienent location and would i reccommend it to my friends - YOU BET I WOULD!

Great Hotel Myself, partner and son are just back from a nine night stay in New York, and we would definitely recommend this hotel. I booked it thorugh gta hotels and got it for 1123 euro for the nine nights, this was room only but with so many places to eat right on your doorstep, breakfast is not a problem.The Location of the hotel is excellent as its so close to everything. This was our 4th time in New York but our first stay in the Belvedere, and having stayed in the Hilton Times Square the last time , I found this hotel to be much better value although the rooms were a little dated but spacious none the less and the little kitchen is handy if you fancied heating up a snack or just having a coffee.Staff in the hotel were very friendly, and at hand to answer any questions.For eating out there is a great bbq place on 42nd street called Dallas Bbq which was great value for big portions. Ideal for families and people on a budget or long stay.

Fab Hotel Myself, partner and Child stayed here for 9 nights in Feb 2005 and loved it. It's called the times square hilton but its actually on 42nd street and not time square so it does deceive people who havent been to Ny before.Reception is situated on the 21st floor where the staff are v polite and helpful. The bedrooms are lovely and clean if a little on the small side considering the cost. The downside of our stay here was that when we were here there was work going on outside our hotel at 7 in the morning and it was v noisy. I know the hotel cant be blamed on this however they didnt even warn us of this and you would think that as we were staying on the 35th floor that we wouldnt be able to hear it, but we could.Also, the day we checked out the only place we could leave our luggage was on the ground floor with the concierge who will only mind your luggage for a fee but doesnt say how much. i think this is poor show after paying a v high price to stay there.

Gorgeous rooms! My husband and I spent a night at the Peninsula Tokyo on our honeymoon in Japan. I wish we could have stayed longer (but we were heading to Kyoto) The Peninsula was beautiful! Our room was absolutely gorgeous- I have never stayed somewhere so nice. It is super modern with all the electronic amenities that Japan does so well. I loved pressing all the buttons everywhere to see what htey would do. The bed was very comfortable, the rainforest shower was fantastic. The front desk was very polite, helpful, and spoke English well. My only complaint would be that the restaurants were very expensive and this hotel is very upscale- such that us Americans felt severely underdressed wearing jeans and walking through the lobby. This isn't really a place to relax and be yourself- everyone looked like they fell out of a fashion magazine- but maybe that's just Tokyo for you. All in all- a very nice stay and well worth the money.

Great Comfort in heart of the city This is the second time I have stayed at the Handlery and it never fails to delight. Rooms are on the small side but beautifully decorated, furnished, comfortable and very clean. The staff are friendly and helpful, and you are just a few steps away from Union Square and some great shopping. Bearing in mind all of this, prices are excellent value. So many hotels in San Francisco are disappointing, noisy and smelly (in my experience) this is great, wouldnt hesitate to recommend it!

Return Visit This was a return visit as we enjoyed our first stay so much. The rooms are comfortable although compact and the location is excellent. It's worth requesting a front room as it's glorious to wake up to the Pantheon right outside the window. People watching is great value with the Sorbonne being so close.The staff are unfailingly helpful and courteous and although we didn't have breakfast there once on our first visit, we took it there almost every morning of our second visit. It was a lot cheaper and more substantial than in a cafe and the waitress was wonderful. There are plenty of good local restaurants within easy strolling distance and the Musee de Moyen Age is close by and well worth a visit to see the beautiful Lady and the Unicorn Tapestries. We will be happy to go back again on our next visit to Paris.

Sleepless in SF My husband and I stayed here the other night and we're still recovering from the lack of sleep. We reserved a deluxe room and after trying to enter the wrong room (front desk error), we finally entered our abode for the evening. Once inside, I wondered what a non-deluxe room must look like. There was nothing deluxe about the shoebox we checked into. It was very small, with a King size bed, a media armoire, a desk and a couple of chairs and lamps crammed into it. Pretty standard. Anyway, it would do. The problem occurred later when we came back from dinner past midnight and were looking forward to some serious shut eye. ALL NIGHT LONG there was this hideous creaking sound coming out of the ceiling. It was like living under a pacing 300 pound giant. I tossed. I turned. I turned on the TV to drown out the horrible noise. I piled pillows over my head. Finally, at 3:49 AM I gave up and just turned the lights on and started checking my e-mail. We ended up checking out at 9:00 AM so I could get home and take a nap instead of hanging out in the city for a few hours. There is nothing horribly bad about the Hyatt (except for that creaking) but there's nothing really great about it either. I'll definitely opt for other digs next time we visit.

top notch in the capital Our stay at Hotel 41 was a delight, from the time we walked in the front entrance to our departure. All the staff were very polite, attentive and seemed to take genuine pleasure in meeting all our needs and indeed, exceeding our expectations with all the special touches that made our stay memorable. The rooms were of the highest standard and the attention to detail in ensuring our comfort was delightful. We went to celebrate my fortieth birthday and will remember hotel 41 for all the right reasons for many years to come. We wil definately be returning in the future and have no hesitation in recommending this haven to others!

Adequate, but not recommended Our junior suite was small, but adequate. The bathroom was the smallest we have experienced in a long time. Service was responsive, but not friendly, and we were given incorrect information several times. I would stay elsewhere next time

Great location!!! good hotel- friendly staff- fab weekend away!! Badezimmer

Location, location, location! We LOVE the Renaissance. We have been staying at this hotel for the past 3 years. Every time we visit NYC, this is the hotel we stay at. The rooms are nice and large. You can't beat the location!

Great value, great location - loved it! We stayed at the Inn after reading a couple of very positive reviews on this site and we were not disappointed. I had looked for something in the area at my price range and kept finding fleabags so I was really pleased to find the Inn.We had just endured a 12 hour transatlantic flight so we were all a little tired and fed-up. What better way to revive ourselves than with the freshly-baked complimentary cookies on the reception desk?!? On subsequent days there was also a fruit basket and freshly squeezed juice, all compliments of the hotel. The location is another HUGE bonus. It was a quick and easy drive from LAX airport, and we were only 2-3 blocks from the beach. So every morning we could take a walk on the beach before breakfast, and stroll on the beach at sunset. The markets (and the endessley fascinating passing parade) of Venice Beach is about a 5 minute walk and both Santa Monica and Marina del Rey are 5 minutes by car. The rooms are enormous by European standards (although I gather pretty average by American standards!) and nicely furnished. We had a queen-sized bed and a rollaway bed in our room and it never felt too crowded. Our room faced the street, so there was some traffic noise in the morning, but nothing too bad. The room was very well equipped - there were more free toiletries than we had at any other hotel over our 17 day trip and they also provided bathrobes, which is an obsession of mine ;-) If silence is a priority, make sure to ask for a room facing onto the delicious little courtyard in the middle of the building. It's a really lovely little public area that doubles up as an overflow for the breakfast room and looks great with the lush plants and little fountain. The breakfast (served in the room adjacent to the courtyard) was good - dry cereals, instant oats, yoghurt, fruit, a selection of hot drinks, bread, bagels, waffles, Philly cream cheese, syrup, jam/jelly etc etc. And nobody seems to mind if you come downstairs, grab some food and eat in your room. The staff were exceptionally friendly and helpful, and credit has to go to the young lady who on our first night recommended Tony P's (in Marina del Rey) for dinner on our first night. We could not believe the view when we walked in - you are RIGHT on the marina! We ate in the enclosed balcony area and had really delicious food (mmmm, clam chowder!) - and it was really reasonable for what you were getting (and downright cheap if paying in Pounds!) The only negatives were the fact that we could not for love or money get our (non wi-fi) laptop computer to work, despite lots of advice from the staff) and the fact that when you are in the bathroom, you can hear every movement in the adjacent bathroom (the staff did warn us about this and suggested we sleep with the bathroom door closed...).But apart from those two very minor gripes, I absolutely loved the Inn and I would definitely stay there again. Oh, and as somebody else has mentioned, the $4 per night parking is really reasonable!

Go Across the Street to the David Jones Food Court... Just got back from staying at the Sheraton On the Park in Sydney (4 nites) and had a very wonderful stay. Yes, the views of Hyde Park were fabulous, wish I had looked out the window when they set off the fireworks the first night we arrived (it was Anzac Day, a Big Deal for the Aussies/Kiwis) because it was probably spectacular, but was too tired. The bell staff was wonderful, we were part of a tour group (tons of luggage!) and they were very efficient, polite, and patient.The bed was great, my husband would have taken his pillows home with us if we had room in the luggage, but alas...and the brekkie was delish (fortunately it was included in our package, otherwise a bit spendy, as all the food seemed to be in Sydney). We got a hot tip from a tour guide who said that the best-kept secret in town was the food court in the lower level of the mall across the street (David Jones, off Castlereagh St.). It was Foodie Heaven! I was swept away to Culinary Paradise with all the offerings one can find down there. Good prices, too! You can pick and choose from all sorts of foods (a deli counter, a noodle bar, a Grill or two, gourmet cheeses, an olive bar, and a killer wines section...and did I forget to mention an absolutely amazing patisserie?) so instead of paying a lot of $$ on restaurant food, you can gather up quite a feast in the Food Court and bring it back to your room. Yum. I am jealous of the Sydney residents that can go there and shop for their own kitchens as they also had tons of gourmet food items and a butcher shop, beautiful fruits/veggies, and all sorts of just gorgeous food. But get there early if you want to get the best selections on breads and other goodies. And they start shutting down after 4:30 or so, and close at 6 PM. Don't miss it!

Beware the Lobby Disco We spent 3 nights at the Marriott over Thanksgiving, before finallly giving up and moving over to the Ritz. The overall experience wasn't awful but it definitely wasn't what we were looking for. Granted the hotel was at capacity over the holiday weekend, but despite the signs all over the pool area stating that lounge chairs could not be reserved, if you didn't get to the pool by 8AM there was nothing left but shady spots (which is more than half the pool area.) The children's pool is fantastic, but larger than the adult pool which wasn't all that inviting, what with a tattered volley ball net strung across the width of the pool.Service was friendly and efficient; better than we had expected. But I found it really annoying that at 4PM daily, small signs were placed on every table in the lobby announcing a two drink minimum per person. Every evening the lobby became a bustling discotheque. The noise was deafening. There really wasn't anywhere to go and have a drink at night other than the lobby disco, an obvious cash cow for the hotel which attracts many more locals than hotel guests. The disco seemed to go until about 4 in the morning.Food was average. Nothing to write home about, but not terribly expensive. We mainly ate breakfast there and the service was very good. Poolside lunch was subpar; mainly airport quality sandwiches and burgers.The beach was littered with cigarette butts and fast food debris and not all that inviting.Rooms were a bit tired and generally bland. Beggars can't be choosers over a holiday weekend so we made the best of it until we could move over to the Ritz Carlton. If you're looking to party all night, this might be the place for you. But for a relaxing weekend get away it's not so hot.

Nice Hotel This hotel is located close to the Opera house. I stayed here for two nights and it was very nice. My room was very comfortable and it provided me with a great view of the city. I booked directly through the hotel website and booked the weekend deal for $315 per night which included one free movie, popcorn, free breakfast a $40 coupon to use in the bar. When I arrived at the hotel a door man greeted me and I was checked in and walked promptly up to my room. I found this hotel to be distinctive and comfortable . The staff was very helpful and provided me with great service. I dined at the bar and found the appetizers to be ok, I paid $18 for 3 scoops of ice cream. The bar had a great atmosphere but it was a bit over priced. I liked this hotel and I would stay there again

Wedding at Bahia Principe First I would like to say that this resort has absolutely stunning grouds, is very clean and the rooms are very beautiful. We had a great vacation all together, but I would like to write this review for people who are thinking of getting married here. The review is very long but could be beneficial to some :Me and my husband just got married at the Bahia Principe Feb 1st 2008, and I though it would be very important to write this review for couples thinking about getting married there.We were a group of 50 travelling together for the wedding. The plane ride was very smooth from TO to DR. Everything went well at the airport and the bus ride to the Bahia, they even stopped at a little shop so we could purchase a few drinks for the ride! Very nice! For those who don't know, the resort is divided in two mirror sections, with two different receptions (Bavaro and Punta Cana). When we arrived at the resort, the bus dropped us off at the wrong reception (50 ppl with luggage) The Bavaro side arranged for little trolleys to come and pick us up with our luggage, so no big deal. When we got to the Punta Cana side, we were told that my Grandmother (which is 78 yrs old) did not have a room because the resort was overbooked. They offered to send her at another resort for a few nights, which we declined since we didn't want her to be all alone at a different resort. So my parents took her into their room, hoping the problem would be corrected the next day. It wasn't...When we got to our room, we were expecting a welcome fruit basket and a letter from the wedding coordinator (as mentionned in the wedding package we purchased) It wasn't there, but we though it wasn't a big deal : we were there to have a good time with our friends and family and to get married! We were already on cloud 9! lol... So we didn't mind not having a fruit basket. The next day, we tried to book some a la carte restaurants and some tours for people in our group, it took 1 1/2 hours for a girl in our group to manage to book our reservations. We understand we are a big group (we were booking for 10 ppl) but we still think 1 1/2 hrs is a long time... By then, my grandmother and my dad go to the reception to see if she has a room yet, they tell her she has to deal with the other reception because she was booked with Bavaro instead of Punta Cana. When she gets to Bavaro, they tell her she has to go to Punta Cana...it was like that for all the room troubles we had that week. Nobody was willing to help, and they would always refer us to the other reception, which you could imagine, got quite a bit frustrating.I was able to find Marianna (the wedding planner) and she tells me we should've had a letter from her in our room, and we missed our appointment with her. She asks that we meet with her later that day. Before the trip, I had also sent letters to Marianna by e-mail, that contained all the information and scedule for the day of the wedding,and I asked for her to put it in every room (I gave her names for each rooms) she told me she would do it. That morning, the letters were not sent, I asked her several times that week and it never got done.Later that day (Tuesday), we met with Gaby (her assistant) and we confirmed everything we wanted for the wedding (the restaurant, flowers, cake, music, decorations etc...) We give her the legal documents we need to get married and the payment of 2000.00$ for the wedding package. Everything goes very well and we are very excited.We were getting married on Friday, and on Thursday night (around 7h30) Marianna calls my room to let me know they will be changing the location of the reception to a different restaurant. Now, I'm not very happy with this, because we had to let 50 people know about the location, and I don't have time (on my wedding day) to call everybody's room and let them know about the change... So I ask her why she changed us (I had confirmation for the Garden Grill for more that 4 months ago) she tells me there is a group of 150 people and they need the big room at the Garden Grill. To make a long story short, it took us 3 hours to 'discuss' with her to make arrangements for a new location, and to find out why we were 'bumped' from our location. It was very frustrating the night before the wedding, and put a bit of a damper on our week. ( The next day, after we were married, we got back to our room for a bit before the reception, and we saw that the Garden Grill had a wedding for about 50 ppl, not a meeting with 150 ppl....)Finally we got the Italian restaurant (the food was ok, but not great...) for our reception. The next day (wedding day), I had a hair and nail appointment at 1:00, my nails were perfect! But my hair was a mess... She was done by 3:00 and I was getting married at 4:00, so you can imagine my panic! lol... I still had to get my make up done, my hair redone and my dress on... Finally (Thanks to my wonderfull sisters and bridesmaids!) everything turned out perfect...The rest of the wedding day was wonderfull. The photographer is absolutely amazing (Ernesto), the ceremony went without a hitch, the reception was great (except for the waiters getting drunk by trying to put up a show, more annoying than anything) All in all we had a great wedding day!If you are looking to get married at this resort, you be the judge for yourself, after reading this review. Would I recommend this resort for a wedding? Absolutely not. I would not recommend this resort for any organized events. More than once, we felt like numbers...This resort is great for a couple alone who would like to spend a week to relax and enjoy the beach. But nothing that would involve dealing closely with the staff.

Beautiful Resort but Wouldn't Return My boyfriend and I visited the Bahia Principe September 2- September 9, 2005. This was our first trip to the Dominican Republic and our first time at an all-inclusive resort. We're both 27 years old and we booked through Apple Vacations. FLIGHT:Our charter flight through USA 3000 was excellent. Our flights left on time and arrived early! The planes were clean and obviously new with very nice flight crew.PUNTA CANA AIRPORT:The Punta Cana airport was easy to navigate and straightforward because it's so small. We followed the flow of people and easily found where to purchase the tourist card ($10 per person) and passed through immigration/customs. Our luggage was waiting on the carousel and then we checked in at the Apple desk to get our bus assignment. The bus from the airport was clean and well air conditioned. It took about 30 mins to get to the resort with no other stops.CHECK-IN:Check-in was quick and easy. We arrived at the resort at 10:45am and were in our room by about 11:30am. I didn't feel well from the flight and explained this to the front desk and they were luckily able to check us in early. I tipped the front desk $10 for accomodating our request.ROOM:We were in a first floor room with a king size bed in Villa 8. It was in the Club Golden Principe section and was a 5 min walk to the beach and main pool and about 10 mins to the lobby. The room was spacious and very clean. The king size bed was very comfortable and the bathroom was beautiful. We loved the tub and the air conditioning worked very well in the room. The maids were very good and granted requests in spanish (extra towels, pillows etc.) We tipped daily for their hard work. We rented the safe for $30 for the week.BUGS:Unfortunately we found many bugs in our room. We found mostly centipedes and smallish spiders and figured they were coming under the door. We solved this problem easily by blocking the gap between the door and the threshold with a towel. There were a few mosquitos around the resort and I was bit most frequently in the lobby area. The second night of the trip we returned from dinner to find a huge spider in our room. I wish I had got a picture but I didn't want to get too close!! The spider was approximately 4 inches in diameter and had the biggest legs. We trapped it under a trach can and called the front desk. They responded about 20 mins later and the employee disposed of it and searched the entire room as well as sprayed insecticide. The employee was great but he didn't speak English so brush up on your Spanish and bring along your Spanish dictionary.BEACH/POOLS:The beach was beautiful, nice white sand and clear water. The water was calm and swimmable while we were there. There was some seaweed in the water but it wasn't enough to bother us. There were many chairs and palapas...I'd save one around 8-8:30 each morning before breakfast. The resort wasn't very busy so finding shade wasn't hard. I loved the pools. They were large and nicely maintained. The pools closest to the beach are definitely busier with loud activities most of the day. As others have said the pools in the middle of the resort are somewhat quieter. Each pool has a swim-up bar. FOOD:This was our first all-inclusive experience and we were very disappointed with the food. We found the food to be of good quality but monotonous and not particularly good. The food was plentiful in the main buffet and we had breakfast there most days. We usually ate at one of the beach snack bars for lunch (Las Olas and Piscis), the main buffet and the specialty restaurants at night. The Mexican Restaurant was ok- I wouldn't recommend it. We enjoyed our meal at the Italian restaurant and the Garden Grill (bbq chicken was excellent but very small!) Overall we found the food to be ok- we didn't starve but I did lose four pounds during our week stay. It was disappointing to not look forward to meal times and by day 4 we were very sick of the food.SICKNESS:Overall I felt fine and didn't hear complaints from any other guests. My boyfriend experienced regular diarrhea which was unpleasant but with Immodium AD did not prevent him from enjoying the vacation. The resort is great at providing clean purified drinking water in your room and at the bars.SERVICE:We found service to be good to excellent and most employees were very helpful. They did not expect tips and did their best to communicate. LANGUAGE:Some employees speak some English but it was easier to communicate in Spanish. Look over some Spanish travel phrases and bring a small dictionary with you. TOURS:We did the Marinarium snorkeling trip. The bus picked us up at the resort at 12:45pm and it took about 30 mins to reach the boat. The tour was $72 US per person. It was a nice tour and included snorkeling with nurse sharks and Atlantic Rays, swimming in a natural pool, and the narrated boat cruise. The guide was excellent and she asked which languages everyone spoke at the beginning and everything was in English, Spanish, and French from then on. We arrived back at the resort at 6pm.ENTERTAINMENT:We watched portions of a few shows but didn't find them very interesting. There are activities on the beach and at the main pool for most of the day. We prefer reading and relaxing on the beach so we didn't participate in the activities.SHOPPING:As others have mentioned shopping at the resort is very pricey. Pack all of the things you might need or you'll have to pay the absurd resort prices. Souveniers were also surprisingly expensive in the Pueble Principe area. We did not make any purchases but I would try to barter if you see something you really like!SUMMARY:The Gran Bahia Principe is a beautiful resort with amazing facilities. Good food is an important part of vacationing for us and the lack of good choices was very disappointing, hence the low rating. My boyfriend's sickness also contributed to the low rating. He's traveled extensively in Europe and Mexico and has never had a problem like this. He consumed very little alcohol, no unpurified water, and washed his hands regularly. I'd be glad to answer questions or provide additional information for anyone considering this resort or travel to Punta Cana.

AWESOME Hotel our first night

Overpriced and tiny rooms The Kowloon is past it's use by date and needs a total refurbishment. It has traded on its location for too long and is not up to international standard. As mentioned by many others, rooms are too small to leave open a large suitcase as beds took up total space in room and very minimal cupboard space.Bathroom showing signs of deterioration around shower and toilet base. Internet very expensive; used it about four times for less than 15 mins each time and it cost nearly as much as fee for one month at home.Will choose another hotel next time.

Best ever stay at SF wharf Tuscan Inn entry

Nicely refurbished, very handy location The location is great, opposite London Bridge tube and 5 minutes walk from Borough High Street, where there's a great food market. Another five minutes and you reach the riverbank where there are loads of nice restaurants and the Tate Modern.My room was small but very smart, the bed was comfortable, and the shower was great. I liked the flat screen TV but wasn't impressed with the range of channels. Also, the room service breakfast was only average. There was an up to date Time Out London magazine in my room which I thought was a nice touch.There's a free fitness first gym on site which I thought was good. The reception staff were pleasant and courteous which isn't always the case in London, and there is a concierge to order taxis etc.I would stay here again but maybe skip the breakfast.

Brilliant value for money, thoroughly enjoyable stay I was sorely tempted to give the Hoxton 5/5 and for the we paid for our saturday night stay it really does deserve full marks. However, on the basis that most people will be paying more like to stay here I've only given it 4/5 (but if I could give it 4.5 I would!)I really like the location - it is edgy but shoreditch is really up and coming and there are loads of nice restaurants and bars close by. There are plenty of people around at night and because of that I felt as safe walking around as I do in any other area of London. It's also really convenient for the tube and you can jump on the northern / central lines and be anywhere else in central london in less than 15 mins.The rooms are small but really well laid out - a decent shower, aveda shampoo and pears soap, a fridge, corkscrew and free mineral water and mile all impressed me. And I enjoyed my pret breakfast too.The staff were great (which is not a given in london) and the reception and bar area is pretty spectacular. It was nice to head back to the hotel after a meal and relax with a couple of cocktails.The only down side for me was the noisy bin men (even on easter sunday!). There's probably not much the hotel can do about this but if I'd been staying for more than a couple of days I think it would have started to get pretty annoying. Overall brilliant value though and I'll definitely be returning.

very pleasant surprise what a very pleasant surprise. I was not expecting too much of this place and was very surprised by the room, it was large, and quiet with a coffee maker, microwave and fridge. The morning breakfast bar was a great with a good variety of items. Loved the make your own waffles which were very good, the only thing bad on the bar was the cheese (yuk!) didn't think cheese could taste yukky, lol. Great location, for driving to hollywood, but not a good location to walk to anywhere.

excellent location we stayed here between 30/06 to 6/07. we had a great time. the location was perfect, right in the heart of all the buzz and lights of times square, so if that is what you want then this is the place for you! staff were polite and friendly and answered and dealt with any queries we had straightwaway. 3 of us shared a room and it was really spacious with enough room for all our shopping and suitcases. the bathroom was great too.we used the free internet downstairs, you get 15 mins at a time and for us that was fine, the computers were always free and more than adequate to check emails etc from home. my only minor criticism would be the breakfast, normally i wouldnt bother with breakfast in hotels in NY and indeed we had some great ones at other places during our stay, but the one at the renaissance was not great at all - expensive even by hotel standards and the quality/quantity was below average.all in all a great place to stay for a short shopping/city break trip to new york. we would definitely stay there again!

Not recommended! I booked this hotel through Alpharooms.com after reading reviews on this site which all sounded quite good but after staying at this place I would not recommend this hotel to anyone with any kind of disabliity such as lymphoma, arthritus or heart trouble. The stairs were extremely steep and narrow and with no lift I was unable to get my case onto the second floor, fortunately I had help from another guest as no help was forthcoming from the staff. The room was very small and old fashioned with no safe or tea making facilities I couldn't wait to escape it! The shower was good but with no where to hang the shower head it was impossible to shower under. the door got stuck as soon as it was shut and it was hard to get out! The breakfast was a waste of time as we spent ages waiting for cups, knives etc no hot bacon and eggs or fresh croissants. I do not think that this hotel was very good value and will not be going back there .

Recommended... Overview: We loved the hotel, the room was comfortable and the location was very good. Pros; 1) Location was great. Just a five minute walk from the central station, tram stop just outside the front door. Easy to walk to all the major central amsterdam sites. 2) Its clean and comfortable. Cons: 1) No slippers and just one scratchy bathrobe in the room. 2) Crazy expensive for internet (it was 17 euros day?). Summary: Lots to do and see nearby. If you want to visit a coffeeshop I highly recommend Abraxis. It is like 1-2 blocks from the hotel. We did not try the restaurant - there were too many choices nearby.

NOISY Hotel This hotel caters mostly to large tourist groups of which are mostly high school college students. I was with a group so I had to stay at this hotel but our group was quiet. The walls are made of paper you can hear the people on either side of you as if they were in your room. Also you can hear everyone's shower, bathroom ,tv blow dryer. Some of our group on the second floor had high school kids running up down the hall, drinking sitting on the steps until 3AM the hotel management would not do anything about it so you could imagine what that was like with the paper walls. The next complaint was at the Breakfast Dinner that was included. I don't expect much from the meals which were OK, it was one rather chubby waiter that served you that smelled so bad it made your eyes water he was there each time.I would avoid this hotel at all costs. Don't let the vicinity to the sights fool you or how it looks from the outside. I have stayed here 2 times each time it was like this, including the same smelly waiter. If I go on this tour again I will get a different hotel. If you do have to stay here, bring earplugs!!!!

Okay hotel with Great location, will choose different hotel next time We stayed at the Diva from March 24-28, 2008. Upon arrival, I can see how this hotel would be easy for cab drivers or anyone to miss, as there is not a big sign at all. Check in went great, David, the front desk clerk was very nice and even offered us a hopon/hopoff tour of the city. We passed b/c I had already made arrangements for a city tour the next day. Our room was very small and had a strange almost metallic odor so we switched to a slightly bigger room that had a desk. We could still smell the odor a little but not as strong. I will say the bed was extremely comfy with nice down pillows and soft sheets.The pictures on the website definitely make the place look better. We also found that the computers in the business center and on the floors were extremely slow if they were working at all, which did not please my husband at all. The drink machine also took our money on 2 seperate occasions. The coffee in the morning on the 6th floor was delicious, but it would have been great to have a continental breakfast like the folks in the larger rooms on the diva 7th floor. The rooms are very, very minimalistic.Our room was facing Geary street, which made for a lot of noise every night, including the garbage trucks that came through at 5:30 or so. The location right near the trolley car and Union Square was hard to beat. It was an easy walk to the financial district, China town, and even the Ferry building. All in all, the hotel was just ok, the service was really good, but I will probably choose a different one next time I go to the City that has a little more ambiance and amenities.

What a deal! This Residence Inn (located at Ave. of Americas and 38th) was really a deal. As Marriott Rewards members we got a good rate and found it included a buffet breakfast and on weeknights, a small supper. It's a great location, handy to everything. Seemed to be almost new, non-smoking and very friendly. Can't say enough good things about this and would definitely stay here again.

Good hotel, great location, a little overpriced We stayed here in November of 2004 for 9 nights. We were on a tight budget, but wanted to be in the center.We booked this hotel directly from the hotel's website. We were very happy with this hotel's location--right in the center. Right next to the Cathedral, walking distance to the Gothic Quarter, Plaza Catalunya, las Ramblas, etc. The rooms were good, no complaints. The only complaint is that it turned out to be far more expensive than what we originally expected to pay for it. It just wasn't worth it. The hotel administration misled us into thinking that breakfast was included in the price of the hotel, since there were signs posted in the hotel lobby about where when breakfast is being served. We followed these instructions ate breakfast every day, without being told that this would cost extra. Not one of the hotel employees said a single word, warning us about this trick. When I asked them is breakfast being served, I obviously meant, is it included, they would answer yes when in reality, they should've said it will cost you extra at the end. The breakfast was good, I admit, but cost us 20 Euro per day for 2 people. This we found out at checkout. THis was very disappointing because for the price of 110 Euros per night we could've stayed at a better (perhaps 4 star) hotel, with breakfast being included as well. We have done a great deal of traveling around Europe, and breakfast has always been included, even if it was a small continental breakfast. We thought we were getting a bargain, to stay in the center in a budget hotel at 90 Euros per night. We were obviously wrong and very upset--this WAS a budget hotel, except for the price of a FOUR star hotel. It isn't pleasant to get this kind of a surprise on your vacation, especially when you're not expecting to pay this extra money. So, in retrospect, here is my advice: look around for a better quality hotel than this one (it's only a 3 star), find out if they will charge you for extra services, even if it seems logical that they should be included, and then decide if it's worth it. If I were to do it all over again, I would've rather stayed in a 4 star hotel for the same money. (Or if this one were 20-30 Euros cheaper).Good luck!

Fantastic! Our son chose this hotel for the out of town guests traveling to his wedding in Brooklyn. The guests occupied a total of 12 rooms. He could not have made a better choice for us! Everyone was thoroughly pleased with their accommodations. The rooms are extremely spacious, well appointed, and very clean. The beds, bed linens and pillows were so comfortable. It was great having a small sitting area with couch (which also opened up to a full size bed), wide screen tv, safe, small refrigerator, and coffee maker in the room. We were too busy to use the pool or fitness room, but several family members did and really enjoyed themselves. Both check-in and out went extremely fast and everyone at the front desk was extremely gracious and accommodating. In fact, everyone working at the hotel went out of their way to be friendly and helpful. Parking was simple and convenient, and we really appreciated not having to pay a fee every time we took the car in and out of the garage. Many of the guests took themselves on a walking tour of the neighborhood, over the Brooklyn Bridge, and to the wedding which was held at the nearby Brooklyn Historical Society. They all remarked at what a beautiful, safe area it was. The food at the hotel restaurant for lunch and breakfast was delicious and very reasonably priced. There were no complaints from any of the folks that traveled with us about anything! Now that we have found this beautiful gem of a place in Brooklyn, we will definitely stay here when visiting the city as it is an easy subway ride away from the bright lights and big city!

Great Family Vacation The resort

Comfortable beds! We stayed here for 3 nights and were very pleased with the size of our rooms, nice clean comfortable beds and pillows. The beds are typical of those in Europe - 2 single beds pushed together. This not only gives a nice large bed, it also means you don't have to fight for the duvet as you get one each. We'd booked the deluxe rooms and they were a reasonable size, at the back of the building and were very quiet. The bathroom was a good size too. The rooms were clean, but the housekeeping after that was not very good. We had to ask every day for extra tea/coffee etc as the amounts left in the room were very frugal, especially as the weather was so cold (we had snow) and wanted to warm up with hot drinks. We were only given one robe and no slippers. We requested them at reception twice, but they never appeared - very frustrating when you've paid for a deluxe room! On the Sunday we had a picnic breakfast in the room with our friends (not too many places open for breakfast on a Sunday in November, breakfast at the hotel is extremely expensive) so there were quite a few crumbs on the floor. They were still there after the room had been serviced (even this was not done till 5.00pm).The concierge was very helpful and attentive.The hotel is well placed for exploring both the canals and the architecture. We had lots of long walks, even in the snow. There are plenty of very good places to eat, or sit and have a drink and watch the world go by.We'd still stay at the hotel again, as everything apart from housekeeping was good.

Perfect Location Rainbow from our room

Had a Ball Okay, so this is probably the best location you could wish for. Right by the wharf, next door to the Trolley Turn Around, across the street from the Buena Vista... what else could you ask for? How about one of the best hotel experiences we have ever had?? This place is wonderful. We arrived and upgraded our room to a suite. Mind you this is a HUGE hotel when it comes to finding your room. The halls are long but well lit and beautifully decorated. We arrive at our suite and you feel like you are walking into a home. 8 place dining table, flat screen TV (2 of them) DVD player, living room group, then off to the bedroom... here was this awesome king bed (totally did not want to get out the next morning), the most spectacular furnishings and in the closet are two leopard print bathrobes (kind of funny actually)! The bathroom had marble counters and floor and a Jacuzzi tub that fit two people easily. The employees of the hotel went out of their way to help us find excellent dining choices and were so unexpected. Large cities are not known for the hotel staff going out of their way unless they have their hand out! Have traveled a lot and seen many sights and this was a great place. Mind you that it is only 4 levels, and the wharf can be a noisy place so it is not like staying in the country but alas that is part of its charm. We have told everyone about this lovely place!

Avoid if Possible What a poor excuse for an upscale hotel. I stayed here for five nights in April attending a conferenceand occupied two different rooms. Here's my experience:--long check-in lines--no offer of help with luggage--unhelpful front desk staff--small cramped rooms--sagging mattresses! even in the new tower rooms --poor housekeeping (mold and hair in bathroom)--nearby mall only has half the stores open and limited food court--$12 cab ride to French QuarterThe positive was that it was nice to be on the river and be able to walk along it. In the daytime, you could walk (20+ minutes) or take the trolley to the French Quarter. This was really nice because of the outdoor music festival. Normally I do not think it would be a big consideration.The conference itself seemed to go smoothly. Cookies were good and soda replenished frequently. Public spaces were attractive in a generic convention hotel way.My colleagues ate in the sports bar and did not like their food. Room service breakfast for two was good if expensive ($80 for french toast, bacon, omelet and extra large tea pot)Pillows were good and the hotel did provide bed board on request but the mattress still sagged so much I woke up stiff. I have never had this experience at any other hotel including some much less expensive than this one. It was really shocking how poor the mattress was.Given the other better choices in New Orleans I cannot imagine anyone choosing to stay here voluntarily.If you have to stay here for a conference, book WAY ahead of time and reserve a tower king bed room (larger than other) with direct river view.

Too stylish Bathroom

Saren Indah an oasis have stayed at this little oasis many times now and it is a wonderful little piece of paradise.Rice paddies around it and lush foliage make it a haven of restful tranquility.Clean rooms,lovely pool pleasant staff.Couldn,t fault it.

Wonderful hotel! We have stayed in several 4 or 5 star hotels in Berlin, and this is our new favorite one. The hotel is in a great location close to Potsdamer Platz. The neighborhood is a bit quieter than many central locations and we felt safe parking the car on the street at night. The hotel itself is, of course, very colorful! This is done in a stylish way that makes you smile in appreciation. I liked the little details like the quotes painted on the walls and the inlaid flower designs in the hall carpets. The staff was always very helpful and friendly. Breakfast was excellent, especially that yogurt and marmelade. We had a familly room with an extra bed for our little boy. There was a lot of space there with a very high ceiling. The bathroom was certainly large enough and stylish like the rest of the hotel. The air conditioning issue was a bit annoying, even in early October, as it didn't work so well and things got stuffy. We tried opening the window -- our window faced the inner courtyard, which is generally the quieter place to be -- but then we could hear breakfast being set-up downstairs through the courtyard's glass ceiling at 3:30 a.m.There was no pool, but there's a great-looking swim complex a street away. We didn't get there but would have liked to. There was just so much else to do! So definitely stay here at this lovely hotel, at least from mid-October till it gets warm in the summer!

Go, relax and have a great time!!! We just spent a fabulous week April 30th - May 7th at the Melia Caribe with our 2 children ages 19 22. It was their first trip to a hot resort so we wanted to make sure it was a memorable experience for all of us. My husband and I have been to 5 star resorts in the Bahama's and Costa Rica. We booked our trip through Marlin Travel who highly recommended this location from feedback from other clients who had attended. We were not disappointed. This place is absolutely gorgeous! The gardeners take very good care of the grounds. We saw flamingo's walking in one of the ponds near the Tropical lobby. There are Peacock's strutting their stuff on the grounds and at the beach. Air Travel: Air Transat Toronto Departure 6:15 a.m. Punta Cana Departure 8:00 p.m. On time both ways (Half hour early on departure day)Punta Cana Airport: Please have some patience. Everyone wants to get to their resort and start their vacation. Three flights came in at the same time and they were doing their best to get everyone through.We heard some unnecessary grumblings from some travellers. Make sure you have all your paperwork completed and ready to present.Check-In: We got to the resort about 11:30 a.m. and our rooms were not yet available. Check out time is 12 noon. They just asked that we hand them our reservation forms and gave us our wrist bands and pool towel cards, suggested we go enjoy lunch and a few drinks and asked us to come back around 3 for our rooms. Luggage was being watched by bell boys. Change room was available for those who didn'talready have their summer gear already on. Sol Mei: Watch for the guys in the white shirts. They're reps for the Sol Mei Time Share. If you're not intertested. be stern and tell them. They leave you alone once you start getting some colour on your skin and they look for the newbies.Beach: The beach is absolutely gorgeous - beautiful white sand. Yes, there's seaweed and if you go out early enough you'll notice the workers do rake it up early in the day. They can't control what comesin through out the day. If you go for a walk along the beach, you'll be approached by vendors trying to sell their souvenirs. They're all very friendly... some can be pushy! There are lots of beach chairs available; some of the cabana chairs are taken early in the day. Oh yes, lots of topless sunbathers!!! When in the Dominican, do as the rest of the tourists do!Pool: Beautiful!! We hung out mostly by the pool. Some topless bathers there as well. If you have a favourite spot you want reserved then you need to get out early in the morning to reserve your spot. Please don't reserve if you don't intend to use it. We were beside reserved chairs and the people didn't come for 4 - 5 hours. That's not fair. Food: Lots to choose from. Breakfast and Lunch is buffet and there'sa great selection of foods to keep everyone happy. The a la carte restaurants are fabulous! We enjoyed the American Grill, La Hacienda, La Gondola, Hokkaido, El Guarapo and Ma Maison. My son is a picky eater and he found things to eat at all the restaurants. Service was A+ at most restaurants, a little slower at others, but I'm on vacation, so who cares! Reservations are fairly easy to get providing you're not too picky as to when you eat. Seating is reserved until 2 p.m. for the Royal Service group and then opened up to the resort public. If you call shortly after 2, you can pretty well get in at any time any where. If you wait longer, you'll probably get a reservation at 9:45 p.m. which actually isn't too bad. Just have a late lunch and a little siesta before you go to supper!! We closed Ma Maison one night and ended up dancing with the waiters and having a heck of a great time. Hokkaido is a Japanese restaurant where the chef cooks in front of you. Originally our kids didn't think they would be joining us b/c they were gone on a tour. They did get back on time but we couldn't get them in with us b/c its a group seating of 12 per table. We tried giving the hostess some money but she wouldn't accept it. There truly was no room at the table. So money doesn't always talk as some have previously mentioned. Men, please make sure you bring dress shorts or long pants and you definately need closed shoes. Sandals not acceptable for men.Bars: There's a drink waiting for you pretty well anywhere you goon the resort. Lots to choose from! Premium brands are available. Local beer is Presidente and its actually not too bad. Again, have a little patience. Some people are ordering drinks for their group and it takes a little longer for the bartender to make them all. Tipping the bartender once in a while does go a long way. Rooms: We stayed in complex # 33 which was close to the pool, beach and El Turey Grill (Main buffet snacks). It was a fair walk from the Main Lobby and where the A La Carte restaurants were. The rooms were clean and spacious. We had a King bed and the kids had two double beds. At first they booked us in separate villa's but were good enough to find a villa that could accomodate two rooms. Our maid did a great job and if we needed anything we just left a note and she would have it available (other than liquor or beer). Only water and pop is available in the fridge. There's a coffee maker in the room, iron ironing board, and hairdryer. Tipping: Bring lots of $1.US or $5. US for tipping! They really do appreciate it. A lot of these waiters /bartenders work at different area's of the resort and they do recognize the tippers and go the extra mile for them. Tipping the maid also goes a long way.Golfing: Free?? golf is included at the Melia. My husband and son went out 3 times and did 18 holes. They brought their own clubs. For $5.00 per person you can leave your clubs at the resort for the week. They booked their requested tee time's for 7:20 a.m. before we got to the resort. It was highly recommended they confirm their times with the Cocotal Golf and Country Club once we got in Punta Cana in case their requested tee times were lost. Cart is mandatory.Make sure you pick up coupons at Guest Services so you're only paying $35.00 PER PERSON for your cart instead of $70.00. The course is gorgeous. Bring lots of balls as they're expensive to buy. It gets very hot in the morning so the earlier you can get a tee time, the better. The only disadvantage is if you want to eat before you go golfing, there's basically only coffee and cereal available that early in the morning. Bring some granola bars from home if necessary.Day Trips: As it was probably our last family vacation together we wanted to get out and do some things. We did the Bavaro Runners, Marinarium, Quad (4 X 4) and Horseback riding.Bavaro Runners is more of a cultural tour than a party tour. So if you're looking for a big party, don't go. There are a lot of children expecting gifts to be handed out. We stopped at a school and gave some gifts and also were told when we could throw gifts to kids at the side of the road. The kids did the Marinarium sunset tour and had a blast. My daughter went horseback riding and really enjoyed it as the tour took her along the countryside and galloping along the beach. Our favourite was the Quad tour. If you can afford it, rent a 4 x 4 for every rider. Wear clothing that you can throw out afterwards. It's recommended to wear runners but you don't need to. Again, wear footwear you can throw out. We went through back roads that had puddles all over the place. We went through those puddles and splashed anyone riding in site. Hence taking Malaria pills!!! We road along a beach and were able to stop and walk into the water with everything we had on to rinse off. There's a camera man taking a video of the trip. It's only $35.00 and its a great 20 minute recap of the ride. They drop it off at your hotel the next day. With all the tours, they stop at a few souvenir spots so bring lots of money if you want to buy souvenirs. If you're bringing gifts for children, I would recommend saving some for all your tours b/c there are always children around that would like to get something. We didn't think of bringing gifts on our Quad tour so I gave some of the young children $1.00 U.S. and it definately brightened their faces.Gift idea's: The dollar store is a great place to stock up!Stickers, books, colouring books, crayons, balls, frisbee's, hair gizmo's, bubbles, skipping ropes, rulers, candy, gum, etc. Check Out: Check out time is 12 noon. Our flight didn't leave until 8:00 p.m. and the bus wasn't taking us back to the airport until 4:30 so the resort extended our rooms until 2 p.m. at no charge. You have to ask at the front desk. So we were able to enjoy another great day of sunshine at the resort, check out and have a late lunch.We had a terrific week. We met some really great friends that we hope to keep in touch with. Melia Caribe Tropical is a huge resort. You can walk from the back of the resort to the main lobby at the front in about 15 minutes. There is a train that goes around to pick up people at specific spots. After all the food you eat, the walk won't hurt! It's not too bad walking in heals, but if you're feet are getting sore, what the heck, take your shoes off. Our only regret is somehow we lost our pictures from Sunday to Thursday from the memory card. Too bad, we had some great picutres. We heard some people complaining about their stay but these were the same people complaining if they didn't get their drink from the bartender the moment they walked to the bar. My advice.... relax! You're on vacation with hundreds of others. You'll be back in the rat race soon enough. We will definately go back again to the Melia Caribe. My son is already planning a trip with his friends to go back next year!! Enjoy!!!

Fantastic hotel View from our room

aqua waikiki wave - great hotel Stayed at the Waikiki Wave from 18 May till 13 June 2007. Normally stayed at the Prince Kuhio but since it was bought over by the Hilton chain it has overpriced itself. Found this hotel on the internet which had went through a major refurbishment and reckoned this was the best time to try it out. This proved to be a wise decision as we found this little gem of a hotel just like our second home - this was mainly due to the excellent staff that is employed here - we have never been in a hotel that made us so welcome as the staff - they are ambassadors for the AWW. Special thanks to Josh at reception who always made our day with his lovely smile. Malia who was based at the activities desk and was always so helpful. The guys at the front door were always helpful with their knowledge of the surrounding areas. Finally our maid Julie who always kept our room spick and span and welcomed you with her cheery personality. Well done to the manager who interviewed and took on all of the staff as everyone was a pleasure to talk to.The room is big with 2 queen beds and has flat screen tv, microwave, fridge, hairdryer, ironing board iron. The hotel is sited in the heart of Waikiki and you will experience some noise from the local night clubs. The beds are a dream and if I could buy one in Scotland I would have one the same in my home.Overall our stay was brilliant and we would definitely come back and stay in AWW despite the noise.Only negative comments were it was not much of a pool but we were informed that a new pool is on the cards which would be great for future visits.

great hotel with friendly staff Great hotel - very clean with nice big comfy beds. On arrival given juice and biscuits. Complimentary breakfast included which offers excellent choice. Very nice staff.Nice restaurant within hotel Joe Maria's offering anything from sandwiches to steaks etc. The only negative point is it is a bit far out of Boston.

great location We stayed in this hotel for a week and found it to be in a great location for sightseeing. It is in a very quiet street 5 minutes walk from Notre Dame. The room we had was small but had a comfortable bed, lcd cable T.V., fridge and bathroom. I would have prefered a suite but they were booked. Noise could be heard sometimes from other rooms but did not keep us awake. The staff were great, very friendly, helpful and spoke good english. I would recommend this hotel as good value for your trip to Paris.

lovely little hotel We stayed in this lovely little hotel for 2 nights in June. It is in a central location and the staff were very friendly. We had a back room with a balcony which was very quiet.

Simply the best! What can we say that hasn't been said already!Hotel Casci rates as one of the best hotels we have stayed in. It was extremely easy to get to from the stationand even with luggage was only a 15 minute walk. As for sightseeing everything is on the doorstep.Our room was large, spotlessly clean and considering the situation of the hotel quiet (we'd asked for a quiet room) and we got it! Our bathroom was good and we had the bath, although it did take time to fill, so we just showered. The linen was changed regularly too. Breakfast was more than adequate and to get freshly boiled eggs rather than just hard boiled was lovely, as were the beautiful cakes which appeared each morning.Every member of the team we came into contact with was friendly, smiling, efficient and exceedingly helpful. Nothing was too much trouble from the time we made our initial reservation to the moment we departed. When they realised it was my husbands birthday, he was presented with a bottle of wine, which was a lovely surprise.This holiday was to be special because of this birthday and the the Hotel Casci certainly made our stay very very memorable.

Wonderful Vacation It's taken a long time to write my review.... only for lack of time. So, short and sweet.... it just doesn't get any better. We are a mid 40's couple that went to the Majestic the first week of August '06 and had a wonderful time, met great people (both employees of the resort and vacationers like us), and would go back in a heartbeat!

Okay but... Rooms were small (even double booked for 1 person), but clean and adequately furnished and the morning English language paper was nice BUT ALL TV (EVEN CNN AND BBC) was presented in Japanese.The location was extremely convenient.

10 out of 10 My wife and I recently returned from a wonderful stay at Anantara, Seminyak in Bali . It was our honeymoon and the entire experience at the resort was nothing but positive. Check in was easy, courteous and relaxing. The staff in the entire resort are very friendly and courteous. The resort is located on the beach and our room had an amazing view of the beach and ocean. When we entered the room we just about fell over. It was huge. Marble everywhere on the walls and floor, a true suite with a living room, enormous bathroom and a giant comfy bed with a view of the ocean even from the toilet! There is a Jacuzzi outside on the balcony so you can lounge in your tub and watch the sunset.The resort had its own yoga master in house which was really great for us as we have always wanted to try yoga. We took two yoga classes right on the beach with him and loved it. A great way to start the day. The breakfast is really nice, with a huge selection of fresh things, fruit, breads and cold cuts. They make and cappuccinos for you and have fresh squeezed juice. They also bring you hot food like omelets and waffles. At night they have a Thai restaurant and the food was really superb and not badly priced for the quality. We did eat out two nights near the hotel but the food was not very good compared to the resort. There is an amazing sun set bar on the rooftop with giant lounge style seats to watch the sunset. We went up there almost every night to watch the sunset and visit with other guests. The resort also has its own spa where we each had a couples massage together. The room was very relaxing and the therapists were excellent. It was our first Balinese massage and I would highly recommend trying one. I give this resort a 10 out of 10 and we will be back again next year for sure!

Excellent hotel! We (my husband and I) just returned from the IC On Nov. 20th from a 7 day stay and I can truly say everything was wonderful. The staff are exceptional and the hotel is kept up morning, noon and night. I would recommend this hotel to anyone interested in staying in a affordable, beautiful hotel right on the beach with anything u could possibly ask for. Rooms are large with a balcony and the grounds are the cleanest I've encountered any where. The Italian restaurant Passagio is fantastic. They have two other restaurants also a Ruth Chris' steak house and a japenese steakhouse. All I can say is that if you stay in the Intercontinental you will not be disappointed, we weren't!

Great stay at the Palomar Stayed here for five nights, excellent food and service. A meal in the resaurant is a must and the breakfasts are good, but expensive. Lovely quiet room at the back, no view to speak of but didn't need it as the hotels central location means that more time is spent outside the room than inside! Could not fault this hotel, a perfect place to start a holiday in California.

Don't Hesitate to Stay Here! Hotel Facade

It's all about the view Our third trip to Waikiki; husband insistent on a balcony and a view. Discounted the posh places, and booked 6 nights here and were not disappointed. Decor is very Hawaiian and very pink, but we're not at home are we. The room was spacious (2 queen beds); bathroom a bit small and dated, but adequate. The balcony was large enough to have breakfast, or a bottle of wine and watch the surfers across the road, or the sunset over the beach. We were on the 17th floor overlooking the beach.The Breakfast on the Beach concept is a good one; you can usually find something to get you started (juice, cereal, fruit, yoghurt, pastries, 2 hot offerings, tea and coffee). The best part is that it is included in the price of the room. The hotel has lots of families, so it's best to take your breakfast to the beach or your room as the pool area at breakfast time can get a bit crowded. The location is great, close to everything; lots of buses and trolleys close by.

Newly renovated 'It's safe to go back' My travel companion and I had begun staying at The Muse when it opened. Over the years, the rooms and hallways had become drab and worn so we found other accomodations in NYC. After reading that they had renovated the rooms, I decided to give it another try. I was pleasantly surprised at the quality of the renovation. My guest room was bright, cheery and fairly elegant. The decor is somewhat neo-classic and modern. The only drawback for TV watchers (I am not one) was the lack of HD on the flat screen TV's. They have a note in the room that indicates they are working on getting HD into the rooms. Also, I did notice construction noise while I was dining in the restaurant in the morning but did not hear any construction noise while I was in my room. There are 2 banks of elevators in the hotel so the rooms are separated in two different areas. I stayed in one of the smaller rooms (queen bed) so you may want to check the room layouts prior to booking. There is a bar and an adjoining restaurant and the hotel is conveniently located in the Times Square area and the price seemed fair when compared to other hotels in the area.

Clean, comfortable and recently renovated The hotel staff (reservations, check in and valet) was very friendly and accomodating. The hotel has recently been renovated, and the room and bath were spotlessly clean. The hotel has a contemporary feel. You can walk directly to the airport terminal very easily. Hotel sheets were not scratchy and the bed was comfortable. We had gotten stranded in the airport without toothbrushes, etc. and the hotel provided a small emergency kit at no charge. I would definitely stay here again....one of the nices airport hotels I have ever visited.

Brilliant Hotel,great location My boyfriend and i stayed in here in july 08 for three days, we were more than pleasantly surprised when we arrived at the hotel. The building is an old elegant building with a lot of original character but with modern furnishings. Reception staff were very helpful and gave us maps and other useful information on tours and attractions. We wern't disappointed with the rooms either, dark wooden flooring, neutral decor, modern furnishings. The room was lovely, and very clean, beds were comfortable. We were lucky to have a room over the main street with french opening doors and a small balcony. Bathroom was nice with a good shower.Location was a big plus just a five min walk to las rambas and many places to eat and drink. Central location to all major sights and designer shopping!! Hotel is a 2min walk to le courte englais which is a large department store, which outside you can get the airport bus to the airport for 4.10 euros which takes about 35 mins, the buses come every 5mins.I would recommend this hotel, it was fantastic.

excellent hotel in good location We enjoyed our stay at the Metropark and will definitely stay there on our next visit. The rooms were a good size and very fresh and modern. We only had breakfast in the hotel but no complaints there. You had a choice of a la carte or buffet. The staff were very friendly. It was ideally situated near the MTR with a road crossing right outside the door. Anyone who knows Hong Kong will know what a boon that is as sometimes you have to walk a long way just to cross the road. All in all a very good place to stay whether on business or pleasure

Beware of Unauthorized Pre-Payments! sink outside of the bathroom

Great location, rooms on small side The location is great minutes from Las Ramblas. I found the staff polite and helpful. Good buffet breakfast. Rooms clean but the single room I had was very small with only a small window, but given the hotel's city location not that unusual. Plumbing was interesting, though I did have plenty of hot water. Would stay again purely due to location.

wonderful hotel, would definitely stay there again This hotel is located on the first floor of a building on Ku'Damm. I was a single room, room 22, which faced the courtyard. The room was quiet and comfortable and quite large for a single room (it is always nice to have an armchair as well as the single bed). the bathroom was massive with bath. As metioned in the other reviews the easiest way to reach this hotel is probably the 109 which runs from Tegel airport to the Zoo via Ku'Damm. The 109 also saves the 15 min walk from the Zoo station at the end of a long day of sight seeing. The staff were very helpful and friendly. The breakfast was very good a good spread of all the usually continental breakfast fare plus a boiled egg.

A lovely hotel - great stay A very good hotel excellent service, great room and convenient location. I had booked a single room but had a lovely large room with king size bed. The staff were polite and helpful. An excellent breakfast spread including cooked breakfast. Nice lounge and bar area. With walking distance of the Prado (and other museums) and the Royal Palace, near Sol metro station which makes it very easy if you wish to go further afield.

Great location, nice hotel This hotel has a great location, not far from Las Ramblas, stops for the hop on hop off tourist bus. I had a single room which is not the largest room that I have ever had or however the smallest and was quite adequate. The room was very clean and well decorated, with adequate wardrobing. The bathroom was massive, with a good shower. As mentioned in one of the earlier reviews the door to the bathroom is frosted glass which is obviously no problem if you are single traveller. The room had a minibar with reasonable-ish prices (2,50 Euros for a San Miguel). I had a room on the 5th floor towards the rear of the building which was very quiet. I did not use the restaurant but the menu looked good. The reception staff where friendly and helpful. The air conditioning was good and could be easily switched on and off as required. On Barcelona generally I would recommend the hop on/hop off bus particularly a two day ticket. I would also recommend taking the guided tour at Sagrada Familia, English tour at 11am.

Excellent location - lovely staff This hotel has an excellent location only a short walk from the Louvre and the Opera House. The staff in the hotel spoke excellent English and were very helpful and friendly, The room was tastefully decorated and furnished and very clean. The bathroom was in excellent condition and had a bath. The room I had (24) was quiet even though it was next to the lift. The room has a mini bar which is always useful. I would definitely use this hotel again and recommend to friends.

Great stay at the Donatello The Donatello is a great hotel right in the middle of things in San Francisco. You can walk to shopping, restaurants, etc. The hotel staff was wonderful!! From the valets, to the maids, to the Front Desk staff, we found them to be quite helpful and knowledgeable.The room was quite large and comfortable. There is a great Club Room upstairs with a large fireplace where you can sit and watch TV if you want to get out of your hotel room for a while, but we spent most of our time seeing all the sites around San Francisco. Lots to see there.

Nice common area, rooms a bit small The location was great, right in Condado and within walking distance of everything. The common areas of the hotel were very nice, pretty good breakfast in the morning and good coffee. My only complaint is that the rooms (at least the one we were in) were very small. They were still nice inside however. Take advantage of the awesome community spaces, pools and spa.

Stylish but some irks Based on the pictures and reviews here Flemings looked like a fun little hotel, and it was, but not quite hassel free. Positive details:-sleek and chic decor. Modern clean dark woods with sleek lighting and clean linens. Glass shower and vanity/sink area were a stylish and innovative way to make use of a small area and make it appear more spacious.-free wireless internet. slow connection but most hotels I've stayed at charge $10+ per day to use. -large double bed was a single mattress instead of the usual two smaller mattressed pushed together that seem so common in european hotels. The mattress was adequate, but I prefer a more dense bed.-it was raining during our stay and the hotels offered free daily use of an umbrella. small detail that was very thoughtful and useful.-location is close to the Hauptbahnhof, but area felt secure. Our room faced an inside street so noise wasn't an issue and we slept with the window open. -In house bistro was delicious but expensive ($90 without drinks for fairly routine fare). Seems they have an accompanying deli that has a great selection of raw milk cheeses and cured meats and salads for togo orders.Needs improvement:-some minor and not so minor details with the bathroom area. Minor issue with the toilet room door not locking, door shuts okay but the lock doesn't function. Bigger issue, the shower doesnt seem to drain fast enough and water leaked out all over the bathroom area floor. We had to use all the available towels to soak up the leaking water and also had to wait a few minutes after showering to open door due to not wanting to unleash a flood of water. -In the toilet room there was what appeared to be a tiny smear of dried blood on the wall near the paper dispenser. Normally this would disgust me to the point I'd switch rooms, but for some reason it didn't affect me any more than I felt that housekeeping should pay attention more to details. It was a really small, but obvious stain.-like all hotels it seems, the glasses provided in the room did not appear clean. Mostly dusty or spotty, but one had dried brown fluid.Overall the hotel was comfortable and fun, I'd stay there again despite the few notable drawbacks, but only because the problems seem easily fixed and also fairly common in the hotel industry so they annoy me, but are tolerable.

Precisely as expected. This is a great budget hotel in a nice neighborhood in Seattle. I was hoping for somewhere clean, safe, and in a good location for seeing Seattle. I believe it fufilled all those requirements. What it is NOT is a luxury hotel. The rooms are plain, but pleasant and tidy. They provide free bottled water in the mini fridge, along with microwave popcorn, and starbucks coffee. They have basic cable tv, no pay-per-view options but a VCR (! uhm, how about a DVD player instead?) The beds are adequate but strangely hollow feeling, very springy. Still comfortable though. The bathroom is spacious and clean, though the tub is kind of on the small side and the shower water pressure isn't strong like I prefer. The bathroom has a large framed mirror, but it would have been nice to have a full length mirror available in the room. One noticible drawback is that it was a little bit noisy. We kept checking the windows because it sounded like one of them was open due to the audible traffic noises outside.Staff is friendly and helpful. They have laundry facilities along with several vending machines for snacks and beverages. They also offer a free 24hour workout room that was very nice to have access to. (treadmill, stationary bike, elliptical machine, weight machine, they provide towels, apples, fans, and a small tv.) There is a nearby 24hr grocery store, Dick's hamburgers across the street for late night munchies (open until 2am) and really delicious pizza by the slice at Pagliacci's one block down. Seattle Center (space needle, science center!) and Key Arena are both just a very short walk away. The Mediterranean is : Clean, convenient, and friendly.The Mediterranean is not: fancy or quiet.I would recommend it for family or budget travellers, not so much for business or romantic trips.

Great Locationand Great Value I stayed at Hotel Plaza Mayor from 6/26/08 to 6/29/08. What a location! When you step out of the hotel, you are at the entrance to Plaza Mayor. I thought the hotel location was very convenient for my sightseeing. The hotel staff was very friendly and extremely helpful. The buffet style breakfast was good. The room and bathroom were clean and efficient. A/C in the room worked fine and helped me a lot in that hot weather. My overall experience at this hotel was excellent for such a low room rate! The only thing I would like to see improved is a cover for the bed. The blanket I used to sleep looked somewhat old. If the hotel put some cover for that kind of blanket, the impression would have been much better. My room faced the road Atocha and the noise from the traffic was quite loud. Next time I would ask for a room in the back.

Loved EVERYTHING about Hotel Pulitzer Breakfast buffet

Excellent for the price! Very clean hotel for a decent price. We paid $89 USD for a room with two beds and a balcony overlooking the Ala Wai Canal. RElatively roomy, well lit. Had a computer room where internet access was available and it was free to use. Nice little restaurant downstairs that served decent food and drinks and it wasn't very expensive either! There was also a little booth that sold some japanese food...also not expensive. All in all, i would definitley stay there again!

Great Location The hotel is right in the centre, opposite the Parque de Bombas and the park. The location could not be better. The hotel itself is fine, with large rooms and good bathrooms. Unfortunately the breakfast buffet on the rooftop was located on the terrace during our stay, as the rooftop was being renovated. The breakfast itself is abysmal and to add insult to injury someone had left a box marked tips on the buffet! I'm not sure who the tips were supposed to be for as there was no member of staff in sight on the one day we breakfasted there. There are a couple of decent cafes within 5 minutes walking distance where you can get a cooked breakfast for under $5 for 2 people. Apart from this we had no complaints. We only stayed 3 nights and ate at Mark's at the Melia once. The food was good though not cheap. All in all I would recommend the Melia as a good place to stay for sightseeing in Ponce.

Very Nice We were surprised by how nice this Comfort Inn was. Very conveniently situated in the Condado district, within walking distance of some good restaurants. The room was fine - large enough and clean. The bathroom was certainly adequate for 3 nights stay. Top marks to Juan on Reception who was not only pleasant and friendly, but also knowledgeable about San Juan. We asked plenty of questions and he always knew the answer!We did not hire a car until we left San Juan, but there appeared to be adequate off street parking right in front of the hotel and a taxi rank just outside. I would definitely stay there again without a second thought.

Good Hotel This is a good hotel in a great location. The hotel itself is fine, good rooms, all very clean and pleasant. Staff are friendly and efficient. The concierge was helpful in booking tours, providing a map etc. The restaurant (ground floor) has acceptable food, if a limited menu. The buffet is ok but you'd get tired of it pretty quickly. We didn't use the restaurant upstairs. However, it is not necessary to eat at the hotel as it is well-placed for several shopping malls with food halls and also the Riverside Walk (about 10 minutes stroDll away) with all of its dining choices. Several other hotels, including Raffles, are also within easy walking distance.Our only complaint would be the price of internet access. In the room it was 28 SD for 24 hours plug-in connection (over 10 sterling, 20 USD) and in the public area 12 SD (over 4 sterling, 8 US) for one hour, and this you have to purchase hour by hour - no avoiding the cutoff! Bearing in mind that 5 minutes walk away you can use an internet cafe for 3 SD an hour (uninterrrupted) the hotel charges feel like a rip-off.Overall I would definitely recommend Plaza Park, but avoid using the internet access until they drop the charges!

Disappointing Check in desk is in a corridor. We had to move out of the way 3 times to let other guests/staff members in and out of the hotel. After check-in we battled our way through the potted jungle (difficult to pass down the passageway without getting your eye poked by palm fronds) to our room. There was a long black hair in the sink, the bathroom door would not latch shut. Having been told that this was a quiet hotel, we were not pleased to have somebody above our room seemingly moving furniture about and a bunch of people well within hearing distance having conversations until well after 11.30pm. The next day we went out and about, returning to our room after 2.00pm to find that the room had not been serviced. The maid finally came at 3.00pm in the middle of our siesta! The third day when we returned to our room we found that the furniture, and all of our possessions, had been moved around the room and the bedside lights had been changed, one of the old ones being left outside the door. As this was our last day it surely would have made better sense to wait 24 hours until we had checked out? Breakfast buffet was ok but not brilliant. On the 2 occasions we requested a taxi/cab one came promptly.On our last visit to San Juan we stayed at the Comfort Inn a few streets away. This was just as conveniently located and was definitely better value for money. If we return to San Juan in the future we will stay at the Comfort Inn.

Not what I expected from a 5 star hotel Yes, this hotel is close to the Central Train Station and traveling by train from the airport and around the city is great from this hotel. There is, however, construction being done around the station making some detours necessary.This hotel is appointed very nicely and the bathroom is much larger than most European hotels. The bath amenities far outweigh most hotels in Europe and the states, but not having working air-conditioning available in a 5 star hotel even if it is April 27th is not acceptable when one pays such a high price. Even opening the one window gave very little relief since our room faced a courtyard.I had better service at a three star hotel a few days later. Even the free breakfast did not match up to any of the other hotels I stayed in during my month stay in Europe. We were very disappointed and would not stay at this hotel again. The price was just not worth the value! I don't care how many bath amenities were given, they are not worth a/c and a good night's sleep.

What at great location. This is our second time back to the Hotel Relais Bosquet thanks to Rick Steves. It is a little scarey to walk around the area and see Rick Steves' Paris travel guide in most everyone's hand.However, he is right; the location is great. You can walk to either corner to get great pastry to eat in your room with the coffee provided or just walk to the Rue Cler and eat breakfast while the market is set up. You have an ATM across the street and a small grocery a few doors down. If you stay long enough to need clean clothes, you don't have far to walk to a clean laundromat. No one can complain about the size of the bathrooms which are larger than most we have encountered in Europe. We had a smaller room this time, but still facing the courtyard which keeps the street noise to a minimum. Fredricka scheduled a shuttle for the two of us from CDG to the hotel for 36E which isn't as cheap as the metro, but with luggage, it is considerably easier. Oh, you internet geeks, like my husband, they now have WiFi in the rooms. They also have a computer in the lobby for free use if you need to check your e-mail. This place has the basics and is close to everything. No doubt we would go back again.

Perfect locatin for exploring the city Stayed at the Tuscan Inn over the Fourth of July weekend after using Priceline before Christmas to book a room (although I didn't actually think I would get one for only $75/nt over a holiday weekend!).Check in was quick and my boyfriend and I were given a queen room on the fourth floor facing the street. My boyfriend's first response was wow, this is a tiny room, but it was what I was expecting considering the location and that this is only a 3-star property. It was in fact a small room (a King size bed would not have fit) with a tiny closet and 2 drawers for storing clothes. Good thing we only packed carry on luggage and didn't have much to put away!The room was always clean and the maid staff was friendly, saying hello and have a nice day as you passed. We were frequently in and out of the room to change clothes or take a nap and never walked in on a maid (or were walked in on ourselves). One day we had the do not disturb sign on the door before the maid had come so we could rest, and when we finally stepped out for about an hour, we changed the sign for maid service and everything was perfect when we returned!One bad part about the room was that some street noise traveled up, although we were only really disturbed one night when there was a car parked on the street playing loud music with people around it laughing and talking loudly.Pros at the hotel:Staff - Very friendly and helpful. We had to send and receive several faxes during our stay and they were always happy to help. We used the concierge to book theater tickets, which worked flawlessly, and we also called the front desk around midnight our last evening and asked them to arrange an airport shuttle the next day, which they did the following morning when the shuttle company opened.Amenities - While this hotel isn't a luxury property, they have some nice touches like marble bathrooms, mini bar, room service and an evening wine reception every day (which many people attended). The restaurant attached to the hotel is nice, with a great little bar area and friendly bartenders. The restaurant breakfast menu is pretty minimal, but it does the trick.Location - This is the best part of the hotel. Two blocks from Pier 41, one block to the F line street car two blocks to the cable car. This was an awesome area to gain access to many different parts of the city without trying too hard.Overall, I would say this room was not worth the rack rate of $250+ per night, but it was far beyond my expectations at the Priceline bargain rate!

Great budget hotel I stayed at this hotel from May 17th-24th with my boyfriend and another friend. We had a one bedroom suite with a kitchenette which was great for preparing breakfast sandwiches on several occasions and storing beverages in the full sized fridge. The lobby of the hotel is very nice and comfortable with places to sit and read, relax or use the internet. The pool was nice, although it closes at 10:00pm and the hot tub was barely big enough for the three people in my group to fit in at the same time. There are some nice loungers by the pool and even cabanas with nearly full sized beds that give it a spa feel. However, not many people hung out around the hotel since the beach is just a few blocks away. This was a great location for walking around day or night with easy access to the boardwalk and major shopping areas in Waikiki. It was also close to restaurants and nightclubs and there is a full size grocery store just a couple blocks away. Overall, a one bedroom suite for three people including air from Seattle booked for $500 p/p was a steal, but don't expect anything fancy (or even Motel 6 quality) in the rooms themselves. I wasn't disappointed though because we hardly spent any time in the room except for sleeping, bathing and the occasional meal. When looking at the website, 1 bedroom suites go for $177+, which we paid less than half that price.... my suggestion, book through a different site to get a package deal because this hotel is not worth paying full price for.

Nice place to stay! This place was very nice. Spacious rooms, good location for our needs. There is a restaurant close by as well as a Jack In The Box. Breakfast in the lobby was really good - with the waffle maker and lots of juices to choose from. There was freeway noise but we had the air conditioning on so it didn't bother us.

Nice spacious room, great value We were very pleasantly surprised by the Opal in San Francisco. The staff are very helpful, friendly, they even have a wine and cheese party in the lobby on Wednesdays. The room was spacious and very clean and the bed was comfy. The bathroom was a bit tight for space, but once again was impeccably clean. There is dining and transportation right outside the front door. I would definitely use this hotel again.

Loved this resort! Have just returned from a week at the Bavaro Princess. Was nervous having read some of the reviews on here but shouldnt have been!The grounds of this hotel are fabulous and the individual suites are quiet and secluded. The resort is extensive and some rooms are a way from the beach and the main lobby area but the transportation is frequent and the grounds are well worth walking around. The food was not the greatest at the buffet (not really good at all!) but there was always hamburgers, pizza hot dogs! There are several other restaurants available although some at an additional cost. Did not suffer any ill effects from the food and believe me if anyone would it was going to be me!Beach is superb, miles of white sand and we walked the entire length of the beach! No problems with any hawkers, they were there but not intrusive. If you want to reserve a palm umbrella on the beach you need to be up early and leave your towels on the desired spot! By 9am there are none left although plenty of lounge chairs without any shade. Forget the 30 minute rule that appears in the hotel brochure!Would not hesitate to recommend this hotel!

Not bad for the money Just returned from a week at this hotel and must say was pleasantly surprised as the reviews were not too favourable.We had a room in Block 6 which was a Caribbean Spa Suite, two double beds, a jacuzzi tub, double sinks and separate shower. No problems whatsover with hot water or pressure. Was a small leak over one of the sinks but nothing too worry or complain about. Room was made up everyday but did have to ask for beer in the fridge!Check in was a little slow to start but eventually someone else showed up to help and that sped things up. Check out was done in a blink of an eye! Service in the buffet restaurant was slow at times and we sometimes had to catch a waiters eye for coffee, wine etc. Food wasnt too bad, about standard for mass production and there was always something you could select. (great rolls etc at every meal). We never tried any of the other restaurants as we do not like to work to a time table when we are away!Le Cafe had to have the best iced coffees and the Irish Coffee was great. Think we went in here everyday at least once! Barstaff were friendly and drinks were good, not watered down!Beach was crowded and you really had to snatch up the shade early or even the night before but if you were happy to move with the shade during the day you could always find a nice place to relax. No troubles with the hawkers on the beach, if you dont look in their direction they dont even bother you. Would recommend you get a massage, $20 for 30 mins and worth every cent!!Overall we were pleased with the resort. Nice and small and everything was easily accesable and only being 25 mins from the airport is an added plus.If you are looking for luxury this is not the place but good value for money if you are on a tight budget and are not the really picky sort. Go with the flow take the good with the not so good and you will have a great time.

Absolutely Loved the Belvedere We stayed at the Belvedere for 4 nights before a cruise and loved it. We were a bit apprehensive because as the saying goes, A 2 star is a 2-star, but we can't figure out why this hotel isn't at least a 3 star. The exterior is very impressive and the lobby is gorgeous. We asked for a room on a higher floor away from the elevator (as recommended by this website) and got a king-size bed in a non-smoking room on the 15th floor, 2 doors away from the elevator. The room was much bigger than expected and perfectly clean. The only complaint we could come up with, and it was a minor one, was the bathroom door was awkward for blow drying my hair. since there was no fan, so I couldn't close the door. The kitchenette was great to have as well. The staff were friendly and accomodating. We walked everywhere from this hotel. I've read about elevator problems but the only thing we noticed is that there didn't seem to be enough of them. Often, on our way down, there was no more room for passengers when the door would open, but we never had any problem because we were almost at the top. We hope to get back to New York someday and will certainly stay at the Belvedere again. It doesn't disappoint!

Dive in Honolulu I completely forget to write a review of this hotel after we stayed there last year, but I'm doing it anyway because people need to be made aware of what a horrific hotel this is. We found it on Expedia and are disgusted that they could call this a 3 star hotel. We just came back from a 2 star in Manhattan, the Belvedere, and it was absolutely gorgeous. It should be a 3 or 4 star and the Ocean Resort should be 1. The staff there were awful and rude at check-in and check-out. The room was disgusting, and we wouldn't even set foot in the filthy kitchen. The air conditioner was so loud we couldn't even turn it on, even if we wanted the sickening stuff inside to be blown around our room. The bathroom shower head sprayed all over the toilet and everywhere else. Thankfully, we only had to stay in this dive one night after a cruise, before flying home.

Great Hotel, Great Location We stayed at this hotel at the last minute when we missed our cruise ship out of Fort Lauderdale due to flight delays. We were flown to San Juan where we spent 3 nights until our ship arrived there. It was a last minute scramble to find a hotel and not knowing the area--but knowing Hampton Inns--I booked with them and was happy to see that this property is just like the others we've stayed at. I don't know why this is considered a 2* property, it should be at least 3 IMHO. The front desk stafff were pleasant and helpful, the pool area was great and the rooms were clean. The signature beds were a most welcome comfort after a very long and stressful traveling day. The location is close to some great restaurants, beaches and casinos. Unless you're looking to stay in Old San Juan, I would highly recommend this hotel. San Juan hotels are generally expensive but at $229 this was a bargain.

Fabulous Hotel My son (14) and I stayed at the Sydney Hilton for 6 nights, (20 Feb - 26 Feb.) We were on the executive floor and things could not have been any nicer. Every morning there was a lovely breakfast aand evenings we had light appetizers and drinks. The hotel was spotless, the staff was attentive, informative and friendly and the hotel was situated perfectly - near the bus, subway or you could get a taxi immediately. Great gym and all was perfect. The pool was not as great as the pool at the Hilton in Greece (which is glass sided), but I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone. We paid a very reasonable rate and certainly feel this hotel is a great value.

Great Hotel with Wonderful Staff I really enjoyed the associates at this property. I would especially like to commend Carlo at Reception and the exceedingly amusing young male Irish bartender. My son and I had an outstanding time and will continue to stay at the International Hiltons. This property did not disappoint. It is about a 10 minute walk from the Arc de Triomphe and you can walk straight down from the Arc de Triomphe to the Louvre. It is also close to the Courcelles Metro station and you can get anywhere from there. Treats by our bedside, very clean rooms and rooms much larger then a typical Parisien hotel.

Darwin Saved The Day My son and I were in LA and on a very tight schedule. We were leaving the Universal City Hilton and needed to print our boarding passes before arriving at the airport that evening. We would not have access to a printer for the entire day - but the website for the airline was down. I spoke with Darwin Wang at the front desk and he attempted to print them out - and even called the airline for us. Even though we were checking out, he said he would check back on the airline site for us later and we should come back and he would leave the boarding passses in an envelope for us at the front desk......And amazingly enough, he did. This was exceptional customer service. This is what makes people want to return to a hotel. We have stayed within the last two years at Hiltons in Greece, Australia and in the U.S. - and on this trip we wpent the first night in a VERY lackluster Hilton (Mission Valley San Diego) where we would never return, but Darwin Wang restored my faith in the U.S. Hiltons. Universal City Hilton highly recommended for great staffing.

A very pleasant stay I have no complaints about this hotel. We throughly enjoyed our 3 nightstay there. On checking in they gave us a third floor room with a roof terrace, as well as a TV room off to the side. The LED lights were not working, but I told reception and they were fixed the next day. Even though the check out was at 12.00 we were not feeling the best and they let us stay in the room until 2. The reception staff were very friendly and the breakfast was a good continental one. We enjoyed eating at the restaurants and the bar down the street, and in a very busy Florence it was good to be off the beaten track. I'm not sure I like the black halls, but this hotel was certainly different. The beds were very comfortable, the water pressure was good in the shower. I would have liked to have stayed there a bit longer. We did not use the pillow menu though!

Crowne Plaza-a good experience We stayed at the Crowne Plaza on 8/22/04 and 8/29/04 and had a very pleasant experience. We arrived a few hours early and our room was ready so we got ourselves settled and went out to explore the city.Our room was very clean and the heavenly beds and little extras they put into the Priority Club suites made our night very restful. We were impressed that the Priority Club members had our own breakfast buffet in a lounge on our floors.We found the staff to be pleasant and helpful and would definitely go back.

City Break Stay We celebrated my husbands 50th birthday in this fabulous city! The hotel lived up to its expectations - the staff were very friendly and helpful. The room was very clean and the linen immaculate. The air conditioning was efficient and the breakfast was excellent. We requested extra pillows and within 5 minutes our request was granted.The only down side was the distance from the Ramblas - it was a fairly long walk but taxis are fairly reasonable. However, Barcelona FC was only a very short distance and was the highlight of our stay!!!!We picked the weekend of the festival of St John (we didn't know at the time of the booking) and the fireworks continued until about 5 am!! We would definitely recommend this friendly hotel to anyone wanting a long weekend in Barcelona.

Would return to the Swissotel More photos

Disappointing Details Stayed at this hotel with family to celebrate my father's 65th. It is a beautiful hotel, with a good amount of action at night and a great beach and pool area. However, there are details that I think should be seen to in hotel service, that disappointed me on this trip. Upon arrival, the doormen continued to chat while the 8 of us piled out of a taxi/van, then the woman checking us in could barely be bothered by our presence, but perked up once she realized the amount of money we were spending to stay there. Some of us stayed in the Casitas, which were nice and private, but one day the cleaning staff left the bathroom dirty and the shower drain barely worked. There is a lot of beautiful tile everywhere, which is great, but makes it slippery. My brother fell and no one was around except a staff person, who just looked at him and walked by. My father got the infamous bad beach treatment : he asked for a table and was told by the man who gets your chairs that they were all reserved (they were never used). It appeared that the people who kept handing over money to this man got the best treatment (surprise!). I wrote the manager after this trip and never heard anything (surprise!).

Pleasant and convenient When we arrived for a three-day visit to Toronto, we were told that we had been upgraded to a deluxe suite. This was a pleasant, attractively decorated large room with a kitchen area which included not only a refrigerator, microwave and coffee maker, but a dishwasher and a clothes washer and dryer.The location is excellent. We had come to attend the opera, and the hotel was only about two blocks from the Hummingbird Centre. The King Street subway station is just outside either door, or one can reach it via the extensive underground PATH. The staff were very pleasant and did their best to be helpful, although they were often busy and sometimes did not have the answers right at their fingertips. I have a few minor caveats: (1)If one takes the Toronto Airport Express from Pearson Airport, the stop nearest this hotel is at the Royal York, about four blocks away. (2) Our room had an easy chair with an ottoman which looked as though it would be comfortable. It was decorated with a double row of large nailheads along the sides and back of the chair, which bumped me in the head when I leaned back and made the chair uncomfortable for me. (I am short, and a taller person probably wouldn't be bothered. There were other places to sit.) (3) The booklet in the room describing the hotel's amenities, room service, etc. implied that if a guest needed information about airport bus schedules, where to rent a car, etc. all that guest had to do was to contact the front desk, using the speed dial on the phone. We didn't use the speed dial, but rather asked in person, and we did get the answers we needed, but we usually had to wait while the desk clerk or valet had to look things up and deal with other matters as well. We weren't in a big hurry, but our questions didn't seem very complicated.As I said, these were minor things. Our stay was pleasant, and we found the hotel comfortable and conveniently located.

nice bright room i have stayed at budget hotels before in waikiki, and their rooms were tiny, depressing, the noise from the traffic was so bad that i couldn't get any sleep without taking a pill, so i was groggy all the next day.but his hotel gave me a room facing the ocean, away from busy kuhio, was nice and bright with lovely decor. a big open lobby greeted me and there is a convenient restaurant . the room was on the 10. floor and i could see the ocean and heard no traffic noise. i am going back there in november but this time i am taking a little kettle to boil water, and a mug and coffee filter. they got no coffee makers in the rooms.

Disappointment - Do not expect Best Western Quality Best Western Eden, Sorry about the mess. We were on our way out.

a place to relax garden view

Mixed feelings about the Savoy We stayed at the Savoy for three nights at the end of April, booked through a Luxury Link package that worked out to about $500 USD/nt including the buffet breakfast. As others have said, the location on Pza Repubblica is ideal for sightseeing, as it's just south of the Duomo and in the exact center of everything you want to see in Florence. (We stayed at the Excelsior on our last visit, which is a long walk to some of the attractions on the eastern side of the Centro). The flip side is thatif you open the windows between 9 AM- 9PM, you will hear a lot of the street noise. Our deluxe double was pretty compact and decorated in the same shades of green as its sister property, the de Russie, in Rome. The linens were luxe, the beds fine, and the bathroom very comfortable with all the ususal amenities you'd expect at this type of property. The only decoration are these Ikea-appearing paintings of shoes in the rooms and public spaces-- it was explained that the Ferragamo family is somehow related to Rocco Forte. After the opulence of the Excelsior, the decor here seemed international bland-- the hotel gives you no sense of place and you feel that you could be anywhere.The concierge and front desk staff are terrific, as are the doormen. In the lower level there is a room with 2 computers and printer, and internet access is free (they give you a code).The breakfast buffet is kind of a cramped affair, with the food and tables in their rather small bar area (with overflow into the also small dining room) With people bumping into each other getting the food, and so jammed in at the tables, it wasn't very enjoyable.Given Florence prices, we probably paid a fair price for what we received. Still, we enjoyed our experience at The Excelsior much more.

Very, very nice! I can't add much to what the reviewer from St. Paul wrote. It is a magnificent hotel with a gorgeous lobby, gorgeous rooms, huge, fantastic bathrooms, and very helpful and gracious staff. And ..the Heavenly Bed, which IS as good as is touted to be.It is indeed pricey, but we had a 3-for-2 rate from the Starwood website (prepaid), which amounted to about 1100 Euros for 3 nights. I didn't expect much as an SPG Gold, but we were upgraded to a very large room facing the Arno. While the view was sensational, you will hear some street noise from the rooms facing the Arno.The restaurant and bar prices are astronomical, as stated in other reviews here. True in most grand hotels, but there is no shortage of restaurants/cafes/bars in Florence. We have stayed at *wood properties in many of the European capitals, and this is among the best. We will definitely return.

Extraordinary Service at the Hotel d'Aubusson My husband and I just returned from a 7-night stay at the Hotel d'Aubusson. We opted for a grand luxe loft room, offered in their Winter Promotion, where 1 Euro= 1 USD.The location of the hotel is ideal, two blocks from the Seine and a few more to Blvd. St. Germaine.The street runs right into the Pont Neuf, but for the most part we heard almost no street noise whatsoever. Our room was #406, one of the larger rooms, with 2 beds together, probably in total the width of an American King but shorter.... As we are both over 6' tall, they were definitely too short and this was an annoyance. The mattresses are typically Parisian.. hard... but the linens are very high-quality. There was a small sitting area, with a round table and 2 chairs, and plenty of room to walk around and store luggage. The bathroom wasquite large, and well appointed with terry robes, Hermes toiletries, and all the towels you could use.The housekeeping staff are very diligent, and the room was spotless.The public areas are quite attractive, and the Bar Laurent has a great jazz group playing Thurs., Fri.and Sat. evenings. Breakfast is okay, not wonderful nor worth the 23 Euro tab if not included in the room rate. Service in the breakfast room is quite good, and they will make excellent omelettes for an extra charge. The gentleman who runs the bar and sitting room in the evenings is just fantastic... he treats the whole first floor as his fiefdom and makes sure everybody is well-serviced.The real test of this hotel occurred when on day 2 of our stay, I somehow contracted a serious GI problem (food poisoning, most likely) which necessitated getting a doctor to the hotel, prescriptions delivered, etc. The entire staff could not have been nicer of more helpful to us... they were absolutely wonderful. That the desk staff spoke such wonderful English was a real help in communicating the needs we had. When Iemerged a couple days later, everyone inquired how I was, asked if there was anything I needed,and doted on us with genuine care and concern. We would have liked to stay at one of the Leading Hotels of the World in Paris, as we usually do in other European cities. Paris is just so insanely expensive, and the dollar now so weak, that we couldn't justify those prices. While we might have had beds more suitable to us, I doubt that we would have experienced better service than we we had at the d'Aubusson. The entire staff is a family of genuinely helpful and caring people. We will return.

Still a very good hotel We stayed here for a week in '04, and the reviews on TripAdvisor since then did give us pause for concern in booking again for Feb. '06. We visit Europe 4-5 times a year, and always stay in 4-or 5-star hotels, many of them also affiliated with LHW. I E-mailed them in November with my concerns about the renovation and the complaints registered here. I received a prompt E-Mail back, stating that the renovation would not start until later in '06 and we would be assured of a room in fine condition.We paid 190 Euros/nt for the identical room we had on the sixth floor two years ago. It was great; good bedding, high-quality linens, bathrobes and slippers, nice toiletries, a gift of chocolates and Spanish wine in the room. Everything was exceptionally clean. Yes, there were some dings on the chair by the desk, and a couple of very minor spots on the carpeting. Planning to write a review here upon our return, I specifically looked for the issues that were noted in previous reviews. But for the most part, there is very little to criticize.The service remains exemplary. The doorman, David (from Pennsylvania) is a gem... very helpful with directions, recommendations, and a taxi when we needed one. Both he and the concierege staff remembered us and gave us a warm welcome. The concierge staff are great... they provided wonderful restaurant recommendations. The location, for us, is ideal... several great tapas places within a few blocks, 4 blocks from Plaza Catalunya and the top of Las Ramblas. With the windows closed, no street noise to be heard at all.The only thing you have to be careful about is that the taxi drivers still know the hotel as the Ritz, not the Palace. There are several hotels in BCN with palace as part of the name, and we were taken to several of them by mistake. You have to give the driver the name AND street address.... get the hotel's card when you arrive, and provide it to any taxi driver you use. Is it the Four Seasons in Istanbul, the Grand Bretagne in Athens, or the Grand Hotel in Stockholm?No, it is showing a bit of wear. It needs some TLC to restore its former luster. But it is still a very well-managed, charming, old-world hotel in a great location in Barcelona.

We were Robbed!! Occidental Grand Flamenco, Punta CanaMy husband and I stayed at this resort in April 24,-May1When I say we were robbed, I don't mean that the resort wasn't worth the money, I mean that we were literally ROBBED!Somebody came into our room while we were out and stole all of our money (the one and only time I didn't use the safe!!) We were packed to leave that morning, and only wanted an hour or two at the beach before we left.............I had my passports and departure taxes still in the safe, and my hubby had what was in his wallet, otherwise we would have been left stranded!We had been extremely generous with all of the workers so it was very disheartening, to say the least!The resort itself was well kept, the grounds were very nice.The service left a little to be desired.The room was adequateThe beach was beautifulThe pools were greatUp until the last day (only hours before we checked out)the vacation was great!I wish I could say that the managemnt was helpful, but I can'tThe Signature rep commiserated, but could do nothingI won't be staying at the Occidental again!Cuba is looking better all the time!Marilyn

Two Weeks is Too Long We stayed at the Barcelo Bavaro Caribe' Resort from April 25th to May 9th 2005.I can't say enough about the beautiful grounds, they are kept very manicured, by so many hard working people.The beach is fantastic too, with white powdery sand and crystal clear turquoise water.Overall it wasn't a bad resort, although we had some minor problems.Two weeks is really too long though.I didn't find the people there overly friendly, even though we tipped generously, and gave lots of gifts too. At the Mexican restaurant we were left sitting for a half hour after we had been given menus, after that length of time we just left. I don't know if they were ignoring us, or they had forgotten us. We had been there the night before and had great service, and the workers had been very friendly. At our own buffett we found the people to be quite friendly, of course there again, we tipped them at every meal and gave every one of them gifts too.The food wasn't what we were used to, it is their local food, and I have to say our standards for cleanliness are much higher. However the selection was very good, and we certainaly never went hungry. The reception people were very matter of fact too, with hardly a smile.Thank God for Nancy!!, our tour director (Signature)She had answers to all of our questions (and we had a lot of questions)I broke a tooth off my partial plate while I was there and she even got me some crazy glue to hold it in place until I got home to a dentist.We went to the entertainment at all of the resorts as well as the Tropicalissimo Show, which was fantastic!The casino was fun. The train rides were great too.I don't think that any of the bartenders gave me spirits in my drinks (even once), that I didn't have to ask for it :-( and I only had 5 drinks the whole time I was there, and my husband doesn't drink at all.We took gifts for the Outback Safari to distribute to the villagers schools that they support, I think they do a wonderful service!We thought the trip itself would be a little too rigorous for us at our age.So, to sum it all up.........I would go to the same resort again, but just for the beautiful grounds ,the beach, the walking in the park behind the convention center which we did every day, to enjoy the birds and flowers there.Please people, we pay a lot for our vacations there and we know that you work very hard for a very little bit of money, that is why we tip so generously and come bearing gifts for you. A smile is the only thanks we require. We love the Dominican and plan to return at Christmastime.

Pre Cruise Stay We stayed at the Wyndham Miami Airport Hotel for one night prior to a cruise. It was not our choice - but included in our Package - Having read the reviews on this site, when we checked in - which wasn't a problem even tho there were quite a few of us coming of a flight - we requsted a Golf view side, which wasn't a problem, was also asked if smoking or non. Glad we got the golf view side, as others who had the other side had said looking out to a building site is not a good start for a holiday. for us even tho we were there just over night and the following morning, there was no were to go. It is very good for an overnight stop to catch a flight or similar, but not if you want to be near shops, restuarants etc.We had a bite in the bar that evening (that is all we wanted) and found the staff friendly. The room suited our needs - and after coming off a long haul flight, found the bed comfy (we had a king size). Breakfast was continental or hot, we had the conti which was very sufficient. The following morning sat by the pool which was pleasant. The reason I have given it a Neutral rating was the position for us!

Will definitely come back here I had a little trouble looking for this hotel location but with the help from information counter in Takashimaya mall, I found it. It's very important that once you reach Shinjuku Station, use the right exit or you will end up going in circle. Use New Southern Terrace exit. Once out of the exit go to the left and walk straight, you'll see starbuck. Keep walking until you see crispy creme on the left and u will go to the right (you will go through some stairs). Keep going down the stairs and you will see the hotel right in front of you.The check in time is 2 pm, since I arrived early I left my luggage at the check in counter and went for a walk. You can always ask for information from the hotel staff, they do speak english, they will provide you with map if needed. Room:The room is small but very tidy. The only down side was we got a room facing man's toilet. Not a very pleasant view. The hotel provide basic amenities like kettle, tv (flat screen), toiletries, they even provide clean slippers and sleeping robe (I don't know what it's called) everyday. Internet is free but bring your own laptop.Staff:I have to give credit to the staff because when my sister got really sick, they tried looking for doctor to come to our room personally (they searched from at least 10 hospitals) but no doctors were available that night. The next day they got us a cab and sent us straight to international catholic hospital (because this hospital has people who speak english). There is a big hospital next to this hotel but it is not opened to public on weekend!Access:From Shinjuku station, you can go almost everywhere. My destinations was Disneyland, Ghibli Museum, Nikko, Mt Fuji, Harajuku, Shibuya, Ginza, Akihabara etc. The main key is to find the right line. You can also find a lot of restaurants, convenient stores, pharmacy and malls around the hotel. For Muslim, if you wanted to find halal restaurant, this is a bit tricky. There are halal restaurants nearby but you will have to do a lot of walking at the backstreet (because that is how I found them).Going to the airport, contact the hotel staff to buy limosine bus ticket and to check the bus schedule. The bus will pick you up at the very front of this hotel.I love the location of this hotel. You can never go wrong with this hotel. I recommend this for first timer in Tokyo (like me). I wish to come back here if I had the chance.

Absolutely fabulous Just back from a five night stay at the wonderful Affinia Dumont.The weather was hot for our stay and it was great to get back to the air conditioned room which was so comfortable. We were three women on a shopping spree and the doormen were so heplful when we arrived with our shopping., especially Christopher. also Ronaldo for getting us a taxi to the theater. Like all the other reviews no complaints with the housekeeping or reception they were excellent. The area itself it so safe with the Murray hill market just at the corner for stocking up on water, milk etc. Will definitely go back to the Affinia Dumont.

Great location Booked two rooms online, based really on position, and were delighted. Large clean rooms, helpful staff, would not hesitate to recommend. Central to all we wanted and handy for transport to airport (BART), trolley buses and trams. Aware of homeless but not intimidated by any.

Fantastic! Great hotel! Good location, nice size rooms, and the the staff was helpful and pleasant. We had the free breakfast every morning and had no complaints. They have a good amount of item choices and we never had a problem getting a seat to eat. Fantastic hotel! I would definitely stay there again!!

Check your bill when you leave! The hotel is generally OK but getting shabby - good for an extended stay as there is a kitchenette, basic but functional and clean. Some of the staff are a bit surly (as in customers are a nuisance). The hotel book in the room said that calls to 1-800 and 1-888 numbers are free for the first 20 minutes. On checking out I saw that every call I made was billed at $ 2.66 (even for two minutes) - when I queried it they showed me a bit of paper that said $ 1.50 for the first twenty minutes which did not match the charges built into their computer system. (By the way WiFi is charged at $10 per day while many other hotels provide it free - in any case the signal was not strong enough in the higher floors).Because of the discrepancies the reception called the duty manager who did not explain or apologize and in the end after making me wait re funded me the calls. I reported this to the HQ of Affinia who did not bother to acknowledge or reply. Suggest you check your bill for unexpected charges before you leave.

Not a great spot. More or less this place was pretty icky.I just came back from staying there after going to our friends' wedding in Cambridge. There is nothing near the hotel (like a bar or diner or something) that we could walk to to entertain ourselves in between the wedding fun. We ended up taking taxi's everywhere which pretty much meant $10-$20 each way every time we went everywhere. There was an odor that kind of reminded me of that gross soap smell in public bathrooms pretty much everywhere we went. Mildewy stains in the rooms and bathrooms.IckWe didn't eat at that restaurant - something about a full American Breakfast at a Chinese restaurant in an icky hotel wasn't what we wanted!The upside was the staff was super nice and helpful. I will definitely not stay there again tho!

Disappointed Located in the middle of the shopping district and close to Hyde Park but about a 20 minute walk from the harbour, this is very much a business hotel with a really busy, noisy lobby. Hotel has recently been gutted and rebuilt and our room was very hi-tech and stylish but fairly compact. We did not like the bathroom which was cramped and had walls of semi-opaque glass!We found breakfast in the hotel expensive and would suggest you pop across the road to one of the cafes in the elegant Queen Victoria Building. This was our first time in Sydney and we loved it. We had a great views from our room but would not stay here again.

Excellent This is one of the best hotels we have ever stayed at. Lovely big room and luxurious bathroom with huge shower cubicle. Everything you could possibly want in the room including large flat-screen TV. Enormous variety on offer at breakfast and very attentive staff. Quietly located in a cul-de-sac but a stone's throw from the convention centre.If you do not wish to eat in the hotel, there is a good selection of bars and restaurants opposite in the same street. A 2 minute walk brings you to the Singapore Convention Centre from where you can walk in air-conditioned comfort to the theatre, shopping malls and Raffles City MRT station.After a busy day out, we headed for the lovely rooftop pool which, unlike most hotel pools is a really good size. We were greeted with a complimentary glass of iced water and sliced apple and were invariably the only people there.

Excellent but dissapointed at the hotel food Bed

No Housekeeping-Stinking Garbage-No Towels - Fun??? We are new owners, bought one week HGVC in Las Vegas in Sept 2006. This was our first HGVC vacation. Being new to the whole reservation bit we dilly dallied until March to make our reservation. At that late date we were not able to get 7 consecutive nights in the Lagoon Tower. We could only get 4 nights in the HGVC Lagoon Tower and converted our remaining HGVC points into Hilton Honors points and reserved the other 3 nights in the Hilton Hawaiian Village (Tapa Tower). We reserved a 2 bedroom ocean front premier suite in the HGVC Lagoon Tower which according to my reservation confirmation go for $900+ per night. After a long day at the beach on day 2 we returned to the HGVC suite to find we had received no housekeeping. My husband contacted the front desk and was told that you have to stay a minimum of 7 nights in the HGVC in order to get housekeeping! WHAT!!!! So, each afternoon we had to stop at the front desk for towels and shampoo for the 4 of us (my husband, myself and our 2 teenagers). By the end of day 3 the garbage was stinking and overflowing and we had a pile of smelly wet towels the size of Diamond Head on the floor. We did meet up with housekeeping in the hallway every morning and they seemed very nice and very hardworking. The staff at HGVC made no effort to make us feel special. As a matter fact, I found them to be somewhat distant and aloof. Already wondering if we made a mistake buying with Hilton. We plan on contacting the rep that sold us the week and ask why he tell us about the lack of service. We have been looking to buy a second timeshare but sure not going to by more HGVC. We asked for a room on a high floor when we made our original reservation and on one other occasion and we got a room on the 6th floor thanks! (IF ANYONEOUT THERE KNOWS THE TRICK TO GETTING A GREAT ROOM, PLEASE CONTACT ME!) The construction went on 7 am to 5 pm every day but Sunday. It didn't bother us too much because we didn't spend much time in the room. However, it was very loud so it made spending time on the lanai a bit unpleasant. We watched the fireworks on Friday night from our lanai which was nice but short (about 5 minutes).A couple other comments:-The Outrigger Catamaran was worth every penny. We showed up for the 3 pm trip and we had the whole boat to ourselves and the crew was wonderful. Played great tunes for us, drank champagne, sat on the net and got splashed and best of all we had several dolphins swimming and jumping right along side of us. WOW!! We tip the captain and first mate enough . . . it was absolutely fantastic!!!-The Sunset Dinner Cruise was just average (food that great).-Our two teenagers took surfing lessons with Pacific Soul and loved it. Had to pay $50 to get the pictures though (all of them on CD) but they were great pictures!- There is NO authentic luau on Oahu, sorry!- The book Oahu Revealed was they called the PCC Way too much participation and we spent way too much time there. Ever heard of a Luau-cafeteria style? Not what I had envisioned at all. I recommend you do the self tour and see the at night. The fire dancers made the show worthwhile. -Rent your snorkel gear and boogie boards from Snorkel We got it all for the whole week real cheap. Spent a lot of time at the HHV beach which was crowded but nice. We also hit the North Shore beaches which were unbelievable. Just kept the snorkel gear in the car and we were ready to go! In spite of the HGVC we did enjoy our vacation by just being together and having fun as a family.

Great Service / Great view! Aloha! I have many great things to say about The Park Shore Waikiki (Part of Aqua Hotels Resorts)! It's in a GREAT location as it is located near the end the Waikiki Beach Strip @ 2586 Kalakaua Ave in Honolulu. It is steps away from the beach, great restaurants and shopping. Everything you need is within easy walking distance on the main strip. The view is amazing as you can see the Diamond Head Volcanic Crater in its full glory, Waikiki Beach and Honolulu's famous sunsets all from your room (depending on what kind of room you book, of course.) The pool area is very nice and well maintained. You can see the ocean from the pool area as it is located on the 3rd floor of the hotel. It offers a nice leisure, less busy atmosphere than the beach. The best part of our hotel stay was the friendly great service we received! Leanor and Terry truly cared about making our stay as comfortable and as great as possible. They really went above and beyond. Every where we turned the staff was great! It makes a big difference if you feel welcomed. The Park Shore Waikiki's rooms are a bit on the small side however are very clean and in good repair. The balcony was very large and offered a great view relaxation to sit and watch the sunset. This hotel will be updating it's rooms with renovations in the Spring 2009. The staff are very excited about the update! I would recommend this hotel to everyone. It is suited for families, couples or singles. It's quiet at night yet very close to the action if that's what you like! We'll be staying there again for sure! Mahalo! (I will be posting photos soon!)

We Loved the Aqua Waikiki Wave We loved the Aqua Waikiki Wave! When we called into the reservations line for Aqua Hotels we were greeted with a very friendly and helpful agent. She ended up getting us a great deal and upgraded us. Once we arrived at the hotel the staff were great as well, very quick and friendly check in process. Our room was very clean and had recently been updated, very nice. The pictures online are exact. The beds were very comfortable and had beautiful white comforters/bedding. The view was great since we were on the 11th floor. We had a view of the ocean on one corner of the patio and the city mountains on the other :). Beautiful! I had read that some guests complained about noise however we did not have an issue and actually found the hotel to be quite quiet. Yes you will hear the odd noise from other guests but nothing to complain about. The patio doors kept the noise from outside out of the room. The location is perfect! About 2-3 blocks from the beach. Very close to great shopping! A fave was Muse that had just opened 2 weeks ago and was directly accross the street. Upscale shops are along the beach. The International Market is literally next door to the hotel. The market has a food court and unique to Hawaii shops and kiosks. It, of course, has an ABC Store for convenience however you will find ABC Stores every half block in Waikiki!! (ABC Stores have everything you need as a traveller.) The hotel is located very close to many restaurants that have great deals for breakfast ($2.99 breakfasts to be exact for your simple eggs/toast/bacon etc). It's great for the budget traveller. There are many happy hour specials that serve $1.00 - $3.00 drinks! The hotel itself is great for all types of travellers. Great for families and singles / couples alike. The small pool is not in a good location however. It is accessed through the parkade and kind of in a back alley between 2 tall buildings - no sun. Very weird. The hotel might as well not have a pool at all really! :) HOWEVER this would be our only complaint and we didn't even want to swim in the pool anyway since you're in Hawaii for the ocean! The ocean swimming and waves are better by far. Towel service is offered at the front desk for the beach as a sign in / sign out. They were very nice about the fact that our towels were covered in sand and sea water! : ) Shuttle service to and from the airport is easy. $9.00 per person. or a taxi would be about $40.00 if you have a family for more than 3 people. We used Reliable Shuttle but there are many others with a simular price point. Overall our stay was excellent! We recommend it to everyone!Any of the Aqua resorts seem great on their websites.

Perfect location, great value We spent 9 nights in the Luna and Simone Hotel based on the positive reviews on this site. It lived up to our expectations.The Pimlico tube station is a 5 minute walk. We used the Victoria station only when we used the regular rail services for day trips, because the entrance to is on Belgrave Road. The Victoria tube station is on the other side, off Wilton Road, and is a bit farther than Pimlico. We used an internet cafe on Wilton Road which is part of a Subway restaurant.We have stayed in much smaller rooms, and thought the size was fine. We had plenty of room and storage space. The bathroom had a shelf above the toilet to store bath items. The room was always spotless when we returned, and we were messy! Showers are HOT and powerful. Wow. We brought a big bar of soap with us-- recommmended.Our winter rate was 60 GBP, a real bargain. We had room 9 which did not face Belgrave Road. I don't know how noisy a front room would be but Belgrave is not a high traffic street. We made one local telephone call and were not charged for it. When we paid our bill the day before we left, the reception offered to arrange a 5 a.m. wake-up call.I can't comment on the breakfast because we never ate it. We don't like hot breakfasts, and we're vegetarian and don't eat sausages. On Tachbrook Street there is a wonderful bakery and we bought bread and cheese for breakfast. Further up on the street there is a Saintsbury supermarket and on Warwick Way there is a Tesco grocery. We didn't eat at any of the pubs and small restaurants in the area because we had theater tickets every night and ate in the theater area. Restaurants near the hotel include pubs, Indian, Thai, Italian, and French.Belgrave Road is a lovely walk to the tube. There are many small hotels along the street in converted apartment houses. We usually returned to the hotel after 11 p.m. and felt very safe in the area.In Canterbury my husband bought a suit, and we told the salesman about the hotel because he was going to London the next week. He couldn't believe the price we paid. He said he had paid 180 GPB for a hotel recently.Don't hesitate to stay here!

Good location and budget price The Hotel Adagio has a good central location near Placa Jaume and walking distance to Placa Catalunya. A Metro stop is one block away. Plenty of restaurants nearby, though most cater to tourists. 15 minute walk to coast. I stayed in a single room that was clean and comfortable. The bathroom was spacious and modern. The staff was friendly and helpful. Only complaint is that it can be noisy at night from the streets below. I would stay here again.

One of the Best Hotels I've Ever Stayed at The Sydney Mercure Hotel is one of the best hotels I've ever stayed at. I visited as a single traveller, and I was actually given a really good room. It was far from the elevator (so it was quiet), was one of the largest rooms on the floor (based on the floorplan), and overlooked George Street. The room was extremely clean and the housekeepers very friendly. The concierge was super helpful and friendly, and delivered the newspaper to me daily for free. The location of the hotel is great, as it is located on George Street, one of the main streets in Sydney, and is right across the street from the Central Railway station, making rail transporation really convenient. The hotel is within walking distance to Chinatown, Haymarket, Darling Harbour, Glebe, and the central shopping area i.e. Pitt Street Mall. And since I shopped a lot, it was easy to hop on a train back to central station rather than walk with all my bags. I would definitely stay here again.

Good location Booked Hotel 41 after reading other reviews. When we booked our cheap flights to NYC and then checked hotel prices we had not realised how expensive they were. This hotel sounded good although we still thought it was bit pricey (but it was cheaper than others!). It was worth it - hotel is friendly and room was clean. We arrived very late at night and first room we were given was very small and looked out on the AC well - a solid brick wall(bit like opening the window onto a chimney flue). We aked for a swap and although we got moved to a room overlooking street, it was bigger and brighter and on 6th floor -noise was not too bad. Bed was heaven, great sheets and nice products. Room still not that big but was kept spotlessly clean. Hotel staff helped with bookings for a show (got tickets for Rent which is showing next door, for 1/2 price). Hotel Bar is very noisy. Complimentary coffee was nice. Location is excellent if you want to be central.

Best hotel I ever visited I won a trip to NYC that included a stay at The Muse. We loved it. My pet peeve is noise and in our room, you couldn't tell anyone else was there. We didn't hear voices in the hall, other people flushing their toilets, ice machines - nothing. Pure silence. I slept like a baby. The convenience of the location is great - right off of Times Square. The staff couldn't have been nicer. It's pet friendly, too, and there were a lot of dogs (big dogs!) staying there but we never heard a single bark. The only complaint I have is that we couldn't buy the robe I wore. It is supposed to be for sale online but only the animal prints are and I wanted the tan one. The toiletries were really nice, BTW, and there were little extras that we didn't expect. If we're lucky enough to get back to NYC, we're definitely going to stay at The Muse.

Okay, but not worth the money Location was excellent, and the view of the city was extreme. Very disappointed in decor of rooms. No chairs were in the room, just too very comfortable beds. Lots of stains in the hall carpeting, and hall had a strange baby powder smell. Difficult to find parking and entrance to hotel. The Westin charges you for there wireless internet. The bottled water was $5.00. You can go next door to Harrahs and get free beverages. For the price you pay for these rooms you would think that internet would be free. We tried to check out on using the television and it would not work. Room was clean, and we did feel safe there, but not happy with all the extra charges. Found staff very friendly!

Embassy Suites good for families Our family of 4 went during Easter break. I agree with the reviews. The only problems I had were with the pool and the breakfast. The pool was too small and my kids said it was freezing. Usually we spend every vacation at the pool at some point during our day and we didn't because it was crowded and cold. The buffet in the morning was not for me because I am not a morning person and there were crowds and a mess most of the time. If you are an easy going person this might not bother you because it is afterall free!!!

Intercontinental good for price We were promised a room with 2 queen beds which to make a long story short never happened. After waiting a couple of hours for our room to be ready we were disappointed they gave us a room with two double beds. I had explained to reservation office when making my initial reservation that we were two adults and two kids and needed two queen beds. They assured me we would have them. It never happened which really disappointed me because I picked this hotel because they promised two queen beds!!Besides that, the room was clean, my kids enjoyed the pool and the fellow travelers were very nice and polite. The staff basically lied to us which I do not appreciate. I told my husband wow, people lie here and don't even feel bad! (We were also lied to when we rented bikes with our kids that the ride was easy and piece of cake across the Golden Gate Bridge, which it wasn't but worth it!!)

Okay Hotel for price The hotel is located in a very touristy part of hollywood. The goodnews is if you like shopping, you are right on top of a mall. Also plenty of food court options. The first night we were interupted from our deep sleep by drunk guests trying to knock down our door. I was so tired from traveling that day that I couldn't even get to the door to tell them they were at the wrong room. Finally they went away. After that no incidents. The room wasn't cleaned 100%. Found wrapers on the floor that grossed me out! If I had to do it again I wouldn't stay here.

Had a great time at this hotel I spent my honeymoon at this hotel and we had a wonderful stay. The hotel was smaller than I had expected, but the service was great, our room was very nice and comfortable and the location was excellent - it was so easy to get around Paris by using the metro station nearby, and it was very convenient to be so close to the Arc de Triomphe and the Champs Elysees. The reception area is nicely decorated and the buffet breakfast was tasty. The Cecilia has everything you need.

Awful in many ways!!not My husband and I spent 5 days at the Princess as part of a conference group. The location is terrible. While public transportation is nearby, the hotel is quite a distance from the city center and all the sights. Each taxi ride into the city cost 11-15 Euros. That very quickly added up to much more than we had anticipated.The room was attractjve but small. The bed was very comfortable but the bathroom left much to be desired. The separate shower was next to the separate toilet and the shower leaked onto the floor into the toilet area. Not pleasant. The view was great.The signs in the lobby forbiding guests from bringing in outside drinks or food made it feel like a dorm or a hostel and not a deluxe hotel. Concierge services were non existent and the front desk staff were not knowledgeable or helpful at all. The breakfast buffet was very limited and unexciting.So it seems that what this hotel has going for it are low rates and a modern design look. I would not stay here again.

Wonderful Weekend at the Westin We just returned from a 3 night weekend stay at the Westin Grand Hotel in Berlin. First of all we found the location to be excellent and completely convenient to transportation and all East Berlin sights.We arrived early Friday morning and 1 of our 2 rooms booked was ready for check in, which was very convenient. This was the Premium Deluxe Courtyard room. It is traditionally furnished with a queen size heavenly bed. The room was apx. 340 sq. ft. but big enough for a desk chair and a comfortable club chair. The bathroom is small but adequate with good lighting, hair dryer, several mirrors and a make up mirror. It is certainly not a super deluxe bathroom but comfortable. The lobby of the hotel is beautiful with a grand staircase and elegant atrium. The lobby bar has a grand piano and a pianist every night from 5:00 to about midnight. it's costly but a great place to relax for a drink and a cigar. The staff was very responsive and friendly and the concierge took care of all our reservations and touring needs.The second room we booked was a Grand deluxe room and was not to be ready until after 3:00 PM. However, we were told that we would be given a double upgrade to a junior suite. Also a traditionally furnished room. it had the same bathroom as the Premium room. This room was much larger with a separate living room, couch, desk chair and club chair. The bedroom area had a king bed with a closet and dressing table. The room also faced the courtyard and it was very quiet which was great. The pool spa area are excellent with a hot tub, full bar for snacks, sauna, showers, infinity pool, etc. Buffet breakfast was included in our rate and was outstanding. German breads are incredible. The cheese cart was an unusual breakfast treat as was the free flowing champagne, The cost of this buffet is 26 euros if it is not included in your rate. A la carte breakfast can be had at the lobby bar. I would rate this hotel as an excellent 4* property.

Left here rather dissapointed... more a costly budget hotel than boutique. I stayed here with my boyfriend for 5 nights, thoroughly looking forward to my stay in the 'boutique hotel'... especially after the positively glowing reviews here. I have to say however, I was left feeling rather dissapointed. The location is very central- you can easily access all districts from here, however to get down to CBD (Opera House/Harbour) you need to catch the metro (approx 15/20 mins due to change of trains). The nearest metro station is Kings Cross, which is a very shady part of Sydney indeed. In fact it did become quite intimidating walking down 'the strip' during the night time (prostitutes/drug dealers)- however many police were about, which is reassuring. But in the end we mostly ended up taking taxis. The hotel itself was like stated by other users here- very homely, but the owner was not as friendly as I was lead to believe from the other reviews (I felt even abrupt on a few occasions). We stayed in a deluxe room costing $145 AUD/night, which in my opinion is on the costly side, even though it is supposed to be budget boutique. The rooms were an average size,not large, but not small. The bathroom was better (just as in the candid review photographs posted), but the shower did not have a door/curtain and water did get everywhere- there is a drain, but still not ideal at all. Also the fridge is in the bathroom, which I thought could be a hazzard since water got everywhere!I think this is a good place if you are coming with a group of friends and stay in a family room, as these rooms are larger and are overall alot cheaper (in fact they cost only a few dollars more than the deluxe room), but I dont reccommed otherwise. There is also a bar in the reception area, but this closes very early around 6pm.... luckily there is a liquor store next door if you need, and lots of convience stores for food. In the end though the appearance is more budget than boutique. I ended up feeling that I would have been better off staying in a 3/4* near the CBD for the same price.

was it Mexico or the W? Was it Mexico or the W? We are wanting to try another W to see if it was just a local thing or the W.. Yes they are 'whenever wherever'.. had a great concierge to book reservations for trips and reservations..rides to the airport etc.. all very nice.The room and room service was our major issues.. just little things.. light bulb out on desk,two tissues in box,NO drawers to speak of... seriously it was two four inch high 14 inch .. How two people could stay there for longer than a few days is beyond me.. we had to live out of our suitcases.No bottle opener when we wanted a beer.. water one day..never again until one hour before we checked out.. no lotion.. They had upgraded us to a suite.I was so excited about the tub.. but there is no tub spout ..just the rain shower head and the stopper didnt work...:(Roomservice..agh.. we filled out the card they left on our pillow.. at 7:45 we peeked out the door in the morning. it was. sadly to say still on the door(even though it said to put out by 2;30 am and we had done so at 10pm.. well a call to whatever whenever we said we had to leave by 8;30.. they didnt seem to really get the card still here thing..and oddly enough we never got another on our bed.. had someone forgotten to tell the maid they werent doing it anymore? Anyway they rallied... Next day we called it in .. but got herbal tea instead of black.. oh yes and the first day grape juice instead of grapefruit.. which WAS on the menu.. not grape.. well thats it.. oh yes one last thing.. the 8 inch gap in the curtains.. The walls area almost all glass. even in the toilet room..It was bright all night and in my face in the moring.. wish I had brought some duct tape! thats it.. would I stay there again...no..I like all the nice touches...and things that go smoothly for that price... would rather have that than being cool. But i will try a W elsewhere..

Thank you to Brian Stiglets and the staff at the Bestwestern!!! Recently I had the pleasure of Staying at the Bestwestern Inn at Longwood for an extended stay due to an illness, I needed to be near the hospitals. The hotel went above and beyond to make sure that my stay was comfortable considering the circumstances of my illness. I have never met a more accommodating staff in all of my years of travel. I will forever be grateful for the wonderful service I recieved ~ it made a tough time pleasureable!! Thank you to Brian Stiglets the GM and his staff for everything!!!

Wonderful hotel! Can't beat Iberostar when it comes to service and entertainment My wife and I (ages 33 and 35) just returned from our 8 day stay at the Iberostar Dominicana. This is our 5th stay at an Iberostar resort, and from now on we have sworn ourselves to this chain. We have tried the Palladium resorts, Riu chain resorts, and also the Club Med resorts, and nothing can top the Iberostars!Service is OUTSTANDING and the staff is always happy and willing to meet your needs. I was generous in tipping the staff because they went well out of their way to meet the guests' needs like I have never seen before. I was always handed a drink with a smile. They always seemed happy to be there, not miserable like some staff at other hotels have been.Pools were exceptionally clean. Staff raked the beaches every morning for any seaweed that might have washed up. They were always picking cups up around the pool area. The grounds are absolutley pristine and its amazing how meticulously the grounds are cared for. There are always workers outside maintaining the grass, bushes, trees, flowers, etc. There are constantly activities going on if you like to keep busy, but if you'd rather watch or just sit back and relax...then there is always plenty of room to do that too! I promise you won't go wrong in booking this hotel!!!

excellent location with great views Stayed for 3 nights over Christmas and upgraded to a junior suite with fantastic views over Paris including the Eiffel Tower. Suite had excellent wardrobe/cupboard space, good lighting, very comfortable large Queensize bed and superb bathroom with bath and separate shower with water jets. Really outstanding buffet breakfast for which you pay extra but well worth it. Location in Montmartre just right-lots of little shops/bars/restaurants close by with bus and metro stops short walk.Staff could not be more helpful and spoke excellent English. Would definitely stay again.

Would Stay Here Again! We stayed here two days at the end of a nine-day trip to New York in April. I had been unable to get a room at the Beacon for the entire time, so we compromised by splitting our stay between two hotels. I wish I had made reservations earlier so that we could have stayed here the whole time!I was in a funk at first because I had lost my camera somewhere between hotels, but the staff was sympathetic and friendly. The room was very comfortable, and it had a mini-kitchen with basic utensils. It is only a short way to the subway or bus, and there were many interesting restaurants and shops in the neighborhood. You could walk to Central Park!Best of all, there is a wonderful market right across the street that has a large selection of food. In their health food section their granola section was the largest I've ever seen.We were on the eighth or ninth floor, and in the morning I woke up to find sunlight streaming in the window. Seeing this, I suddenly realized that in the previous hotel, where we had also stayed on the eighth or ninth floor, the buildings around us were so high that we never got direct light while we were in the room and we often thought that the day was overcast until we got out to the sidewalk to find that it was actually a clear day. Again, I would like to comment on the friendly staff. When you came into the lobby there was always someone who smiled instead of being annoyed that you were just another tourist. That made a great difference!

Basic Tourist Hotel Clean and plain but quite adequate. Our room was relatively small but we had a nice view across Tokyo and we could see Tokyo Tower in the distance. There were many inexpensive restaurants and many shops in the multi-level shopping center adjacent. There was a convenient supermarket across the street from the hotel on one side. For anime fans, there is a tall Ani-Mate (sp?) building across the street on another side and related businesses.This is actually in Ikebukuro suburb of Tokyo, but it is a short walk to the train station.We stayed there two days as part of a package tour, and there were crowds of other tourists there- not just Americans.

Why didnt I find you earlier I cant believe it took us so long to find this oasis . From the minute i walked in the door and was greeted by the staff I knew i would never stay anywhere else .It was a wonderful place and I couldnt believe that it was so close to everything yet once you were inside it was a haven from the frantic Times Square . It had so many lovely touches the lady playing the piano on Friday evening , The way the staff remembered who you were . The evening check for new towels .I have been to New york many times but never felt so pampered and cared for . The room was small but just perfect for our needs and spotless . I would recommend this hotel to anyone who wants more than a bed to sleep on.

Excellent holiday base Just back from 8 days at this hotel . The staff were excellent as were the rooms . The concierge was very helpful and never phased by our requests . We were a party of twelve and we all felt that this hotel was excellent. Room service was prompt, taxis readily available . Plenty of places to walk to . I have stayed in other hotels but this was my fourth visit and I was gald to see that since 9/11 it had lost none of its charm on reopening

Relaxing Get-Away My Hubby and I stayed at this resort from 05/16-05/23 and had a wonderful relaxing time. We were early risers and pretty much got what ever spot we wanted either by the pull or on the beach. As many of the reviews have stated, there are many Palapalas with shading (more were going up when we left) and the staff was constantly getting us drinks. This all depends on where you sit though, if you are close to a bar, it is most likely that you wont have service, but where we sat we never had a problem getting a drink (tip a dollar or two and service is out of this world). Johnny P at the front bar in the lobby is outstanding and if there is a drink you want he will figure it out.As for the food, make sure to book the Gourmet Restaraunt La Sablia, outstanding. You can also ask for two lobster tails : ) with butter. The steakhouse was okay and so was the seafood restaraunt. We met a couple that loved the Japanese Restaraunt La Padoga?? (please excuse the spelling). As for the buffets, there are lots of choices and mostly cater to the international taste bud, however if you are like me, I stuck with the pasta station and bread, and my hubby stuck with hamburgers and hotdogs.. lol.As for the shops down at the other end of the beach, we bargained our butts off, it was quite funny, to get cuban cigars, oops dominican cigars we got a box for 15 bucks.... T-shirts we paid about 6 bucks and a rather large dominican tote bag for $10. You have to bargain and if they say no, walk away and they will chase you down the strip. DO NOT buy cigarettes from there you can get them at the duty free in the airport for $23, unless you can get them cheaper than that.Hubby and I went on the deep sea excursion with Gone Fishing, make sure to get Manuel, as we caught many fish and make sure to bring dramamine, I lost my sea legs and being an ex Navy girl, that is not suppose to happen.. lolOverall, the hotel and staff were wonderful, tipping the person that cleans your room goes along way for extra water, beer, soda and towels.

Love it, Love it, Love it!!! View from our balcony by day

Great deal on Priceline We had one night in Amsterdam and wanted to be close to everything so this hotel was great. A five minute walk from Central Station and right on the tram line to the Van Gogh museum and the Rijksmuseum. And a ten minute walk from the Anne Frank house. The staff were very helpful and friendly, the hotel itself was ver nice. Definitely four star, also a decent size room for Europe. We got a Sunday night on Priceline for $100.

Excellent value, good location We stayed for 3 nights as part of a package. Was not too impressed to find we were staying in a Travelodge but was pleasantly surprised. Excellent location - only short walk to harbour and transport. Good room/bathroom - recently refurbished.

Excellent airport hotel. Arrived in Miami Airport and phoned hotel from courtesy phones in luggage hall. Courtesy bus arrived about 10 minutes later. Room was excellent with the most comfortable bed and plenty of toiletries. Breakfast buffet next morning was good value.We decided to go to collect our car (off airport) before checking out. We asked if the courtesy bus went anywhere near the car hire depots and they made a special journey to drop us off.

Good Budget Choice for San Francisco Just spent 4 nights at this hotel with my 26 year old daughter. I chose the property because it was one of the only choices (combining air hotel) that had a room with 2 double beds as an option for a good price. Front desk staff were very efficient. We arrived in the early morning and they had us in our room by 11:00am. Our room, on the 5th floor, was just fine. A little dated perhaps, but clean with comfortable mattresses and pillows. No problem with the location as we purchased 3 day MUNI passes and the hotel is on the corner of 2 busy streets (Van Ness and Geary). We took the BART from the airport to the Civic Center and walked the rest of the way (about 13 blocks). The beginning of the California cable car line is close and easy to get on without waiting. We walked to Union Square the first day. Had one dinner at the hotel and it was nicer than expected. Staff throughout this hotel were pleasant and helpful (front desk, bell boy, cleaning staff, waiters) and our checkout took seconds. Took the shuttle back to the airport as it was reasonable. Cathedral Hill Hotel delivered as a good budget choice. (I have stayed in the tiny rooms around Union Square on previous trips.) Shopping in SF is fabulous and I would rather spend my money that way! If you are going in September 2008, be sure to see the Frida Kahlo show at the MOMA, ending on the 28th.

Great Hotel - Great Value! Great coffe shop in Leidesplein

Great Value for New York Stayed 2 nights April found the hotel to be very friendly. We arrived at 8.30am just expecting them to store our luggage which they did no problem but also told us to go ahead and have breakfast which is a very good extended buffet served in a lovely lounge The bedroom was clean but small and very noisy being at the front of the hotel. The safe did not work they did try to repair it but they do have safety boxes at reception no charge for them The friendly staff and breakfast make this hotel an ideal stay in New York not to mention the great location We travelled from JFK to Penn Street by Airtrain and Metro from Howard Beach $7 each walked from Penn Street to hotel Metro

Not what expected After expecting luxury 4*, we had leaking bathrooms, toilets that did not flush - including the public toilets, which were constantly overflowing, no fixtures or fittings in bathrooms, (we had two rooms as we had to change, after a flooding of water on bathroom floor), we were completely disappointed with the accomodation. Overall the rooms, we saw quite a few, are in need of refurbishment, the pictures in the brochure and online are nothing like where you stay, they are grubby. The Entertainment was very repetative, all by some nights embrassing the audience with going on stage doing pathetic games, it was just dancing the same dance to different music everynight. The food, was never hot, never had enough plates, and not enough variety. We were glad to be going home on the 31st Dec as on the 2nd Jan the hotel was 10% overbooked, which was going to be a huge problem. A lot of the guests were already unhappy and were changing hotels. After going to peurto plato in april 06, we have been very put off going back to DR. On a positive note, the pool and beach so close to one another is very nice even though the location is a little remote. In a nutshell, our advice is DONT GO!! Find somewhere else, there are alot of other nice places to go in DP.!!

Beautiful Resort...For Couples The beach as viewed from the poolside

Won't be returning to stay here! The best thing about this hotel is the location, a short walk to Vondelpark (great little cafe called 'Small Talk' just around the corner from Van Gogh museum) Leidseplein, in a safe area and close to the trams. Contrary to previous reviews we found the staff quite helpful (on arrival our bags were carried up the steep stairs!). I can't recommend the hotel for the following reasons... the first room we stayed in was not clean, walls need to be painted (also true of second room we stayed in), the shower did not work properly, no hand towels during the entire stay, bed linen was clean but old and worn, no lift, breakfast very poor standard and overcrowded seating arrangements, overpriced and not good value for money. Despite best efforts of the hardworking staff I don't believe this hotel deserves 3 star status. We have stayed in many 3 star hotels and guesthouses throughout Europe (including Amsterdam) that are of a much higher standard than this.

Getting what you request My husband and myself are frequent travellers to Singapore and most times stay at the Stamford - mostly because of its location. We have been there around 5 or 6 times so far and apart from the first time, have found every subsequent visit quite disappointing to start with.We always request a non-smoking room with 1 king or queen bed, on a high floor and usually pay for a harbour view room. However, on almost all of our stays, we get told that either there are no non-smoking rooms left or no rooms with 1 bed. This is despite reservations being made months in advance. On a couple of occasions the rooms have been extremely 'tired' with old and stained furniture. After complaining, we usually get moved to another room - however, this is not the best way to start your holiday. When hotels take your booking and requests they should make sure they allocate you the appropriate room that you pay for when you arrive. Having said that, we do like the large rooms of the Stamford, the location, balconies and the breakfast that is usually included! Yes we would stay there again - but we always check in with bated breath hoping that we get the proper room and amenities that we book and not have to move around from room to room.

Big rooms Location: Near the train Station about 5-10mins walkReceptionist: Friendly and able to provide informationRooms: The room was spacious and the toilet was spotlessly clean. The decor of the room was however on the 70sor 80s era. But its does look nostalgic. The pillows are not fluffy but is didn really bother me. Nice simple hotel.

Not Far from Train Station Stayed there for 1 night before heading off to Belgium. The hotel is about 5 mins walk from the train station. Good location if you are travelling by train to your next destination. The cafe has a nice train theme. The breakfast fair was just average..nothing to fancy. I booked a triple room, the size of the room was small and the bathroom did not have a shower curtain so after a shower the entire bathroom will be wet. Overall, had a good experience.The rooms were clean and the receptionist was friendly. Would recommend it to traveller who won't be spending too much time in the room.

Loved it By the Beach

clean and helpful staff Stayed there in June. The desk staff were very accommodating. Spoke English well. Very clean room, altho' somewhat small but with a large well-equipped bath. The location was a short walk to the Sagrada Familia but not near anything else. Excellent value.

Perfectably Acceptable hotel Stayed at this hotel for two nights stop before travelling to Hawaii. Did check the bed for bed bugs and not a sign! We were in room 404 which was to the front of the property but used to living in a busy city so noise was not a problem. Room and bathroom large and good shower pressure. Could do with an update but my main concern is that a room is clean, which it was. Staff at the front desk were very helpful. We wanted to buy a digital camera and they pointed us in the right direction (Bestbuys) and we got a great bargain compared to UK prices. Didn't eat in the hotel at all but did have a drink in the bar (also very friendly staff). Had breakfast in Bob's, just down from the church which was used to film Sister Act. Great when you are awake at 0530! The next morning we had breakfast in Mel's Drive In which was like something out of Grease and excellent. Only 15 mins walk from Hollywood HIghland which has a few restaurants. Would recommend the Pig and Whistle pub which do great food as well - also not far from the hotel. Tip for UK travellers - didn't realise you need to show ID in most shops if using a visa card. Even for a meal they sometimes asked. Ended up having to carry the passports about with us, just in case. Dot Iain, Edinburgh, Scotland

FABULOUS RESORT!!! I read trip advisor frequently and also travel much.....business and pleasure. I became a bit skeptical after my husband and I had booked an unbelievably cheap deal for 5 nights at the El Con. After reading many of the terrible reviews, we decided not to expect alot. BOY WE WERE WRONG!We are currently on our third night here and are still astounded. EVERYONB has been super friendly, but I believe you get what you give. MY hubby says I could strike up a conversation with a tree!We rented a car and drove from the airport...traffic the entire way. When we got here...heaven! Upon checkin, I sucked up to the front desk person. I asked him if he was the Alex I had read about who was so nice. Funniest thing......both front desk people named ALEX! After laughing, I said it would be wonderful to have a king bed with coeanfront view. He said that was possible, but an extra $70/night. I slipped him a $20, and he went in the back, returned a moment later, and said we would get a special private upgrade from the hotel.Bellman takes us to our room in the Las Brisas wing....and my husband's jaw drops! Magnificent view and very nice newly decorated room. Very large dressing area, sunken tub, walk-in closet. Separate sitting area. GREAT COMFORTABLE BED!Had a massage this morning at The Golden Door Spa....a must do! I had the 50 minute Golden Door massage...best ever. We have eaten at Caribe Cafe twice and it has been fine. Also ate lunch at the Green Iguana on Palimino Island....very good.Palamino island is super and beautiful.Anyone who wrote a bad review was either an inexperienced traveler or doesn't know how to get what they want. Don't complain.....be nice and ask for what you want. Don't come here if you are on a nickel and dime budget....it is not that type of a resort. Enjoy...enjoy.....we will surely be back!!!

Nothing to crow about My husband and I stayed here one night, The room was very small with two double beds. There was hardly enough room to open the luggage carrier. I will say the room was clean and nicely appointed. I asked for a king size bed upon check in and was told by a very snooty front desk person that was not possible. No southern hospitality here! Bathroom tiny also.New Orleans is a very very sad place after the storms. We used to love coming to the city before, but will never stay at this hotel again.

OK...if you are staying there comped by Harrah's The hotel has not been renovated since Katrina except for linens. It is clean but could use an updating. The restaurant menu is limited. Some staff are fine, while others ignore the guest completely. I stayed there complimentary, but doubt I would pay for the room

Location can't be beat! My sister and I stayed at the NH City Centre for 2 nights in July 2005.If you're travelling from the Schipol airport to this hotel, be sure to take the Connexions shuttle bus service from outside the airport arrivals - 17.50euros for a return ticket and they drop you right outside the door to the hotel! You can book your return pick-up time at the Hotel reception.We arrived at the hotel at 11am so didn't expect a room to be ready, they did hold our luggage for us until 3pm though. Apparently all the hotel rooms differ in size so I can't directly compare our room, it was a fair size for the two of us for two nights, but I wouldn't want to stay for much longer in such a small room. However it was spotlessly clean, the beds were very comfy, nice modern decor, the shower was powerful and noise from other guests wasn't a major problem.The best feature of the hotel is the location - 10 mins from Dam Square and the Royal Palace, 3 mins from Flower Market, 10 mins from Leidseplein, 10 mins from Anne Frank's house (walking distances) - we didn't get a bus or tram anywhere because we were so central to everything.They definately need more reception staff at this hotel as whenever we needed to visit reception we had to wait 5/10 mins (even just to re-programme our room key as it wouldn't let us in).I would recommend this hotel to anyone who wants a clean, comfortable and affordable base to explore gorgeous Amsterdam!I will be back one day!

Love the Roosevelt My Mother and I stayed at the Roosevelt March 3-6. We absolutely loved it! Check-in went smoothly and we had no problem with the girls at check-in. They were helpful and friendly. We were suppossed to have a cabana room but there was some confusion with our reservation and our room was given away. We were accomodated with a room on the 12th floor overlooking Graumans Chinese Theater with the hollywood sign in the background. I definately recommend it. We couldn't have asked for better. The room we had was big and we loved the decor. The old lobby is dark but I agree that it adds to the mystique and style of the hotel. We ate at 25 degrees a couple times and LOVED it. Make sure to eat there. It is a bit pricey but worth the money for the best burger I have ever had. We were staying in the hotel during the premier for the movie 300, which was at Graumans. It was exciting to watch the red carpet from our room. The post-premier party was at our hotel on the old lobby floor. They were setting up for most of the day and shut off access from the elevators to this floor. That was a bit of a pain but that's the Roosevelt. Staying at the roosevelt you just have to understand that a lot of events are held there.The pool area and tropicana bar are beautiful. I am sure the cabana rooms and great to stay in too.

Lovely Hotel Cannot speak highly enough of The London Bridge Hotel. Our room was delightful, the service was brilliant and the breakfast was superb. Stayed for three nights in July and wished it was longer!!! Thanks to all staff.

Treat yourself You should Indulge yourself periodically and the Library hotel is a great place to do it. From the fun premise (rooms furnished according to the Dewey Decimal system) to the great location, and helpful librarians, it's a delight. Sparkling clean rooms, all day snacks-even champagne, charming roof deck and a late check out time, what more could you want?

Convenience Close to bus and cable car routes. Use the $18 Muni pass and forget about a car. Rooms were small but comfortable. Lots of pillows and environmentally friendly china coffee cups. Breakfast room was always very crowded and could use more seats. We only saw one little elevator but it was quick and never busy. Maybe we just didn't find the others. Enjoyed our stay.

Basic Nothing Special I am just back from a visit to Berlin. The city of Berlin is a lovely place to see and I would go back again someday but not to Hotel Agon Frankfurter Allee. I went with my husband and arrived in Schofeld Airport on Saturday 11th Novenber 2006. We decided to get the Train as we felt this would be the closest stop to our destination. The thing to be aware of is that the hotel is in the east of germany and so things there are basic. You will know the difference straight away when you travel to the west. The train station is about five minutes walk from the airport and you just have to follow the crowd, very easy to find it is sign posted in the airport. The train tickets are cheap. You can buya day trip ticket for about 5 to 6 euro per person and it is well worth it. if you want to stay around the city a and b are ok but if you want to travel further then buy a ticket for districts a, b and c. The hotel is basic. I was very disappointed with the false advertising. The hot breakfast is hard bolied eggs and sausages one day and hard boiled eggs and scrambled eggs another day. They do supply a cold buffet and you will manage on that but it's not too exciting. There is no food available in the hotel other than breakfast. The reception desk is a section of the bar. It is really small and there is very little room for a number of guests to sit and enjoy a drink. No tea and coffee facilities in the bedrooms at all. There were two single beds pushed together to make a double and the mattresses are made of foam. If you have a back problem like me you will be in pain I can assure you of that. The temperature in the bedroom is always kept very warm so you will not be complaining of the cold in the room. Most of the staff are friendly and they will order a taxi if you need it. Another thing to be very aware of is that the hotel is stated to be in quiet residential area. The area is rough and you will be very aware of that when you get there. The picture of the hotel on the web site looks lovely. The bedroom on the web site is far from what you will be staying in when you get there. It just does not compair with reality. You have to go off the street through an arch way to find the front door of the hotel. On the street it is filthy everywhere. I would advise you to eat before you go back to the hotel at night instead of going back out to look for a restaurant. In the city you will find many nice places to eat. But closer to the hotel they are not so plentyful. I feel the hotel is certainly not a three staras advertised. I would suggest staying in west side instead. If you do the city trip for 20 euros per person you will see Checkpoint Charlie where you can get your passport stamped for 2 euros. You can also have your photo taken with USA soldiers at checkpoint Charlie for 1euro. Go to Subway opposite Checkpoint Charlie to eat. You can get Pizza or Pasta dishes all fro only 3euros. For those of you who like shopping. Go to the Galeria at Alexanderplaz, it is a huge and wonderful department store, just amazing I promise you. You will see it when you come out of the train station. C and A is also there too. I hope what I have written helps. After all this Berlin is a city we will certainly visit soon again. Pauline

Friendly in all aspects 4th Street: The Mosser Hotel

Excellent hotel and service We stayed for one night and were extremely impressed by the hotel - room excellent and service fantastic - Julia in particular was a great help and recommended a really good restaurant for the evening. Would recommend to anyone.

Would go back Would definitely go back and also recommend it. We had read mixed reviews after booking and were a bit wary about going. However we were very pleasantly surprised. We arrived and check in was excellent very fast and efficient. When the receptionist realised we were staying for 7 nights she gave us an executive room. The room was very spacious with sitting area. ALL of the staff were exceptional, always very courteous and polite. Breakfast was included and it set us up for the day. The hotel is in the Theatre district and close to Times Square and Central Park. There are some very good pub/restaurants nearby. Thanks Hampton Inn we will be back!

Fantastic Holiday Beach passed the Royal side

Affinia 50 - Great Hotel My friend and I stayed for 4 nights at the Affinia 50 hotel recently and really enjoyed our stay there. We were in a studio suite which was a large room with 2 queen beds and it's own kitchen area. The fridge was very useful for keeping drinks in and being able to make a cup of tea in the morning was great.The staff were very helpful at the hotel, the concierge helped us book a Sex and The City tour and remembered us the following day telling us to enjoy the tour which was a nice touch. The front desk and bell staff were always friendly and helpful as well.The hotel is in a great location and walking to the Rockefeller Center, Times Square and 5th Avenue was really easy. Don't forget to try the wine and cheese on the 2nd floor between 6 and 7 Mon-Thurs, we were only able to enjoy this once but it was very nice.We would highly recommend the New York Luncheonette for breakfast which is just a few doors up the street from the hotel and served great food for a reasonable price. The continental breakfast at the hotel in comparison was $15 which we didn't bother to try.

Great time in Barcelona My mum and I stayed at the Barcelona Universal Hotel earlier this month for 5 nights. The hotel was very nice, our room was modern and clean with a large bathroom. The extras provided in the bathroom, toothbrush, shoe shine, etc were useful. The in-room electronic safe deposit box was a great addition and meant our valuables were safe every day. We had breakfast included so we enjoyed a nice continental breakfast each day, although the it would have cost otherwise was a bit expensive. The staff at reception were helpful and gave us directions to the Ramblas and advice on walking in the area. They also cashed our Euro travellers cheques which was great as nowhere in Barcelona would take them, we had expected a big city like that to have taken them as cash as is done in the USA.I had some concerns about the area after reading other reviews but he had no problems at all. The street that we used to get to the Ramblas wasn't that nice but we walked down it at approx 10.30pm one night and no-one bothered us.We would recommend the La Quinze Nits restaurant in Placa Reial for a cheap, high quality meal, but be prepared to queue for at least 30 minutes to get in at night. Two 3 course meals with wine and juice was around and the food was delicious. Another nice place to eat was Cafe Moka on the Ramblas, very nice tapas! Do not bother using La Poma restaurant which is attached to the Hotel Royal on the the Ramblas. The food is overpriced and we had bread and olives dumped on our table with no chance to refuse them. Even though they were clearly untouched we had added to our bill for them, we spoke to the manager and after some disagreement with us he eventually removed it from the bill, we did not leave a tip!We used the Metro a lot towards the end of our trip, a day ticket was and when you're getting tired walking around it's very convenient to just jump on a train. Most of the main attractions have a Metro stop beside them but the open top tour bus was also a great way to see the city from above ground. We really enjoyed the fountain show just off Placa Espanya, it was very busy and a great atmosphere.

Amazing Hotel, Highly Recommended, Would stay here again and again We stayed at the Sofitel New York hotel in early December for 4 nights, this was our first visit to New York and we wanted to book a special hotel that was in the right location for ease of getting around. The Sofitel seemed to fit the bill.We really couldn't have chosen a better hotel, the Sofitel New York is amazing, what an entrance. We can see why it is rated No.1 on TripAdvisor!We'd recommend that you pay that bit extra for one of the Deluxe rooms which are located on Floors 15-29. Our room was on the 21st floor, the view was good view and it was very quiet. It was a good size room, the marble bathroom with it's seperate shower was lovely. In all a spacious room. The beds are so comfortable, you'll get the best sleep ever!The hotel is in the ideal location for getting around easily, you are never far from shops, restaurants etc.The hotel staff are all very helpful, the bar is a cosy place to enjoy a drink or two. We really couldn't find any faults with the Sofitel New York.The complimentary web access and printer located in the main lobby are a great touch, as we found it very useful on our last night, as it meant we could check-in online for our flights back home and print out our boarding passes. Saving us time in the queues at JFK.Concierge at the hotel is excellent, we asked for recommendations on nearby restaurants, we were given a list but one of those was Keen's Steakhouse on West 36th Street, what a meal we had, the service was the best we've received anywhere and the food was amazing. If you appreaciate good food and wine, you really should go to Keen's.The Doormen are friendly attentive. On our last day, we were offered a private hire car back to JFK for $60. Compared with $45(ish) for a Yellow cab, we decided to go for it. What a good choice! It was a great way to end our trip. We travelled in a luxury black people carrier, a Chrysler we think. The driver was friendly, gave us free bottled water and it was a very comfortable and stress free drive to the airport.Rather than have breakfast at the hotel, we had breakfast at the Diner along the road, turn right at the front entrance to the hotel, heading towards 6th avenue. It's a great wee place, busy but great service, and the breakfast menu is vast. We tried various items each day and we never left disappointed or hungry.Overall a wonderful hotel, we have recommended it to friends family, and we will personally be staying at this hotel when we return to New York.

Great hotel for the money Can't beat the Warwick for cost in Seattle. We were forced to stay here after our power was out for over a week at home. Being a native I know Seattle. The location was great, 3 blocks up from Pike Place, just a 4 or 5 blocks over from the Space Needle. We got the winter special, and got a corner room with a direct view of the needle, and Lake Union to the right, on the 15th floor for $100/night. The hotel was renovated, but there is still plenty left from the original 1984 building. The windows are old, and a bit drafty, the street noise, as in all big cities, is constant. We turned up the heat and did just fine. They offer all the things an expensive hotel does, witha great view, for a great price. We would definately stay there again, I'm not going to pay 200/night + to stay anywhere else in Seattle, when the Warwick is available.The restaurant next door, Assiago, was not worth the money, despite reading a good review we were disappointed. There are many better places to eat nearby.

Great hotel in a great location! Our room

Beautiful hotel but ... This is a beautiful hotel but when something goes wrong I would question the ability of management to deal with problems dispite the absolute courtesy displayed. We recently stayed for 5 nights having booked directly with the hotel as we were asured they could provide the connecting rooms desired as we were travelling as a family. On arrival we could not be given the connecting rooms as they had been 'given away the previous night as the hotel was fully booked'. We agreed to the offer of upgraded non-connecting rooms, with the option of moving to the connecting rooms the next day, but on checking the rooms only one was an upgrade and the other reeked of smoke. Moving to another two rooms caused a delay of another half hour (having already spent a considerable lenght of time at the reception desk) as one had to be cleaned in a hurry. How well this was cleaned became evident the next morning. When using the shower a previously used bar of soap with hair embedded was found! Requesting the rooms to be throughly cleaned we opted to stay put as it was just too inconvenient to move - enough time on the first evening of our holiday had been wasted. All our complaints were dealt with in the most courteous manner but we were still left with a bad taste in the mouth. It is a beautiful hotel but ....

Great Hotel This is my second visit to this hotel and my experience was just as good as the last!! The hotel is situated in a quiet street away from all the bustle but a short distance from all the main tourist attractions. The rooms are small , however the standard of cleanliness throughout the hotel is excellent, the breakfast whilst expensive was very good, breakfast staff was friendly and helpful.I sampled the wine from the bar on a couple of occassions as the weather was bad,again it was good.

Good location, clean rooms, helpful staff, but... The triple room (room number 14) was in the ground floor of the main building and had both good and negative features. The decoration was nice and the room was clean. However, what was not mentioned anywhere was the not so nice view to the backyard and trashcans. The same backyard was used by a restaurant from the opposite building and the staff had their cigarrette breaks behind our window so we had to keep the drapes closed all the time to avoid feeling like animals in the zoo. Also, they were emptying the trashcans and pouring empty bottles (a lot of them...) from one trashcan to another, which made a lot of noise. According to the hotel staff this never happens before 10 am but during our stay the noise started after 8 am already. So forget about sleeping late in the morning (at least in room 14), it is impossible.Most of the hotel staff was very helpful, first our room was freezing and when we mentioned this, they brought us an extra heater within 5 minutes. Also most of the lampbulbs were broken and it was rather dark in our room (also because we had to keep the drapes closed pretty much all the time), they fixed the bulbs too right after we told them. The quad rooms where in another buildning and they were ok. Definitively better beds and pillows than in the triple room. Free internet. The only little problem with this was an elderly lady who occupied the computer for a whole day to herself.

Great location for night before a cruise Front of hotel (in the rain!)

Most comfortable beds ever! We had a deal through a travel agent so the value for money wasnt an issue for us. The views from the room was amazing, the beds were absolute heaven with a ridicolous amount of cushions that you would never use but still happy they were there anyway.The cleaning of our room was done everyday and impeccable. The hotel pool is ok, but the gym equipment abit worn.The only downside i could pick was the reception desk, usually waiting half an hour at the min anytime you were there.

Just Plain Perfect!!! Me and my boyfriend have just stayed at the Derag Hotel Grosser Kurfuerst in Berlin.... It was brilliant... just what we needed, nothing too over the top, just a great base for our travels. We are students on our summer break, we stayed for 3 nights in a basic double bed room.The hotel is literally next to the underground (dont worry you cannot hear a thing, and we were the closest room to it) which is great when your tired after a great day of sightseeing and all you want to do is chill out :)The hotel is situated in a quiet businessy area, it is easy to access the whole of berlin within a few minutes.The rooms are nicely presented, spacious, comfortable, have good facilites, large bathroom, nice choice of tv channels, and dont smell funny. The overall hotel has nice decor. We did not eat in the hotel at all, but from the look of things, it did not seem too expensive. We opted to eat out in touristy places and sightsee while doing so.My only moans are.......that we had no control over air-conditioning, but to be honest, they are not stupid, we went in a heat wave, so they turned the AC up, when it got colder they turned it down... no compliants really. Oh, and also bring hair conditioner and shampoo, the bathroom facilities are good, but it is just an all in one body wash, and shampoo thing. Also, it was a bit annoying that a 'double' really means two single beds put together, it tends to take away the intimacy, and they just give you two single duvets rather than one double duvet.MY TIPS FOR BERLIN and THIS HOTEL IN GENERAL:1. Check maps - undergound and overground are fairly easy but just check which direction you want to go in.2. Don't bother with Checkpoint Charlie - its a fake! Literally...3. Dont bother eating in - go out and see the world.... this includes beakfast! its cheap but filling!4. Alexanderplatz nearby has some nice hidden restaurants5. Go to the Sony Centre Cinema - english, massive, cheap and rarely crowdedNeway Go to this Hotel its Brilliant.... just what we wanted

Stylish, convenient, great service, great stay! Stylish hotel within a stone throw from the subway station. Interesting elevators and nice decors in the room. Everyone was friendly and couldn't do enough for you. Loved the contemporary design. Couldn't believe we were in Europe when we paid only 120 euro a night high season for this kind of quality. You can't even get this in Asia anymore. A couple of minor issues. Free internet but it hardly work in the room. the glass door by the tub is a bit small so the floor gets all wet after shower.

Service average and way too pricey This hotel could not be in a better location in Florence. It is right in the main square; like many other reviews have stated. The main issue with this hotel are the prices from the rooms, to the drinks and food. Everything is extremely expensive. Let me add as other reviewers have that the rooms aren't spectacular either. They are pretty average and the larger ones are too expensive to justify the price. My husband and I got a great deal from a friend of ours that assisted us with the booking. We wouldn't have stayed at this hotel and paid the regular rates unless there was more amentities in the room. Also, when we were having dinner at the hotel restaurant, the waiter spilled my husband's drink all over me on accident. Since I was soaked and didn't complain much, we thought they would take the drink and/or service charge off the bill; they didn't. So that told me they are not always aimed for great service but money is what matters most. Overall I would say only stay here if you can get a discount, if not, it is not worth the price.

Overall great place, but don't leave anything behind!! Overall, this was a great place to stay. Most of the staff were extremely friendly and helpful. The food.....AMAZING!! I dont think I've eaten so much in one week my whole life! Personally, I stuck to the buffet restaurant, the a la carte dinners were pretty crappy, in my opinion. The nightly entertainment was lacking, the shows were pretty talentless, but I would blame that on the dancers they hired from france...TERRIBLE!!! The disco played pretty good music, if your into reggaeton, salsa, merengue and bachata....but for those of you who dont know what that music is, your in trouble! Negative: The Language barrier! Most of the staff hardly speak any english, and the most rude staff was the front desk, they have no clue what customer service is. It took us 4 hours to check in, and one night I waited 17 min just to ask the front desk a question, simply because he was flirting with one of the waitresses. Good luck trying to make a phone call home, that was quite the ordeal, it took us 3 days before we were able to call Canada!On, the last day, we packed and headed for the airport, unfortunately my boyfriend remembered he had left is IPOD charging in our room, so the second we got to the airport we called the hotel, big mistake, we shouldnt have wasted the time or the money. They said they would check the room and call us back in 15 minutes, 45 minutes later, we called them back, and they said they hadn't checked the room yet, 30 min later, we called again, and the original man we were dealing with had left. We called again when got back to Toronto and another employee said that they checked and found nothing, but tried to blame the people that checked in after us. We said, the maid would of had to clean before they got there, but he cut us off saying she would never do anything like that. Clearly it was taken by one of the employees, b/c i doubt IPOD's have a new feature that entails growing legs and running away! So we left with a bad taste in our mouth about the hotel.But, in the end, we still had a great time....Just be careful with your valuables! And learn some SPANISH!!!

Good choice My daughter and I stayed at this hotel mid October and it was a really good choice. It is in a good location, just 3 - 5 minutes to the main shopping street. The hotel is very good, with lovely bedrooms and friendly service from front-desk to the dining room which is run by two women chefs. We will stay at this hotel again.On the surface, it appeared to be a really quiet area and hotel, but from approx. 4.30 p.m. the hotel bar just came alive with people meeting after work and others starting their evening. The surrounding restaurants were also very busy with lots of atmosphere.We only stayed two nights in Boston before going to New York which we had visited before. Two nights in Boston is not enough, it is a great city with lots of everything, but so much more refined than NY. We will good back to Boston again without a doubt.

Too big This hotel is situated directly on Times Square. If I remember correctly reception is on the 8th floor, which is quitre a way up to the hotel. Receptionist very nice and efficient.This hotel is like a city, it is far too hectic. It is just rush, rush, rush! The lifts, and there are quite a lot of them, are always overflowing with visitors. However, there is a good system whereby one presses the floor required on a pad approaching the lifts and you are then told which lift to go to, which cuts down the number of stops en-route.We had a delux room on the 40th floor facing Times Square. No noise. This was nicely furnished, and kept clean. No complaints here. Accommodation at this hotel is quite expensive.Had three meals at the hotel and didn't rate the food. However, did not go to the restaurant at the top of the hotel, so cannot comment on this.Would I stay at this hotel again - No. It is too big and no personal touches. Would not stay near Times Square again - it is too busy. Incidentally, I have been to NY previously.

splurge worthy For our family of four, we booked two adjoining corner rooms and now we are spoiled for any other hotel. Both rooms had endless views and were perfectly furnished. It can be quite difficult to find a hotel in Tokyo to accommodate a family, but the MO did so beautifully. My kids pointed our that their twin bedded room was even larger than our corner-king and technically they were right, but ours was quite satisfactory. The staff knows the essence of service and achieves a very high standard in a country that has perfected the art. The only downside to this hotel is that it's located in a business district and there's not much to do in the immediate area. There is, however, a very convenient metro/JR station on the ground level.

A gem Just an ideal London boutique hotel. The right size--so that all amenities are available, the right staff--warm and welcoming, and the right location--overlooking Kensington Park. Our duplex room decorated like a library featured a billards table/dining table (you'd need to see it) and upstairs living area that served as our children's sleeping area. Bathroom was well appointed (though I find those European shower enclosures frustrating). Everynight candy and canapes were delivered and the turn-down service was excellent. Comfy beds. The roll-away beds need some looking after as a couple of them were missing slats. Breakfasts were classic british or continental as you choose. A sweet little bar/conservatory area make a nice nook for a drink or tea. My only significant complaint is that the pool is quite small and seemed over-dosed with chemicals.We'll absolutely return.

Deserves its high ratings It's like having your own apartment in this glorious city. The famiy suite was very generously proportioned, decorated thoughtfully and with sophistication. It's hard to believe it's just a few minutes walk to Piazza San Marco, but it's quiet and peaceful. The staff is totally professional and helpful. Call them as you arrive by train or plane and they'll give the number of the water taxi that knows their location (it's hidden--but in the middle of everything) and they have a boat-up location so it's worth taking advantage of it. We used the kitchen one night and found it well stocked. Having a washer dryer is helpful too, but since it's a euro-model that uses very high heat, it's best used only for your sturdiest clothes. Breakfasts are a typical European assortment of cereal, pastries, cheeses and meat. They'll deliver it to your room if you like, which is a nice touch. My only criticism is that the desk person on duty after 8pm speaks only Italian, so it was a bit difficult to make arrangements sometimes, though he tries hard. We will be booking this again for our next trip to Venice, but I suspect that we'll have to do so far in advance, because it's deservedly popular.

Great service and location! I got a great rate for Sun-Tues 4/23-4/25/06 so I could attend the French Quarter Fest on Sun and celebrate my birthday on Mon. My room was an interior one and very quiet--the room was immaculate and service was great! The manager(John) and the front desk attendant(Velda) were very personable and very helpful. I arrived early in the morning (8am) and the desk clerk that day(didn't catch her name) found me a room that was ready, which I hadn't expected. I would definitely return here. The mattress on my king bed was excellent--got a great night's sleep both nights. After many hours of walking both days, it was definitely appreciated. The location is wonderful--just a half block from Bourbon. I highly recommend this hotel!

Gezellig Nice cosy hotel. Room was small, but nice. Good location and very friendly staff. Really enjoyed my stay there.

Great Experience The Swissotel was as good as Trip Advisor suggested. For only 130 euros, we had a superb room and a most magnificient breakfast each morning. The staff was very helpful, with great dinner recommendations. We recommend booking through the hotel website; rates were lowest there.

The Best Holiday Inn Don't know how you could beat this hotel for a stay at the airport. The front desk was exeptional, the room was large and very confortable, the restaurant was good for dinner and had a wonderful breakfast buffet, and the convenience to the airport was perfect. If you are a Holiday Inn Club member they have 3 special floors, parking at the door, fruit candy in your room, and a special check-in area. First class establishment used by several cruise lines.

Delightful hotel We have just returned from a three night stay at this absolutely charming French hotel. Everything about it was excellent and it certainly deserved a higher rating than three stars. Our superior double room was large, with a beautiful bathroom including a separate toilet. It overlooked the lovely small french street and it was great to watch the world go by. The double glazing was most effective. The reception and breakfast staff were most helpful and the small courtyard would have been a perfect place to sit had the weather been warmer. When we return to Paris, which I am sure we will, we will certainly go back to Hotel de Varenne.

Coconut Coast-Most beautiful place so far Gorgeous Lobby- no a/c

A Lot for a Little Queen Kapiolani Penthouse room

Peaceful and relaxing View from bedroom window

Great location; superior service Great hotel for business purposes. Staff was highly professional, expedient, and competent. At times it seemed as if there was one staff member per guest in the lobby - all ready to help with a nod of your head. Room quality excellent; bedding was very comfortable. Gym accessible via only a few elevators and relatively small (however rarely busy).Sleek, contemporary design in lobby area - amazing flower arrangements - ikebana - if you're interested in that sort of thing. Superb dining choices, particularly if you don't have time to leave the hotel. Excellent spot for business meetings. Small, limited selection of tourist shopping inside; just enough to satisfy someone there for a short stay. Right around the corner from the US Embassy and within walking distance to Roppongi. (That said, try NOT to make Roppongi your only stop should you be a first-time visitor to the city.)

Average stay; mediocre dining While here I stayed on the 30th floor, which made the view from my room quite impressive (even with a mountain view). The room accomodations were pleasant, but the decor was nothing spectacular. Staff was generally helpful and friendly.Traffic in front of the hotel, at least while I was there, was pure maddness. Thank goodness they had valet. Location was convenient, of course, along the main Waikiki strip. The hula show was interesting to see, although the same show was used every night (little variety).Friendly place for Japanese tourists as well; much of the signage, staff, etc. is bilingual.No gym (although I hear one is being built). While I was there they gave out free day passes to a 24-Hour Fitness down the street (not the most convenient).

It's ok, not a 5 star. Stayed in a Junior suite of which was booked with Sunwing. The rooms was big, but the locations of Jr. Suite are next to the front lobby in a hotel of 2 floors., it's not the same has a suite. For what we payed it was not one of the best I have ever stayed at. The food was ok, not a 5 star. The entertainment was terrible need a big improvement.The Beach was the best I have been to in D.R. We travel 2 trips in the winter, been to Cuba 4 times, D.R. Puerto Plata twice and Punta Cana was are second time. For $3600.00 Cdn per couple was too much money. The service was good. The grounds are very clean and big, lots of walking to do. But the trolley is a must at this resort. Would I go back there? No. If you go, make sure you book a Suite not a Jr. Suite. Sunwing flight was delayed 4 hours in Ottawa of which we where not impress.But overall this hotel is ok.

Great Holiday, lots of fun. Stayed from Feb.10 to Feb. 17/06: We travelled 2 couples with Sunwing. A last minute deal came up for us to stay in Suites which was bldg. #7.The room: WOW!!! the room was fantastic: King size bed, Jacuzzi tub, very very big bathroom, the room decor was beautiful but the floors are ceramic titles (a bit cold on the feet). If you take a regular room we will be dispointed because the are terrible, we saw them. So make sure to get a suite. Sunwing also gave us Golf-shirts and bottle of rum in our room. We paid $1450.00 tax Included each, it was worth every dollars.The Food: The food was all good, no complaints for the quality. But the portion at A la Carte restaurants are a bit too small, even for me. My husband had to order double portions to satisfy him.The Night shows at 9:30 every night were good, do not miss the Micheal Jackson Show it's fantastics.They are 8 bars at this resorts. As far as food, if you go beside the pool bar there is food there from 5:00 to 6:30, all the other restaurants are close during that time. To get ready for supper. No you will not be out of food like people stated.The Vendors: Do not pay the price they tell you. Cut down the price from 2/3 or 1/2. We got lots of t-shirts they wanted $18 US, so we got them for $6.USThe Constructions: Is beside the bldg. #1 and #7, why do people complaint it's not that bad. They are building a Casino and it will be finished in 3 months. The Service: No complaints, the staff are very good and pleasant.My husband and I have travelled a lot, yes we do recommend this resorts. We never go back to the same one.

Grreat Hotel in a Lovely City Although we are world travelers we have never been to Tokyo. I found a great package deal on Skyauction.com. It included round trip air from LAX to Narita on Northwest airlines and 7 nights at the Royal Park Hotel that ended up costing us $1644 each. It was advertised as a 4 star hotel but I think it should be 5 stars. Everyone at the hotel was very attentive and friendly, especially the girls at the bell captains desk who helped us make reservations for a trip to Kyoto on the bullet train and get tickets to a Chuck Mangeoini Jazz Concert at the Cotton Club. We had a standard room (not on the executive floor) and it was very nice. 16th floor room with large window that overlooked a large section of the city. Wonderful toiletries in the bathroom. We thought the restaurant prices were high (breakfast was $23, dinner about $100 each) so we ate at neighborhood places, which was much cheaper. The location is wonderful, as the Friendly Airport Limousine Bus terminal is just next door. We took the bus directly from Narita to the station for about $28 each. The porter from the hotel came with a cart to get our luggage. (Use the Royal Park direct line from the bus lobby). The subway is directly under the hotel and we went all over Tokyo on the subway. The hotel sells 1 day passes cheaper than at the station. (about $6). For some cheap eats, McDonalds is in the bus terminal on the 2nd floor. The terminal is immaculate and so are the subways. Very easy to get around and explore Tokyo cheaply. For a great evening, take in a concert at the Cotton Club (near Tokyo station) or go walking in the Ginza area. Take the subway to Ginza. We also booked a 1 day tour on the bullet train to Kyoto (from Tokyo City tours) that included lunch for about $225 each. Great price as we found out that the train tickets (if you buy them yourselves) are more than $275 each. The tour price inluded a lovely lunch at the hotel adjoining the Kyoto train station. (another great place with a 5 star hotel and a beautiful shopping mall). Overall, I thought the hotel was first rate and highly recommend it.Pat and Tom ElliottOrange, California

Would definitely stay here again... My boyfriend and I stayed in the suites from October 8 through the October 10.I thought the suite was fabulous. We had our own kitchen and garden, and the place was spacious and clean. It was very welcoming after a long day of walking and sightseeing - seemed like coming home to our own studio apartment!The location is great... Chelsea is in lower Manhattan, close to all the places we wanted to go. The subway is three blocks away from Chelsea Lodge, which is very convenient. The neighborhood is quiet and has lots of restaurants and shops nearby.I would definitely recommend Chelsea Lodge due to the nice staff (they allowed us to leave our luggage after check out to give us more time in the city), the location, and cleanliness.

What a Great Hotel! Don't understand the complaints on this website about this hotel. We stayed here for two nights in late August and loved everything about it. First, the location was great. It was within walking distance of both the waterfront and Pike Place Market, and we could easily take the monorail to the Space Needle. (There are hills in Seattle, so if you have someone with you who has trouble walking, you may want to consider taking a bus or taxi.) Both the lobby and the room were nicely decorated, and the staff was very helpful. Being on Pioneer Square meant that we could go next door or right across the street to get a drink and/or something to eat. Of course, we didn't walk through the square at night because of the street people who hung out there, but that's just common sense. We were never bothered by anyone, and because this hotel is so well located we were able to easily enjoy this great city. If you're worried about street noise, call the hotel directly and ask for an interior room. We had an interior king and it was very quiet. We plan to return to Seattle, and when we do, we'll stay at the Best Western Pioneer Square Hotel again.

Great location my room

Amazing views view from hotel restaurant

Perfect reception lobby

Balestri was the Best

Overall, a positve exoerience Stayed one night at the Magnolia Hotel. Check in went very smooth. Our room was extremely spacious, clean, and comfortable. The only negative we experienced was road noise. I could not believe we could hear it from 20 floors up! Take your earplugs and go experience a historic, yet modern hotel.

Wonderful Hotel, Wonderful Staff Sunrise over the Mediterranean

Loved this hotel!!! There is absolutely a reason this hotel was ranked #2 on the popularity index for Trip Advisory. I booked a standard room online (they offer AAA discounts) and then when we arrived, decided to upgrade to a suite for 1/2 the cost, had I booked the suite directly online. for 368RMB we got a suite, two buffet breakfasts, and happy hour every days (which included a selection of hot and cold food, and alcoholic and non-alcoholic drinks). the concierge and staff in general are excellent. they all speak fantastic english and are extremely friendly and helpful. the location is fantastic - we walked to the forbidden city on two separate days. you are also walking distance to a fun night market where you get to see numerous items 'on a stick' including scorpions... the hotel arranged for a car for us to mutianyu and we had an excellent day on the great wall. i would definitely stay here again and i highly recommend it!!!!

Perfect Location! This hotel was booked for me as a last minute booking due to mis-communications with an original booking at a different hotel. The staff was extremely courteous and helpful even when I had originally booked two nights but only needed one. The room was great with a newly remodeled bathroom. The view wasn't too great, but I was more interested in sleeping than anything else. I had friends staying at the Westin Moana Surfrider and the walk to their hotel was very pleasant, only took about 15 minutes, and I was in the center of Waikiki beach. I would stay there again when passing through Waikiki.

Perfect location My boyfriend and I stayed at the Delle Nazioni hotel for 3 nights and it was a great choice! The hotel is right by the station in Florence so it made going on little day trips very easy. The staff was extremely helpful with anything we needed. We were able to check out later with no problems. The breakfast was much more than was expected with eggs, meats, cheese, rolls, brioches, cereal, coffee machines, juice machines, and much more. We were lucky enough to have a quiet room with a balcony that overlooked the city so it was perfect. The walk to the Duomo is about 10 or 15 minutes but there is much to see on the way there. I would recommend this hotel to anyone going to Florence.

Excellent Excellent location for touring the city. Great facilities, good room, efficient service. Excellent value for money and will certainly stay here again. Can highly recommend it.

Excellent Hotel Stayed at the Avenida Palace for 3 nights arriving New Years Eve. Elegant hotel - nice change from the boutique hotels. Superb location for exploring this beautiful city.

Nice hotel... I only stayed for one night and it was OK. I suppose for what I paid I expected a little more atmosphere but it was Manhattan after all and hotels are expensive. My room was spotlessly clean and quite comfortable. It was a little dark however and I would have liked some natural light but when I opened the shades my room looked straight out into other guests rooms and privacy became an issue. Would I stay there again? Probably.

I'm Going Back For Sure!!! Loved It!! Dario awww

Check out the updated Ares We did not actually book the Hotel Ares, but originally booked with the Eiffel-Seine. Due to last minute problems, the Eiffel-Seine arranged for us to be transferred to the Ares.The hotel is undergoing a major refurb and the rooms have been completed to the highest standards. They are surprisingly genourous for Paris City hotels. We had a big bathroom with huge walk in shower/double bowl sinks/reasonable sized bath and Versace tiles! The bedroom had Plasma screen TV and good range of both domestic and foreign channels. There are some reasobaly priced Bistos within 5 min walk, along with the Metro Station/Sarnie shop/Supermarket/Pizzeria and the Eiffel Tower is only 10 min walk away. At night you can see the tower illuminations from just to the front of the hotel.The only drawback is that there is still some work going on to finish reception and lounge and we were met each day with the fresh smell of paint or turpentine. But to be fair, it didn't interfere with our stay.The reception is managed by friendly multi lingal staff. Breakfast is available at an extra charge.

Amazing Experience The Residence is a joy - a pleasure! The staff is amazing, particularly Angela. She is helpful, friendly and knowledgeable.The rooms are large, as are the bathrooms - the decor is beautiful. The Residence is in a park like setting, landscaped with fruit trees and an herb garden...if your room looks out to the garden your morning view is peaceful and picturesque. The Residence is a 10 to15 minute walk along the Arno to Ponte Vecchio....be prepared to shop. The major museums, including the Galleria where the David is housed is another 10 minute walk. In the evening the Orologio Trattoria is a good dining spot but if you want a great old Florentine restaurant make sure to check out Trattoria Sostanza on Via Porcellana - blink and you will miss it....a wonderful dining experience.Enjoy the beauty of Florence - the hills, the people, the art and of course the Chianti!

SF Marriott Fisherman's Wharf STINKS!!!! I am so unsatisfied with this hotel that I could not wait another minute to write this review. First off, I called the hotel the previous night to confirm the payment and make sure the charges were to be on the specified card. When we got there, Michael (rude hotel staff member) told me in order to check in I would need the original credit card and photo id. The problem is my mother kindly agreed to pay for the stay. So we had to call my mother at work, have it faxed over and wait. Keep in mind we had to catch a alcatraz trip in 15 min. When I asked how to get there, I was told its 10 minutes walking distance. I said well ok that still doesnt tell me much? Then he said oh its pier 39. That type of short service is very typical of the staff here. Even when we got back from alcatraz I asked to speak to a manager (Alexander) which wasnt any better. When I told him of my unsatisfactory service he told me well now that your better and calmed down from earlier you should talk to our concierge staff to show you some stuff to do in san francisco. Yeah like I'm going to take advice from the unhelpful hotel staff. To top it off my mother called the night before check-out to say they charged her WAY too much. I spoke to another manager (from England) who told me in the most blatantly disrespect tone that he knows what he is talking about and my mother is wrong about what is being charged to the room. Now I think MY MOTHER KNOWS what she is talking about when it comes to what is being charged to her credit card. Its a shame I had to deal with this on my birthday weekend especially when I wanted to stay at the argonaut hotel instead but it was booked (for good reason). Avoid this hotel as it has the WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER!!!I wrote the previous posting the night before check-out thinking that was it but I was wrong. The morning of check-out I went to take a shower and was about a minute into doing so when the water from the shower head starting coming out in pulsating spurts which then turned to it spewing out YELLOW WATER. I immediately turned off the water and told my boyfriend to look as the water came out yellow (in addition to the faucet). We called the front desk who said they would send an engineer to fix the problem. Since we had plans for the day we told them we need to shower in another room. 30 minutes later a maid gave us a room key two floors down at the end of the hallway to shower. There was no explanations given or apologies for the inconvienience by the management whatsoever. Due to the ordeal we were unable to do what we had originally planned. I truly hope in writing this review others can be spared from theseexperiences.

Close to everything! I thought this property was absolutely beautiful. The staff was quite friendly and the concierge was very helpful in directing us towards sights and restaurants. So much is within walking distance, that we walked nearly everywhere. Don't underestimate the subway system, either, easy to use and inexpensive. Great hotel, great proximity, great views, great staff.

Being 50 in New York! Have just returned from a short break of 6 nights. There were 6 of us. Our rooms were next to each other on the 26th floor with great views of Manhattan and the Chrysler Building. Rooms were a good size with two large doubles and a a small sofa bed. Very quiet. Friendly and knowlegable reception staff and concierge. We didn't eat in the hotel. Breakfast was taken in one of the many local diners and we then ate whereever we happened to be. Fantastic location we were able to walk to most places and the subway which was very easy to use was round the corner. Free internet service in the business centre to book our return seats. Our travel agent booked our taxi service to JFK but the hotel was actually cheaper.

The place to give you back your sanity the pool down the hill, like 200 steps down

Should know how to clean the room better...it's not a bar! This is the hotel for the youngsters who love to take a strike down in kuta beach, do some shopping, have some nightlife, get smashed and your room is just next door.I like the set up of the room, simple and modern with a good lighting. Although I found the room was very dusty. I had to pay for the hotel slippers and laundry bag. They make it like it's a souvenir of Hardrock instead of just a hotel amenities. I found it rather capitalize than accommodating...The service was ok. Location was good for tourists though, near by the mall, the markets, the good local restaurants (oh I haven't start yet about the restaurants in Bali, but don't worry I will!). I wouldn't recommend the beach to my friends though. Too crowded and dirty... JUst stay on their beach-like pool, better than the actual beach...If you still interested to stay there, please make sure that the staff clean it before you're checking in. Especially if you have allergies like me...

loved the princess we just returned from the pcp on june 5th, we had a great time, the hotel is nice and kept very clean. rooms are large and stocked with soda and dominican beer. the pool is large and never crowded. there never was a problem getting a lounge chair as some reviews stated, we did not need to go down and save a chair at 6am..same at the beach there is plenty. the food is average at the buffets, ala cartes are very good, we ate at all of them at the princess and 1 at the caribe...never disapointed.as far as the vip goes, if you want it for the upgrade on the drinks only, dont bother they use the i dont understand you when it comes to asking for something premium, my husband got maybe 3 budweisers while there and they always had to go find it. but everything else was well worth the vip. the room alone was worth the extra cash/ we had room 5211 beautiful pool and ocean view and all the extras beach towels, cigars rum....all in all it was a great vaca spot . the beach is beautiful to say the least and the staff are excellent, very very nice...friendly...this is a very nice resort not a 5 star but a close 4 star in my opinion.

Great Hotel!! Stayed here for 4 nights in early July. Found it a bit tricky to find as its located in downtown L.A. but used Mapquest which helped. We liked the location as it was handy for all the tourist attractions and at night it is very quiet . The standards at this hotel are very good - the staff are great, they could not be more helpful and the valet parking staff greeted you with Welcome Back, etc, etc The beds were very comfortable with lovely linens and we had a nice view out of our window. The reception area is very impressive. We would return if we went back to L.A.

A very well run hotel We stayed here for one night and were upgraded to a corner room with a small river view. The room was huge, bright and very comfortable.The bar and restaurant suited our needs. This is a business hotel.

A wonderful place to have a holiday We returned after 3 years to spend a few days between Xmas and NY's. We used our platinum benefits and were given a BEAUTIFUL suite overlooking Copley Square.The staff are great,loved the Oak Room bar and dining room(for breakfast) but nothing is cheap especially when you are Canadian.The lobby is gorgeous especially with festive decorations, speedy elevators, a very effective front desk staff...all made for a wonderful stay.We returned for 1 night Jan 1st, all was good except our deluxe room had NO view, could be depressing

What a good find. I chose this hotel after reading previous reviews and also because it had a great deal on room prices.still not sure what to expect as all views subjective. however it is in a great position for sightseeing,the single room was fine altho a little dark and would probably be noisy in summer with the shutters open.a very good breakfast and pleasant friendly staff.one word of warning -most rooms are up stairs at various levels-altho there is a lift from street level to reception.would certainly stay here again.

good experience Have just returned from my third trip to Florence, staying this time at the Carolus Hotel.A very comfortable stay, room was nicely decorated with a decent size bathroom with a proper shower cubicle ( no paddling on wet floors !) All very up to date.Only let down was the breakfast room which cannot cope if hotel is fully booked.There are not enough tables or waiting staff-only two waiters and tables remained uncleared and you had to look for a waiter. However the hotel is very conveniently situated with local buses nearby if you need them.I was on the top (3rd) floor at the front and there is some street noise despite double glazing and shutters. The traffic dies off after 11pm so a good nights sleep is possible and there are some very pleasant views. The staff were very helpful and other than the breakfast problems I had a great stay and would return there if I can get a booking.Seems to be a very popular hotel.

ANNUAL VISITOR After 5 trips to Oahu we decided to give the BeachComber a try and we were NOT disappointed. My friend and I shared a partial ocean view room and it was plenty big enough for the both of us single girls..ha ha . I am taking my mother and kids there again this year as it is right across the road from shopping and Waikiki beach, and directly above Macys and the International Market Place. Dont bother looking any further , this hotel is clean,friendly, on the main street, across from beach/shopping and has the best prices for its position. I go to Oahu from Australia every year and will not bother to look at any other hotel for whether im travelling with friends or with my children the BeachComber is Clean,Convenient and Prime Position. 5 Stars for me

Great stay We spent 2 nights at the Benjamin. Centrally located, very nice and clean room. Staff was very friendly and helpful. I highly recommend it.

Nice hotel in residential neighbourhood bathroom

Ok if you don't plan on spending much time in your room My husband and I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights. The location is great, short walk to Union square and cable car, as well as many restaurants and bars. The room was not too expensive, service was good, staff was helpful. The breakfast buffet was ok.However, our room on the second floor was small and the bathroom tiny (you had to step over the toilet to get into the bathtub). Our view was the wall of the building right next to us, so we did not get much light. Walls are pretty thin and we could hear other guests talking in the hallway. Also there is only one elevator in the hotel, which was not a problem because we were staying on the second floor, but if you are staying on a higher floor, you might have to wait a long time.

Hotel in good location We stayed at this hotel for 6 nights. We were in a Rm,615 on the 6th floor. The room was a nice size, lovely views of the the city, waterways.The room had a small kitchen with cooker, fridge/freezer and microwave, lots of cupboards.No worktop space which was problem as you had nowhere to drain washing up or prepare meals.The beds were bouncy,we got used to it.Great Colour t.v with over 90 channels to chose from. A clock radio . The bathroom was a nice size, clean, towels soft and changed daily. The lighting was dim which was a problem if you wanted to read, even with the bedside lights on it didnt make much diference.There is a inroom safe which you get charged $3.00 a night whether you use it or not.The pool was of nice size and you could walk out of the gate right on to the beach which is lovely. The staff were friendly and helpful. There is a little shop that provides essentials, but is way overpriced. There is a supermarket approx 0.5 miles away which is brilliant, plus other shops, resturants along the road. Public transport in Miami is very good. The S bus takes you to Adventura mall north miami or to Lincoln road mall south miami. $1.50 per person, you must have the correct money. If you want to go the Sea aquaruim you take the S bus, South, stay on this bus till the last stop and then get the B bus to KeyBiscaye. You will see signs for the Aquaruim. All the bus routes had amazing views.The Cassablanca was ok, But I would try another hotel if I came to Miami again.

Very good until the Brits arrived I'm giving the hotel a good review as I think that on the whole it was very good. Everything said in these reviews was accurate: the room was very clean and well presented, the position was great for us (I had stayed in the middle of the Barri Gotic before, but preferred it here, as we got to go North to the Gracia area as well), and breakfast was very good.The concierge gave 2 excellent restaurant reviews, including Patagonia steakhouse and the El Raco which was 2 minutes away, very unusual, tasty and well priced. All in all, it's usually worth asking, as their recommends were always better than our gos at finding somewhere to eat!Took the Bus Turistic for 2 days (only 23 Euros per person for 2 days, which was a bargain) and had some lovely strolls around the Barri Gotic and the areas around the hotel.The rooftop pool was also very nice, and we had some very peaceful afternoons up there (watch out for the bird scarer - scares the begeebies out of you first time!). On our fourth day, our afternoon by the pool was ruined by a large group of Brits who (as we have seen so many times before on holiday) acted like they owned the place, behaved very badly, were loud, drunk and did not attempt to control their children (one of whom threw a ball off the 9th floor onto the street below). It completely spoiled our afternoon, although we understand that this was not the fault of the hotel.As we were checking out, we noticed that a large British Hen Party were checking in, so we can only think that we timed that right.When will Brits abroad start to understand that there are other people around, and that a little consideration goes a long way.Anyway, please don't let this put you off this very good hotel. We would def return.

Francisco Bay Inn - a good value If all you need is a clean room in a great location, this is the place for you. The room comes with a small fridge and a microwave and there are little markets nearby. The bus stop is about 2 blocks away and can take you to most of the tourist sights. Fisherman's Wharf is about a 20 minute walk away. The rooms here are on the small side but if you're not spending much time there, does it really matter? There is a small Italian restaurant nearby called the Cafe Lombard and the food is very good. Also, my daughter and I felt safe in this area. I would stay here again. I booked directly with the hotel and paid $114 per night USD in July 2005. Parking is free, a BIG plus.

Tipical Amsterdam feeling, nice price, perfect location This is a very typical Amsterdam hotel, chic and small. I really do not understand those (mostly US) complains about the size of the hotel! It is a typical Amsterdam hotel, where space, amazingly, IS limited and damn expensive (unlike North US). So there is either the choice of staying downtown for a good price, close to everything you can imagine (from Bulldog Bar to Red Light District, shopping and museums area) OR pay 500 a night and stay 20km further, close to airport, with a great view of the landing area. Mention the Receptionist you want a room with canal view. otherwise you might end up with 35 or 36 for example, that face the wall. But this is the dutch experience. Breakfast is very good, with a good choice of cheese, jams, hams, bacons, eggs, milk, coffee, tee and cereals. Bathrooms are indeed small (compared to home standards) but again, this is Netherlands and this is a normal sized bathroom (and I've seen enough of that country, considering that my spouse is dutch). Don't forget to pick up the discount tickets in front of the elevators for the museums. WiFi is included, normally is a paper in the room with the key (or ask the front desk).

Badley Needs Facelift. Great Staff Just returned from 6 nights at the hotel. After looking at 5 rooms finally got one that was cleaner than the others, The carpets were very dirty with stains and looked very sad and worn. Furnishing the same and looked like thay had not been decorated in years. The room that we finally took had to have a good clean, carpets and remove cob-webs fron ceiling. But on the upside the Reception Staff and Bellman on duty when we arrived could not have been more helpful to try to find us another room. The room cleaning and bed were very good. Location is great. Seasons Restaurant was very good if a bit expensive for travellers on a budget. Executive Chef was excellent and knew all about Customer Service.The Hotel Managerment were also very sorry about the state of the rooms and said that the whole hotelit is due for face lift. They did show us a mock-up room of the newdecorated one and this was realy up-market. As it is at the moment it is below the star rating it has.

Good Hotel Stayed fro April 16- 20th. Booked 2 standard rooms. 1 for my husband myself, another for my son. Felt the standard room was too small for two people. I went to reception and asked about a bigger room. I was offered an upgrade to a De-luxe Room for the price of Superior 30 euro a night extra. It was well worth the extra. The staff at the Hotel were most helpful. It was very clean and the breakfast excellent. The only thing I found having stayed in Florence before that it is quite a walk to the centre and after a long day sightseeing it, and its quicker to walk than get a cab or bus.. Aslo being close the river was a problem with mossie bite in the heat. The room had to be sprayed.

Great Hotel sunrise from suite 38 flr

Well located Room

Dream hotel We stayed in disneyland hotel France for three nights.When we checked in after 20 minutes of standing around we were directed to our room on the 2nd floor.The room was shabby and had an awfull smell of smoke. I went back to reception and asked for another room. We were given one on the 4th floor much nicer but again shabby and bathroom not the cleanest.Nice touches like dressing gown and slippers though.Food was great especially breakfast.We had the half board premium package so our evening meal was allready paid for.I would advise people to take an half board option as eating out there is very expensive.Anyone with babies take some jars with you.

Good hotel in great location Having found this hotel while browsing the web for good hotels in Paris, we were impressed by the reviews and my friend and I stayed here for 3 nights. The location is good, lots of Paris landmarks within walking distance (e g Pantheon, Notre Dame, Louvre, Musee D'Orsay) and several nearby Metro stations, but the hotel is in a quiet side road so is quite peaceful. However, despite being an old building with thick walls, the partitions between the rooms must be quite thin as I could hear the person next door cleaning his teeth!! We asked for two single rooms but we each had a small double - my room was very small and also very dark as it looked out over a square courtyard so had buildings on each side. It was reasonably priced and fine for one person but I wouldn't like to share! There are bigger rooms and if I visited again with my husband we would definitely upgrade. The mini-bar was extremely expensive but unusually in a European hotel there was the option of a free hospitality tray, with tea and coffee. The hotel claimed to have a bar in the basement but when we investigated the first night it was deserted - no obvious bar area, although there was a shelf of glasses, no staff, and it seemed to double as a lounge area, but being in the basement it was dark and rather claustrophic, so we didn't linger. The breakfast room was in the sub-basement (!), but we regretted paying for breakfast because at it wasn't good value for money - there are lots of local bistros/restaurants which seem to serve a reasonable breakfast for much less.Reception staff were efficient, if not particularly friendly; my French is quite good but they spoke good English anyway. A request to replace a failed lightbulb in my room was dealt with amazingly quickly! Lots of restaurants in the local area but the quality was variable and prices seemed rather over the top. We found it rather strange that many of the restaurants won't serve sandwiches/snacks at lunchtime, although they're happy to just serve you with a drink! We would probably stay here again because it was a good location, but would go for bigger rooms.

A very pleasant stay We stayed at this hotel for three nights as part of my 50th birthday celebrations, based on the reviews on Trip Advisor, and we were not disappointed. We went for a deluxe room, which was quite large, with a huge and very comfortable bed. We had told the hotel about my 'special birthday' and there was a half bottle of champagne and fruit in the room when we arrrived, which was a nice touch. Lovely bathroom, with fluffly robes and up-market toiletries (Occitane). Breakfast was served in the basement, which had a character all of its own! We had breakfast there on the first morning, I have to say it didn't seem very well organised. No-one told us what to do, it was unclear as which items were included in the continental breakfast, which was 12 euros, and which in the full breakfast, which was 18 euros; we were offered tea or coffee from a communal pot but no-one came to offer refills although I'm sure we could have had refills if we'd gone to find someone. We decided after that to have breakfast in the room for the other two days and that was lovely, particularly when we were given a complimentary glass of champagne and smoked salmon on the morning of my birthday! The full breakfast at 18 euros was very good value.The staff were extremely helpful and friendly, especially Kathrin, who seemed to be on duty almost the whole time we were there! She speaks excellent English but I was disappointed not to use my French, as I speak it quite well - my efforts to speak in French were answered in English, so I gave up after a while! Room service was excellent - we ate in the room on the Sunday evening and had pizza and tapas, with a bottle of wine. There were a couple of minor problems, one was the total lack of drawer space in the room - there was a bit of shelf space but it was not enough, and the hanging space in the wardrobe was just about long enough for a shirt - not adequate for skirts or dresses. The furniture rather let the room down, it seemed rather cheap and basic.The other problem was the lift. There was only one, which is fair enough as there is limited space, but it broke down on the Saturday and was still not working when we left on the Monday. Being on the fifth floor, we found it quite a hike, and my husband has a heart condition (although to be fair the hotel could not have known that). Had we known the lift was unreliable, we would have asked for a room lower down. The staff were very apologetic though and did everything they could to help, they brought our cases down on the day we left. I felt very sorry for the staff member who had to carry a heavy dinner tray up from the basement on the Sunday evening.I thought the hotel was a little on the expensive side but it's in the Champs Elysees area, so that's hardly surprising; it would have been nice to have had breakfast included for what we paid, but having said that, we did get a few freebies in honour of my birthday!Just a quick word about the area - the restaurants are plentiful (except on Sunday evening, when just about EVERYTHING is closed, hence the pizza in the room!!) but they are very expensive and the ones we went to weren't particularly good either. I stayed in the Notre Dame area last year and it's much cheaper to eat there. Nice area though, fairly quiet, quite close to the metro and within easy distance of the RER.

2nd Stay in 3 months - as great as the first! Not much room around the bed!

Friendly Service Made this our favorite hotel in Italy! My husband and I stayed at the Davanzati in May for 4 nights as part of a 2 week trip around Italy. As many others have written, this hotel rightfully holds their #1most recommended spot. Fabrizio and Tomasso are so friendly that they take a very clean and comfortable hotel in a good location and make it EXTRAORDINARY.5 min walk to Ponte Vecchio10-15 min walk to Duomo15-20 min walk to Academia (overrated - get reservations thru Davanzati - would NOT have been happy if had waited 3 hours in line)10 min walk to Uffizi (also reserve in advance thru D.)To expand a bit on the happy hour - it occurs between 6:30 and 7:30pm. They dim the lights, and light candles and serve free wine and bread. After that, pretty much everyone goes to talk to the front desk to get their restaurant reservation info for the evening.The one issue we had was arriving in Florence on a busy Saturday afternoon IN A CAR. I don't recommend it. There wasn't anywhere to park the car to wait for the garage attendant. This was pretty stressful. Of course, every other day there were plenty of spots outside the hotel so you'd probably be fine on a weekday. It IS difficult to drive through the narrow streets however - and we're pretty adventurous drivers having rented cars in London and Australia.Enjoy your trip to Florence - can't wait to go back (and would definitely stay at the Davanzati again!)

Very comfortable stay My husband and I stayed at the Amsterdam Marriott for 1 night during a stopover en route home from Italy. This was our first visit to Amsterdam.The hotel was a good home base, even though we were only there for a brief stay. We had dinner and then walked over to see the Red Light district - about a 15-20 minute walk. The next morning, we took a canal tour before heading off to the airport. The canal tours conveniently leave from a dock about a 3 minute walk from the hotel. The hotel room itself appeared to have been newly renovated. Very typical and very clean and comfortable.We have gold status with Marriott and so were able to use the executive lounge for happy hour. In addition to drinks, they had both hot and cold appetizers -- and there's a great view of the city from the lounge area.I would definitely stay here again on my next trip to Amsterdam.

This is our third stay here for business. We have to come to San Francisco for sign installations at local schools, and this hotel serves our needs very well. It's convenient to the freeway and gets us in SF fairly quickly. The staff is very nice. The rooms are comfortable, and Houlihan's is convenient for breakfast and when we have worked all day and don't feel like searching for parking on Geary, it's great to sink into a booth there and have a salad or hamburger. We tried the Holiday Inn Express a couple of blocks away this trip, and moved after two nights to the Holiday Inn.

This was perfect for us! We wanted to stay near, but not IN Boston, and this was great. I had read on Trip Advisor that the hotel had a shuttle, which we needed. It worked GREAT for us, both in going to Boston Common, and to Harvard Square. We used the shuttle only, and not our car.The rooms were nice, the restaurants very good, the staff terrific, the beds comfortable, the room quiet, and we had a nice view of the Charles River. We would definitely stay there again. Boston was thrilling and we're glad to have taken the Trolley tour; great meals at Legal Seafood in Boston, and Sandrine's at Harvard Square.

Highly recommend This hotel was simply wonderful. Designed to look old, but only about10 years old, the hotel was beautifully decorated and set a veryNew Orleans mood. The location is terrific. It does not have a Fitness Center or laundry, but we didn't care. Their breakfast servedthe best fruit we had at a Hampton, on a long trip. We had great service from two employees in particular: Manager Charlene Martinez was extremely helpful, and Rose, who was serving breakfast, was a joy! (Hi to you both!)New Orleans is still a great city, yet it's one in extreme pain. We were so glad to visit there, to spend our money in a place that desperately needs support from business and individuals. The French Quarter was great, as always. But we drove all around the surroundingareas, and the tragic effects of Katrina are evident everywhere. The devastation was so extensive it will take years to come back. Here's a place where we can really make a difference.

a Rare 'five' Thanks to Trip Advisor reviews, we stayed at the Silver Cloud for 3 nights. It was one of our favorite stops in a month long trip. It has it all ... it was quiet, comfortable, roomy, great beds, spotlessly clean, lovely lobby, free parking, free internet, free and accommodating shuttle to downtown, extra nice continental breakfast in a large, lovely room, and helpful staff ... we even paid extra for the beautiful view of Lake Union. We honestly hated to leave! We had a great meal at Duke's nearby, also Daniel's which was VERY expensive... also a great meal at Anthony's downtown.

Holiday Inn Beacon HIll is a great location! We stayed at this hotel this past Veteran's Day weekend for three days and overall we were very pleased. The location just cannot be beat. We only took the T once because we were going somewhere out by Fenway. We attended a concert at TD Banknorth, which was about a 10-minute walk and very convenient. Fanueil Hall was a 15-minute walk. The staff at the hotel was very nice and accommodating. They did have a complimentary breakfast for limited items such as cereal, rolls yogurt and if you want hot food, it was about $5/person. The only drawbacks I noticed were that the bathroom door hit the toilet if you tried to open it all the way which was a minor thing, but it was annoying. The only other thing that bothered me was that the doors to the rooms shut automatically and they slam when they shut so that unless you hold onto the door to close it, it just slams shut, which was very loud in the middle of the night and woke me up a couple times the first night we were there. The other people in my party were not bothered much by it, but I tend to be a light sleeper. The other nights seemed to be less crowded and the noise at night was not bad at all. Those things would not be enough to make me not want to stay there, though, as the rate we had and the location could not be beat. I would definitely recommend this hotel.

Small but clean and central San Francisco is an expensive city to stay. Knowing this, it is fair to say that the Mosser hotel is good value for money as the rooms are spotless, wel designed and modern. There is also a big ceiling fan (varriable speed) which is really handy to circulate the air in this tiny room! Its location is also very central: litterally 3 seconds walk from the main street with trams to the piers and the Powell line going over the hills! My brother-in-law recommended this hotel and already told us that the rooms were really small, so we knew what to expect. We prefered the shared toilet/bathroom option to save a bit of money, and thought it was a good option as we never met anyone in the corridors and the toilets/bathrooms were really clean and always free! So, in summary, if you don't want backpackers style hotels but don't want to splash out either, I would recommend the Mosser.The only downside, was that we had view onto the back of the hotel where some contruction/building work were going on. Not best for the noise, but that's more bad luck/timing than the hotels fault itself.

Hotel Alessandra - fun experience What a lovely old hotel. The owners were very gracious and helpful as was the rest of the staff.Lovely room overlooking the Arno, spacious quarters and a good breakfast every day.We will return if we have the opportunity to visit Florence again.

Great staff! Although there were technical difficulties with our stay (and we only ended up staying one night instead of two), the staff went out of their way to do everything possible to resolve the problem. Just before we arrived, the air conditioning failed in 3 of their rooms -- of course our room housed the a/c machinery. They were able to rebook us into another room for the first night but they were totally booked the second. Not only did they give us a huge discount on the huge room that they moved us to but they couldn't have been nicer. It all worked out in the end.....we decided to get out of hot and humid Florence and head to Lucca a day early. This hotel is VERY clean. The hike up the stairs to the elevator reminded me again that I should've packed lighter :)

Wonderful location, staff and great pool My husband and I stayed here on route to emigrating to Perth - we found the hotel to be in a great location and shuttle bus to airport so we could go into the city centre was free - we ventured into the city and were glad to have chosen to stay outside. The pool was fantastic and you could sit and count the planes coming in but not be affected by the noise. We didn't eat in the Hotel except for the inclusive breakfast which was brilliant but ate frequently at the first cafe along where the shops and restaurants were where they did great yum cha and further along at a religious type cafe that did European food which was excellent. We had a local massage in the square which was also brilliant. I couldn't fault the location or the hotel.

Perfect Aprile Have just come back from a four-day break at the Aprile in Florence and couldn't have been happier with it. It was spotlessly clean, the staff were great and it was a fab location, not too near the rowdy bits. We took the train from pisa to Florence so it was great to only have to walk around the corner to the hotel.Had good breakfasts - plenty to fill up on for a busy day sightseeing. We easily managed to accommodate a non-dairy eater too without feeling hard done by. Found the staff to be cheery and helpful. The afternoon receptionist booked our Uffizi tickets, which was a relief. All those queues can be a bit confusing!Didn't think the bar prices were too steep - much of a par with the rest of the city really, which isn't cheap admittedly. There are some good restaurants and cafes within easy walking distance so you don't have to pay over the odds for a decent meal.We'd asked for a room off the main street, having looked at tripadvisor before booking, and were given the lovely room 28, with great views of the historic Santa Maria Novella behind. Only downside were the mossies, and that wasn't anyone's fault but my own because I didn't take a spray with me. There was a plug in deterrent supplied but it wasn't enough because I'm covered in bites! (the other half hasn't a mark on him!!) Would suggest people make sure they dose up on brewers yeast before heading out or spray daily while staying there.Will definitely be looking to stay there again if we return to florence and wholeheartedly recommend. Enjoy...

Great place! plunge pool

My favorite in Phoenix! This is an ideal place for business and leasure travelers. I would recommend the the new spa suites, they are wonderful!

Had a wonderful stay here!! We spent 6 nights at the Renaissance Ilikai on Waikiki from January 6th thru 11th, 2005. I booked the room on Priceline and was surprised to get it for $60 per night. I was not expecting the top quality that we got with this room, due to the low, low price. Remember that January in Hawaii is HIGH season and you would expect to pay much more for a top notch room. The room was very large, in the Yacht Harbor Tower and was extremely comfortable and quiet. The only disappointment was the fact that we could not get a queen or king room - ended up with a room with 2 doubles, but it was non-smoking. Could have gotten a king smoking room, but prefer non-smoking. The hotel staff were extremely friendly and helpful. We needed to do a very late checkout because we had a 9:30PM flight back to the mainland. The charge for a 6PM checkout was an additional $50.00, but we thought it was well worth the cost. We had a convertible and did not want to drive all over Honolulu on our last day with a car full of luggage. This rate was called the Linger Longer rate and I would recommend it to anyone who needs a very late checkout. We truly enjoyed our stay at this lovely hotel and would highly recommend it to anyone!!!!

Outstanding Hotel This is a three star that is much better than the rating would suggest. It is one of the best, most friendly, clean and well located hotels you can find in any city and definitely in Madrid.The hotel staff is helpful, eagar to offer suggestions, directions and quick to respond to any request. Most speak English and all employees appeared to love their jobs, giving good service and the hotel. The owner is available in this family owned and run hotel and is involved with employees and issues and the staff spoke favorably of the management--always a good sign of a well run operation. The rooms were larger than could be expected in a 3 star, the decor was modern (the name) and well appointed, the bathroom was large with lots of light and hot water (always a plus for me) with fluffy robes (yes, robes in a 3 star). The room, the halls and the entire hotel was well maintained and extremely clean. The lounge and meeting rooms (also breakfast room with reasonably priced food) on the 2nd floor were spacious and very attractive--an excellent place to meet friends and/or business associates. Maid service was both efficient and done with a smile showing geniue concern for the guests. A minor maintenance problem was reported and within minutes people arrived to examine and fix the issue. In fact, this was a hallmark of everyone with whom I interacted--great and friendly service. A very well run and managed hotel. The hotel could not be better located. It is in the heart of many of the 'must see' tourist attractions such as the Plaza Major (tourist office located in this plaza), the Royal Palace and the Opera House. Even though the hotel is in the heart of the Puerta del Sol area the noise level was quite low for sleeping. However, the excitment of the area with lots of shopping, bars, eating places, etc. is great fun. There are always people on the street, performers exhibiting their talent and good people watching. The Metro is just steps out of the front door of the hotel which makes travel everywhere in the city easy, convenient, safe and inexpensive--even to and from the airport.I have only been home a few days but I have recommended this hotel to my friends and family and I plan on returning as often as possible. The whole hotel experience was one of the highlights of my visit to Madrid. Don't miss the chance to enjoy this special place, Hotel Moderno.

Lovely Hotel Wasn't sure what to expect from the sprawling metropolis of LA after reading various reviews so I picked a fairly central hotel in Downtown. The Omni is primarily a business hotel but it was perfect for us road weary road trippers too. Beautifully set out with very helpful staff - the concierge was particularly helpful in answering our queries regarding transport attractions. This hotel is in a great location for exploring LA, particularly if you don't have a car. As it's in the business district there's not many shops nearby but the underground to all the prime sights is a 5 minute walk away and the area felt a lot safer than much of the city.Bedrooms were expansive and comfy with big roomy bathrooms. Lots of drinks and sweets available from the mini bar - though at a price too rich for us! Morning buffet breakfast (not included in price) was also a treat, fresh made-to-order omlettes and and fuevos rancheros. All in all this felt like a real luxury hotel experience and a great way to finish our California trip.

No Room At the Inn... We arrived at this hotel at 11pm, worn and weary after a long flight from the UK, only to be told that the hotel had overbooked and there were no rooms left. This was somewhat disappointing given I had booked and paid for our accommodation in full over a month previously. In addition, I had called earlier in the day during our stop over in Philadelphia to say that we wouldn't be in until about 11pm and check everything was OK - I had been assured it was...And so we found ourselves shuttled off at 11pm to a what we were told was an equivalent-standard, family run hotel nearby. This turned out to be a tired and grotty motel in the red light district that was crawling with prostitutes and drug dealers. We were put on the first floor which had patio doors with a dodgy lock that was easily accessible. We spent a very uneasy night then headed with our luggage straight back to the La Quinta in the morning. We demanded a room or an upgrade to a better hotel rather than one of inferior quality to what we had paid for. Fortunately they now had a room available and the rest of our stay there was fine. I must say the staff did apologise for what happened and were nice enough trying to sort things out. The error had occurred at central booking and wasn't their fault, but it did create a pretty poor start to our holiday. If you make a booking here you'll really need to make sure the hotel is ready to honour it!

Great Place We read many reviews of many hotels in this area. And based on previous reviews on this site, we choose this hotel. I think it was a great value for the money. Yes, the food is overpiriced at the hotel; we had prepared ourselves for this before we went. But we went out explored local restaurants (also pricey). Beach was nice. Hotel provides clean towel everyday if needed. We booked outings everyday through the hotel were very satisfied w/ this. On one outing, the concierge had forgotten to confirm our reservations w/ the company the hotel called the company which held the catamaran up paid a taxi to get us there. We would stay there again, no probelm. The staff was friendly the hotel was clean.

New Resturaunt Great Marlin Rest Beach bar and 24 hr snack bar

Great location, would definately stay again Great hotel just a few strides from the square in front of the old cathedral. A short walk from all means of transport. Surprisingly quiet considering it is so close to the hustle and bustle of central Barcelona. The hotel itself was very good and we would have awarded it an excellent if it had been a little warmer. The weather was cold when we visited and a few more degrees of heat would have been nice although it certainly wasn't enough to spoil our time there. The bedrooms are well set out and the bathroom was lovely with a 'proper' bath and shower. Excellent safe (no extra charge) and plenty of clothes storage. We didn't use the restaurant so can't comment but the bar area was comfortable and the drinks were reasonably priced and actually cheaper than some of the bars surrounding it! The staff were very polite, courteous and helpful and the maid service unobtrusive. Whatever time we left, the rooms were always cleaned, tidied and re-stocked with towels before we got back. One whinge - tea and coffee is only provided for your arrival further supplies have to be bought from the room bar/fridge.

IF Nordstrom's ran a hotel One of the great small hotels with the best staff and service. Always a pleasure to stay here with easy access in and out of the Quarter.

Beautiful Hotel View from hotel room - pool area

Expectations not met Christmas

Felt Like I was visiting Family--welcoming My husband and I stayed at the Roundhouse Suites for two nights. We were weary at first but as we walked in Mindy, the front desk, greeted us with the warmest smile. Everyone from lisa to Housekeeping helped us, made us feel comfortable. Definitely will be back in a few months. The rooms are clean and spacious. Nice breakfast selection and Richard made sure we knew about cookies. Was like being home away from home--thank you!

Be prepared to walk! My husband was attending a conference in this hotel, and I came along for the ride to experience Seattle for the first time.If you want easy access to all of the touristy spots in Seattle, this hotel is not a good choice. It is a mile hike to Pike Place market - and this city has its share of hills. It's not too much for me to walk miles and miles each day as a fit 30 year old, but it would be too much for the elderly or very young. There is a hotel shuttle, but the destinations are limited, and reservations are required. I decided not to bother with it.There apparently used to be self-parking here at one time, but no more! It's all valet. Sometimes they are in no hurry to retrieve your car, either. What a pain that is!The hotel lobby is clean and comfortable, and there is a small bar area as well as the breakfast room. Breakfasts consist of a buffet of waffles, pastries, fruit, eggs, bacon and sausage, oatmeal, bagels and other breads, yogurt, milk, and juices. It's repetitive, but free at least!The rooms can be loosely defined as suites. It's about the same size as a normal hotel room if you mentally remove dividing walls. There's a bed area, a bathroom, a couch and chair area, and a sink/desk area. It's not big by any means, but it's not uncomfortable. Not a bad choice if you know what to expect.

Would definitely choose again! Hotel Room View

a wonderful experience in Hong Kong This has to be one of the best hotels in Hong Kong. We stayed there for 3 nights in February. We had booked a room with a harbour view and we were certainly not disappointed. The view was spectacular and we could have spent the entire time just looking at the everchanging harbour scene. The Club facilities are out of this world, food is excellent as are all the services. The staff were wonderful and the Pool area is to die for. I would go back tomorrow!

Very nice stay I recently went to Seattle to meet up with some friends. We wanted to stay downtown and none of us were familiar with the city. We settled on the Max based on reviews and availability. It was a great choice for us. The location is really great, near everything. The staff is most helpful and informed we found. Yes, our room was small. It was also well appointed. The mini bar is a small frig which was easy to use for our stuff. The beds and bedding are first rate. The bathroom had a great tub, something I love! One thing I found odd is the windows were not sound proofed. It is city hotel with city street noise even on the 6th floor. The windows do open for fresh air. I loved the original art and the hallways. They are dark but not unpleasant. One evening we ate at the Red Fin, the restaurant within the hotel and enjoyed it. I would stay again.

Close to Cultural Venues My husband and I stayed at the Omni for a one stay for a birthday trip. The staff and rooms were great. The location, one block from the Music Center and Disney Auditorium was the real reason for our choice. The museum next door was also nice. Our room was spacious, the bed was so comfortable and it was very quiet.

Gracious Stay My husband and I went to Mexico City for the first time over the Thanksgiving weekend. We stayed at Gonzalez because of the reviews here and were not disappointed. I booked a suite, which turned out to be an extra large room with king bed and bath. The room was large enough to contain a sofa, easy chairs, desk and wardrobe. Although on the ground floor we had no problem with noise. We ate breakfast every morning there. What a treat! Not only was the food delicious but the company of other travelers was wonderful. We also had supper there a few nights and it was very good. There is a coffee shop, book exchange and small library. The property is in a walled compound which made it very safe. The owner/manager Jorge could not have been more gracious and helpful. He helped us with arrangements and directions. The place is not perfect. The linens could be nicer, the king bed, which was firm, had a double sheet which kept pulling off on the bottom. The towels were of vintage swimming pool variety and the upholstery and drapes could be fresher. The floors were wood which was wonderful and the place kept very clean. Filtered water is available.

"Don't Bother With This Hotel!" If you have never been to Hawaii before, I do not recommend you stay here!I totally agree with I have been to Oahu over 20 times and have always wanted to stay at the Hilton Hawaiian Village. Well, I finally got my chance when I received a special offer to check out their time share. At check-in, after waiting a long time in a long line, I found the staff was very indifferent and not friendly. They barely look at you and hardly give you eye contact. They could have cared less if I was there at all! The property is so big, it seemed only like a convention hotel the guests in and out like cattle.The first room they gave me was very average and over-looked the roof of the shops. Even though I requested a non-smoking room, when I first walked in it smelled of smoke so I immediately had my room changed. They just gave me another very average room, also with no view at all. No apologies or mentioning any kind of better room. They seem to care that I was a prospect for purchasing one of their time shares.If you self-park, it is a mile to your room. And, if you want to walk to the center of Waikiki, you have a nice little hike ahead of you. The hotel is at the very beginning of Waikiki. There is nothing near the hotel to walk to - only the Wailana Coffee House across the street (which by-the-way has excellent food) or the Kobe Japanese Steak House with the little bears in front.I had a voucher for The Bali Hai restaurant. Otherwise I have eaten there because it was overpriced. But it was lovely. I had complained at the NY Deli, but the owner was in and he was very nice. The shops are over priced, as well. Other reviewers said there is an ABC store on the hotel grounds, but there are about 30 in Waikiki alone!The smaller swimming pool is tiny and the big pool is just average.There are other better hotels in Waikiki, I understand why the Hilton Hawaiian Village gets such rave reviews. It seems to me that some reviewers had never been to Hawaii before and this is their first impression of it, so they think the hotel is wonderful. If you want a great hotel, I suggest the Moana Surfrider, the Royal Hawaiian, the Outrigger or the Outrigger Reef. They are all in the price range of the Hilton. The Kahala Hotel is also a wonderful hotel, but it's around the other side of Diamond Head. If you really want something special and romantic, the only hotel to stay in is the Halekulani. In my opinion, it is the most grand and elegant hotel in Waikiki with superb service and a friendly, accommodating staff (no, I am not an employee, just a big bother with the Hilton Hawaiian Village.

Better than Expected A southerner, I went to Boston in January to investigate possible medical treatment at Dana-Farber. From the price, I expected I'd be staying at a big-city hotel with muffins or donuts and coffee for breakfast and few amenities. Instead, I found an attractively modern, comfortable hotel, with courteous and prompt no-cost shuttle service to and from the hospital and airport, and a full, hot breakfast available, at no cost, in the morning. A couple of local restaurants delivered reasonably priced dinners that didn't taste like fast food. Staff were pleasant and helpful. A pool and exercise equipment were available (alas, I left my bathing suit at home), as were rental movies and wifi connection. My only regret was not having time to get to the Fine Arts Museum.

Decent value, great location PROS:The Baldwin Hotel has a location that can't be beat. My husband and I chose the hotel because It is easily accessible near the Montgomery BART station and the venue of the wedding we were attending. Also, it is just a block away from Chinatown (you can literally see the Chinatown gate from the hotel doorway), North Beach, and is amidst all the great downtown SF shopping. The staff were helpful and housekeeping service was good. Room decor was classy and clean.CONS:There is no free internet service which seems crazy to me in this day and age, especially in a city like San Francisco. Also, the only elevator is this loud old machine and our room happened to be right next to it. Try to request a room that is not adjacent to the elevator, otherwise you will be tossing and turning on Saturday nite when people return to the hotel at all hours of the night. Another downside is the only ice machine is in the hotel lobby.

Good place to lose weight My sister and I (both seniors) just returned from a week at Punta Cana Princess...We were very disappointed with the food.Our accomodations were acceptable, but the resort, while beach front, goes very deep so from the main lobby to the beach is a walk of at least 2 city blocks.Beach towels are only available at the activities center on the beach, so if you are only going to the pool it is a long walk for a towel.Our sheets were not changed for 5 days and only after we requested the service.We were told if we wanted our sheets changed we should strip the bed!!!!!We ate at the Rio Grand for Tex Mex...it was the best food we had all week, but the Cesaer salad was made with head lettuce and swimming in dressing.We also went to the Oriental Restaurant...the worst food we had all week, altho' it was a l carte, we really could not order from the menu, the courses were just delivered.Nice beach, friendly staff, lots of birds and mosquitoes.

Okay Budget Hotel I stayed at the Pensione for one night with my partner. Given that it was a long weekend and we got a good rate, hotel was ok. It is a little bit like poking your way around a maze at times, to get to our room we had to go through a few corners, outside, more corners, lift, outside (thought we were lost as there is little signage to rooms) through a fire door to find a hallway, outside again, another hallway, then at last, our room. Rooms are small (as expected) but very clean which is all we wanted for the night. We were told we were 'upgraded'.. I think an upgraded room must simply have bunk beds as well as a double. Room was very noisy at night, we got in at about 1am and it was a saturday night, windows could use some glazing. However, after a while I did sleep quite soundly (or was that the 6 champagnes I had?) either way, it was a little less than expected I must say, but the staff were helpful and friendly. I had been told the room would be read at 12 when I booked, arrived early after a long drive at 11.30 hoping it would be ready but was happy to wait. We were told that the room could be done within 15 minutes... half an hour later we were told it would be done before two but could put our things in the room whilst the cleaner was there. She knew nothing of us leaving our things, told us they would be safe and would lock the door once she finished cleaning the room. We arrived after lunch, to our very clean room, with the door ajar. Wasn't happy about that. What can I say, there were two cleaners employed to work on a long weekend... However, our stay was budget, which was all we were after. Next time though, Id say we will back at the Sofitel. Ps... the elevator was still out of order...

Champagne on arrival Rooftop pool

Fantastic location and very romantic. The Doge's Room

Loved it! One of two lounges at JK Place.

Quietly elegant! I brought my mother-in-law to NYC for the first time on Columbus Day and wanted our room to be perfect. We were not disappointed with the Sofitel. Although the city was exceptionally crowded and noisey due to the holiday parades, we found luxurious tranquility from the moment we entered the front door. Every staff person we encountered was friendly, helpful and respectful. They performed their duties impecably without being obtrusive or pushy. The room was very clean with single beds more like doubles. The bedding was immaculate with the look and feel of being brand new. The bathroom was gorgeous with a shower stall the size of many NY bathrooms. The fresh orchid and candle in the bathroom and the thick terry cloth robes and slippers were the extra little touches that made us feel as if we were staying at a European Spa. If you are looking for hi-tech flash and urban splash, the Sofitel is not for you, but if you can appreciate understated elegance and Old World sensibilities, you will not be disappointed with the Sofitel.

WONDERFUL BOUTIQUE HOTEL My sister and I just returned from a three-night stay at the White Swan Inn, and we both just loved it! The rooms were spacious, and the fireplace in the room was such a lovely extra. The breakfast buffet was delicious, and I thoroughly enjoyed the afternoon wine hour. If you're a walker, there couldn't be a better location. It's half-way between Nob Hill and Union Square, with China Town an easy walk, and public transportation close by. The sink in my bathroom had just a very little counter space - I could barely fit my toiletries, and if there had been a second person he or she would have been in big trouble. But my sister's room, right next door, had a lot more counter space, so the bathrooms are not all the same. I will definitely stay there again, and would recommend it to friends. The decor is definitely Victorian - think a lot of wallpaper with floral/stripe/etc. prints, so if you're looking for a soothing zen room, this isn't for you. But my sister and I sure did like it!

Wonderful Hotel! My husband and I stayed here for four nights, from 4/11 - 4/15, and we could not have been happier. This was our fourth trip to San Francisco, and our fourth hotel. The room was large and nicely decorated, bathroom was fine. The entire staff - front desk, bell captain, and especially the concierges Peter Chuck were friendly, professional and helpful. Two small points of disappointment: There is a nightclub just down the street, and the noise bothered my husband, but not me. Just bring some earplugs if you're really sensitive. The continental breakfast can definitely be skipped, but there is a crepe house half a block away with a wonderful breakfast, or other places within 2 blocks.The restaurant next to the hotel - Postrio - is a Wolfgang Puck restaurant. It's pretty pricey, but the food was incredible beyond belief. Also liked the Daily Grill, a block and a half away - an old fashioned steak chop house. Fun good medium priced.

Great stay at Royal Grove We spent a wonderful week at the Royal Grove. It's not some fancy resort, but it offer CLEAN rooms, good beds and a good shower. Those were the important things! The location is grest, two blocks from the beach, close to many restuarants, grocery store, and shuttles. Paid parking ($12 a day) at the hotel across the street. The kitchenette has full-size refrigerator, microwave, coffee pot, and four burner stove, plus all the dishes, pans and silverware. We stayed in room 208 overlooking the pool. Free use of beach mats, snorkel gear and beach toys was a plus. It was nice to get the free paper from the lobby and have my morning coffee while reading it on the lanai. I felt like this hotel conveyed more of the real Hawaiian spirit than the big resort hotels. As long as you aren't expecting a big resort with lots of activities, you won't be disappointed when choosing the Royal Grove! At $400 a week, it costs less than you could pay per nite at some of the other hotels in Waikiki. We're already planning our return!

Loved IT We just returned from a week at the Resortquest Waikiki Beach Tower! It was awesome! The view from the lanai, the great staff, free valet parking, twice daily maid service, in room laundry facilities, full kitchen, and great location combined to make this a dream trip for my husband, myself, our adult daughter and my 80 year old mother. This was my mother's first trip to the islands so we wanted to make it special. The staff were very accomadating of our few specail requests. Our room wasn't quite ready by three but they gave us a bottle of champange, Godiva chocolates and a $100 in-room dining credit so we didn't mind the delay, just went next door for a snack until it was ready! Every staff member we encountered was friendly and willing to help with anything we needed. We had a two bedroom partial ocean view on the 17th floor. It was certainly better than most partial ocean-view rooms! We watched the surfers and swimmers every morning as we enjoyed our coffe on the lanai. The condo was a little dated and needed a few repairs but the beds were comfotable and everything worked so that was minor. We never had to wait long for the elevator even though one was being used by the renovation crew. We would recommend this condo to our friends and will definitely stay there again.

Wonderful service We just got back from 4 days in Madrid and had a wonderful time. The hotel staff was great. Any thing we needed was handled in a professional way promply. The hotel is located on the Plaza Santa Ana is convenient to the museums. The rooms are small but well appointed and spotless. The food in the restaurant for breakfast was buffet and delicious. We would stay there again.

Great Place to stay view from our room

A good base and great value We stayed here in December and January either side of our trip to Australia. The location is good and the addition of the new central shopping centre opposite is very handy. We had received a letter to say there was a rolling refurbishment going on but we were not aware of any noise from this. Both the rooms we had were spacious, clean andcomfortable and although a little tired it was not an issue. The staffwere very efficient and helpful. We had room service breakfast which was excellent and the same price as the restaurant downstairs so no need to shower, dress and rush down. As nothing gets going until mid morning it was nice to relax and ease ourselves in to the day.The location is so convenient for all that Clarke Quay has to offer for an evening out. We didn't feel the need to look elsewhere for restaurants as there is such a variety there. Taxis are very reasonable and availabe from outside the door. We went to the botanic gardens, orchard road, raffles, sentosa (by monorail) over both stays.All in all a good base at a very reasonable price and once the rooms are updated it will be even better.

Great Value for Location This hotel is a former Holiday Inn and completely renovated in European Style. Decor is the latest Brown/Blue suede with outstanding comfortable beds and pillows. Extremely well appointed with nice touches such as a plush terry cloth shower curtain and monogrammed towels. The latest style of faucets have been put in. Because the hotel is so conveniently located off the freeway at Sunset Blvd. you will get freeway noise on that side - turn on the air conditioning unit in the summer and you would never know. The hotel is circular and at the top is a fine dining restaurant with a nicely appointed bar. Great views of the Getty Museum and of UCLA and Westwood. Just up the street slip into the Hotel Bel Air for a drink without having to pay the price of their rooms. Extremely convenient for any business traveler into the West LA region and certainly acceptable for the vacation traveler also.

Fine Boutique Historical Hotel The hotel is tastefully renovated with fine art and furnishings. Rooms are extremely comfortable with fine linens. The staff make your stay more than pleasant. Experience the Library restaurant where they serve one of the best breakfast French Toast I have tasted worldwide. Hotel is close to everything if you enjoy walking a city. Charming and quaint best describe this 1889 built hotel that has recently been renovated. The hotel is owned by Kimpton Hotels and they have put a lot of money into their recent renovation with no skimping on anything.

A must stay! Absolutely delightful boutique hotel in Amsterdam. If you don't mind being out of the hustle and bustle of the city hub this is the place. The hotel is located on a precious quaint street with lovely trees. Easy to get to from the central train station - just take the number 2 or 5 tram right outside the front of the station. You can purchase your ticket for the tram on the last car. Large rooms at this fine establishment and the services are all of the comforts of home. Exceptionally clean! Non Smoking! Family owned and they take pride in their business.

Bad Experience We arrived at the hotel at the hotel at 2pm, the front desk did not let us check in due to the room is not ready until 3pm. We waited at the lobby along with 5 other guests until 3pm. Once checked in we were placed to a room across the street on the top floor with no elevator. The TV in the room is facing the vanity instead of the bed, the TV remote dosen't work, neither did the voicemail system, iron and ironing board. The curtain has stains on them and so did the bed spread. We finally argued our ways to switch the room to the side where the front desk is. We will definitely never stay at Ramanda again.

Some disappointments First the good part: Location was fantastic. Our windows literally looked directly at the Duomo. We walked to almost all the major sights on our list. Beautiful decor and appointments throughout. Our room very contemporary, the salon-breakfast room traditional. Buffet breakfast well stocked with coffee, tea, chocolate, pastries, breads, cheeses, yogurt, juices. Extra charge for eggs, etc. with which we did not bother. Notebook computer available in salon for guest use. All that was great, but given the challenges and disappointments we encountered, we would have been better off going elsewhere and saving quite a few Euros a night. My daughter and I were traveling together and wanted a two room suite so that each of us would have our own space. We were told that the Dome suite would work very nicely. The price of 500 Euros was steep, but we thought sharing the same suite and viewing the Dome from our suite would be great fun. To our surprise and disappointment, the two rooms were actually separated only by a curtain -- not our idea of a two room suite. Before booking we explained that I have a problem with stairs and were told that access to the suite from the elevator landing was up only 8 stairs. There were actually 15 stairs which doesn't sound like a big difference, but definitely was for me. The room got very warm, but when we asked that the air conditioning be turned on, we were told that only heat was available this time of year. When I suggested that at 500 Euros a night air conditioning should be possible, arrangements were finally made. There were ongoing communication problems with reception staff. We were told that two massages could not be scheduled simultaneously and so agreed to two separate massage times. When two therapists arrived with no prior notice to us that simultaneous massages were possible after all, my daughter had already left to assure privacy to me. Lesson learned: confirm all arrangements at least twice.

Huge room We could not believe our good luck at finding all this space in a NYC hotel. The hotel room was huge and the breakfast food ample. We had four beds for four people. Even better was the attitude of the staff- store our luggage? No problem. When I told them that we were coming from all over and wanted to put all the names on the reservation so anyone could check in- Not a problem. And, when my plane was delayed and I asked them to pass on a message- they did it right away. It is walking distance to everything. It is clean. It is not fancy. nancy j

Great hotel suite - we'll be back! Kitchen

What I Expected The Metro was the first stop on a 4-city tour I arranged and booked myself. Booked the Metro on the basis of TA reviews and therefore had a good idea what to expect.As stated many times - its biggest plus is its location and its biggest minus is the size of some of the bedrooms. If moving around space is important to you, don't stay here. We had a king room which looked out into the building well, so it was always gloomy in the room. However, it also meant it was quiet as we could hear no street noise apart from sirens.The breakfasts are great. We found them substantial enough to see us through the day but ideal if your idea of breakfast is a coffee and croissant.Although the room and bathroom are small I had everything I wanted to hand and therefore give it 4 stars.

Nancy Greece / Crowne Plaza Very Good Choice We stayed at the CROWNE PLAZA for 5 nights just before Christmas time. Although we had some concerns because of some reviews at the end we were really satisfied that we stayed there. It was a great value of money !! The breakfast wonderfull, the staff very polite and friendly, the location perfect, and the rooms clean and cozy. The only negative I must underline is that for 5 nights we stayed our bed sheets were not changed. That was a disapointment but all the rest were really great.

Very comfortable with great views! I stayed here for 2 nights in June, 2008 and we loved our room - we booked a standard room, but we had views of both the water and the city. The bathroom was large and the room had all the comforts that a Ritz should (large comfortable King bed, large marble bathroom with bath and shower, huge closets with plenty of storage room, bang and oluffson TV, stereo, etc, automatic window shades, wifi). We ordered room service a lot and the food was expensive but worth it because it actually tasted good. The pool is very nice, but get there early to reserve a chair because the pool area is not very large considering how large the hotel is. Only problem was that the safe was broken in the room and they could not fix it...

Loved the rooftop pool! I stayed in the Hotel Catedral for 3 nights in July 2007. The location was perfect (in walking distance to every tourist destination). The room was very clean, very modern in furnishing, bathroom was large and modern as well. The rooftop pool was incredible. The weekend was scorching hot and it was a huge bonus to return to the hotel after a day of sightseeing and plunge into the pool. I found this hotel a very good value booked through Expedia. Would highly recommend!

a real oasis I can only endorse what others have included in their reviews. This small hotel is a real haven after a busy sightseeing day. The staff were so helpful, particularly with suggestions of where to go and what to see in the limited time we had. The many restaurants within 50 metres were superb, especially The Sardine Room. The walk into the centre through the Botanic Gardens was lovely though there were many steps to negotiate on the way. This was fine going into the city but coming back (rather tired) we found it easier to take a 311 bus from Circular Quay! The many and efficient ferries running from the Quay offer a wealth of places to see and I would recommend Watson's Bay and South head, a bus to Bondi and a walk to Bronte or Coogee but Keith in the hotel will be happy to tell you all about where to go. A trip to the Blue Mountains is a must, but only if the weather is good. We took a guided tour which collected us from the hotel and ended with a ferry from the Olympic Park back into the city and we felt it was excellent value for money but it is possible to do it on the train. All in all we had six fantastic days and should we go back to Sydney (there are so many other places we want to see!) we would certainly stay at Simpsons.

Great Location! Nice rooms! Great location. I go to New Orleans at least twice a year and I would say this was my favorite hotel so far (and we stay in a different one each time). It's only a half block off of Bourbon (easy to stagger back to). We stayed in two different rooms, both were nice, but a little different. The only problem was there seems to be some kind of steel business next door that is working on the weekdays, so there was a lot of noise (could have been clean up recovery) early in the morning on the work day.

Good value for the money This hotel proved to be a good compromise for a few days in Barcelona. It's conveniently located near the Plaza de Catalunya and the Ramblas, but in a more commercial, less touristy, and less noisy direction. The staff at the front desk consistently spoke English(definitely NOT a given in Spain, even in relatively expensive hotels) and were helpful, if not effusive. The interior decor gives the hotel a distinctive and welcome personality. Yes, you do feel a slight rumble from the subway underground on occasion, but I didn't find it bothersome.

Comfortable, Cozy, Lovely Service Just returned from a two night- mid week get away to Boston. First time staying at Jury's and I chose it based on Trip Advisor reviews. Although a bit pricey - Service was wonderful, they couldn't have done more! We are newspaper addicts and they not only leave the Boston Globe at your door but were happy to send along the New York Times as well. Room was small but quite cozy, bed was heavenly, bathroom lovely. Appreciated the windows that opened and the towel warmers and bathrobes. Although the bar is amazingly loud when you come through the front doors the rooms were quiet as could be! Didn't eat at the restaurant, but then there are so many wonderful restaurants in the area.I would go again, great location!

Best hotel and best location! We stayed at this hotel for two nights before a river cruise...loved the hotel and location. About 25 canal homes all connected together in three rows. We had a room on the third floor, inter court yard. I did not like this location as the lights were on all night long in the hall way that were across from our room. If we ever go back to Amsterdam, we will stay there but a different location. I would request the garden or canal rooms.This hotel is central located to everything. Anne Frank home, Dam Square, museums, and near great places to eat. The hotel is prices for the food are expensive, but very very good.The rooms are amazing. Wooden beams on the ceiling, wood floors. The bathroom has heated floors! Amazing bathroom too.Loved this hotel. I would recommend this hotel to anymore.The only thing I wished they had was coffee makers in the room.

Loved It!!! Having checked out of a hostel and stumbled upon the stanford, both me and my partner were amazed at the standard of the hotel, the room was fantastic, HUGE bed!! great room, all the facilities we needed, lots of coffee, hairdryer, massive bathroom with a great shower, really happy, i left my comments when i left and they even wrote me a letter back in England thanking me for the comments, working in a hotel myself i was pleasantly suprised at this lovely hotel :)

What a view! Just returned from a long weekend in Paris, where we stayed at the Hotel Brighton. We stayed here because our friends were staying up the road but their hotel was fully booked. This hotel was cheaper and not with the same rating as our friends, but the room was bigger and we had an amazing view. The room was very large, with a lovely modern renovated bathroom. We had a tiny balcony but we could see the Eiffel Tower as well as the Louvre from it. The staff were friendly and spoke very good English, they were able to answer all the questions we had. I would highly recommend this hotel and will be staying here again should I return to Paris.

A Gem of a Hotel! This hotel is a real gem! It is in a really good position, is not too large, and the staff are really helpful, and, contrary to what we expected on visiting America for the first time, are not waiting around for tips all the time! The furnishings are superb, rooms comfortable, and the icing on the cake was that every evening between 5 and 6pm they put on wine and beer tasting with nibbles for all the guests in the lounge! You can spend the whole hour or just pop in. Also, if you are not a breakfast person, you can just pick up a complimentary coffee and biscotori in the mornings. We only stayed for three nights, wish it had been longer!

Love the free internet connection and closeness to the Shinjuku Station. I emailed Keio Plaza directly and is pleasantly surprised to find that the hotel offers a rate slightly cheaper than what my tour agent quoted. It is about SGD350 per night for 7 nights ( 1 double, 1 single bed ). A bit pricely but it is situated in a very decent neighbourhood, west of Shinjuku station. Neighbourhood gets quiet after office hours.It is opposite Tokyo Met, so we went over twice for free city views at the Met's top floor. Awesome!Our room is huge and chamber service impeccable. The free internet connection in the room kept me connected to home.Keio Plaza has easy access to Shinjuku station via underground tunnel ( with travelator in the direction to the hotel during office hours ). There is also free shuttle services to Disneyland Tokyo ( to and fro ). We booked the hotel-Narita airport shuttle at the concierge to avoid dragging the luggages to Shinjuku Station.

Awful!!! Was this the motel 6? Don't be decived the outside of this hotel is nice and it is right on the beach with a great location, the inside is nice buy the lobby and the shopd are nice also. the aquarium inside needs a good cleaning, and when you go to your room the wall paper is falling off the walls the lights and crooked and there is a smell. once in the room although we had a great view the bedding was old the bathroom was gross, cabinets were loose it was just crap. i guess we mostly paid for our view and not for a great room. we were in the beach tower. i would not reccomend to anyone. i wouldn't even come to ohau again. maybe to see pearl harbor if you've never been and the sea life park raoyal dolphin swim was amazing but it's really busy here and if you are looking for a more hawaiian feeling and laid back feeling go straight to Ka'anapali beach Club in Maui, this is the place to stay, 10 stars compared to the pacific beach hotel. i would never come here again!!!!!

Great hotel, Great service, Great location! Shower

great hotel the barcelona universal was really nice, great location very clean modern simple style rooms and very nice staff. the hotel is in walking distance of most things and the metro station right outside the hotel takes you to the rest. for 2day pass) i went for 3nights and didnt get time to do everything. i loved barcelona, we visited the olympic port, aquarium, nou camp, las ramblas, cathedral, the zoo and the sargadia familia which was the most impressive though, that is a must to see, i wasnt expecting it to be so big and impressive, you have to go to the top too. :-) found the hotel to be really good price and was great for the amount of time we actually were there.There is a great chinese on las ramblas, not the most attractive but great food and good price we had about 5 dishes and drinks and was about in total. also the little bars are perfect for a quiet drink we went to an australian one on las ramblas and an irish one on the road back to the hotel. The road back to the hotel isnt great at night, i wouldnt have felt comfortable if wasnt with a guy, walk fast and keep head down. (one night had a girl playing a flute wanting money). overall-a good hotel in a great city would definetly go back to both.

A delightful hotel I spent 2 weeks at the Alam Shanti in June/July on my 6th trip to Bali. Although I stayed in one of the standard rooms, Saraswati, it was clean, comfortable, spacious, and had everything I needed. Water pressure was dodgy in the shower, but this is fairly common, and probably worse in upstairs rooms. The gardens are beautiful, and it's worth booking an upstairs room so you can lie on the day bed and look over the trees and flowers to Mt Agung. The staff are caring and considerate and do everything they can to make your stay a pleasant one. The real bonus is to have a car 'on call' for whenever you want to go in to Ubud, or be picked up after shopping or eating in town. It's an easy walk to Ubud beside the Monkey Forest, but when you reach Monkey Forest Road it's a bit of a slog and I'd recommend going via Jalan Hanoman. There's no restaurant at Alam Shanti but you can order food to be delivered from restaurants, and there is always the car to drop you and pick you up from any restaurant in Ubud. After six trips to Bali, and staying in a wide range of accommodation, I feel that Alam Shanti combines the best elements of a Bali experience - natural beauty, gentle people and a serene atmosphere. And there's the lovely pool to enjoy if the tropical heat is too much!

Excellent Hotel!!!! stayed at this hotel in august 2005. had a room with city view, amazing at night. rooms were spacious and clean with dressing room, seperate shower and massage bath. Breakfast good and plentiful. Reception staff were very helpful especially booking tables at nice restaurants. I recommend eating at a restaurant called 'les quinze nuits' because it was really good value and food was very nice. Try the squid ink rice, looks horrible, but extremely tasty!!!! Taxi drivers in Barcelona are quite honest compared to other destinations. Overall Barcelona is beautiful and hotel was excellent. Highly Recommended!!!!

they misrepresented themselves on hotwire looking out window towards freeway

Brilliant Resort, would definately return Absolutely brilliant hotel. Have been to many hotels in the Carribbean and this was by far the best. I want to keep this concise so here we go...Facilities:The sporting facilities were far better than any other hotel, mini golf was a great laugh, paddle tennis was really fun. They also have tennis, volleyball, water sports, table tennis and its all included.Gym and Spa area are also very good.Food: Fantastic. The best variety and quality I have had in the Caribbean. The A la Carte restaurants were superb, especially the dominican one. After 2 weeks there was still so much variety we never got bored. My partner is one of the fussiest people I know and ate absolutely loads every day! You have a choice of 12 pizzas every meal and there is always something for everyone. The mexican buffet and oriental evening were outstanding.Weather:Brilliant as usual, 30-35 every day with clouds which made it bearable, came back with a brilliant tan.Beach:Gorgeous, can walk along it for hours. We walked for 2 hours to the Iberostar hotel we stayed at last year!Rooms: Gorgeous, you get a jacuzzi bath in the standard room! Very nice!Resort:Gorgeous grounds, dont listen to all these people moaning about getting around, its very easy! And if you dont want to walk just wait for the train, it takes you everywhere and we waited no longer than 10 mins for a train at any time-there is no rush on holiday!!I am a very, very fussy person and I'm not often impressed but I would 100% return to this hotel again. The staff are brilliant, there was loads to do, loads to eat. I would definately recommend this hotel to anyone without a moments hesitation.If your thinking of booking you wont be dissappointed.Feel free to ask me any questions.

Loved the Casanova I simply cannot fault this hotel. Not only were the staff extremely friendly, but the service, cleanliness and style were amazing. This is an ultra modern hotel, but not so much that you feel you have to wear designer labels just to walk in. The reception girls were so lovely and the consierge was helpful and a great conversationalist! Walking into our room, we were presented with a spotlessly clean bedroom with all the facilities you would expect for this 4 star hotel. The bathroom was massive, with a bath and shower (separate, not together!), a plasma TV, with CNN/BBC, a beautiful view of the garden below and such a comfortable bed! Highly reccomended and perfectly located (just a stroll down to La Rambla), this hotel is a cut above the rest...and for an affordable price too. We're definately staying here again.

Stylish Hotel We were in Japan for two weeks and stayed in the Park Hotel twice during that time. We found the hotel to be stylish and whilst the rooms are not the largest we have seen they are clean, comfortable and well appointed particularly useful was the free 'always on' cable Internet access in the room. The staff were friendly and helpful and it was enjoyable sitting in the bar listening to the jazz trio of an evening. We also found the location of the hotel very useful. If arriving on the Narita Express, it is only a 1440 Yen taxi ride away from the Tokyo Station and the train links near the hotel make it very easy to get around. There are also shops nearby from a local convenience store in the basement to bars and restaurants in the Pedi Shiodome complex which is linked to the hotel by a walkway. Overall, we had a very enjoyable stay there and would be happy to go back and recommend the hotel to anyone going to Tokyo.

What a view!!! We had a little trouble finding this condo. Driving along the main road in Waikiki there are 3 Resortquest hotels, I think. There was not a sign for where to turn. I called the front desk and they came out to the road to meet us. We were on the 32nd floor which normally would freak me out but the view was worth it. We had an oceanfront room, I thought with the price difference was well worth it. There is a convenient walkway to the beach. Upon checking in they gave us a pail, shovel and sifter for our kids which was a nice surprise. While these are inexpensive and there is an ABC store right on the corner, it was nice just to have it and go right to the beach. There are no restaurants to speak of right nearby except McDonald's. Since we arrived late and were starving after our 9 hour flight, we tried to get room service and were told 45 minutes since they get it from another hotel. There are, of course restaurants in all the nearby hotels, but with two tired and hungry kids I really did not want to take them into a hotel.The room was decent, a little musty smelling maybe from the ocean air. The bed in the master bedroom was hard as a rock and the pillows flat. The a/c in the master controlled both bedrooms but to have it cool enough in the master the other bedroom was like an ice locker(you can open the windows to combat this). Up where we were we did not hear the traffic sounds other than the occasional rescue. The dryer took forever!!! Plan on turning it on at least 3 times for a normal size load. I would recommend this condo. It's a convenient location, the waterview is amazing. While I enjoy a plush bed at a luxury hotel, with kids this condo has everything you need.

A great hotel at a bargain proce This is a great tlittle hotel and don't let the stairs put you off - you can stop halfway for a breather and anyway, all little hotels in Amsterdam are like this!The welcome was friendly and we were offered a drink from the chiller cabinet as we booked in. The room was compact but the best thing was the bed - probably even more comfortable than my own bed at home.The location is great, really central but quiet and peaceful. The staff were very friendly and even advised us on local transport. The place was very clean and although the breakfast was basic (cereal and croissants) it was adequate to set you up for a wander around this great city. I'd certainly stay there again - really good quality and good value too.

Great Boutique Hotel We arrived at The Inn on Union Square a couple of hours before check in - and we were happily surprised that our room was ready for us. We booked a King Suite which had 2 seperate rooms - 1 bedroom and 1 living room area. The living room area was quite small and had 2 chairs (no couch) to watch TV with - we never used this room. We found that we were so busy taking in the sights of the beautiful city that all we needed was the bedroom. The room was beautifully decorated and we must agree with all of the other reviews that the breakfast was a huge bonus (as well good). We joked about who would make breakfast for us in the mornings when we returned home. I loved the chocolate chip cookies at night - in fact when we were out for dinner I had no need to order dessert knowing that back at our gem of a hotel there was tea and cookies waiting.The staff were friendly and helpful and well it is true that we looked out a brick wall - we were also looking at beautiful plants that had planted along the ledge of the exterior wall.We would definitely return to this hotel.

old style grandeur we recently returned from berlin, having stayed in the askanischer hof hotel for 3 nights. this hotel is is a great location in the middle of k'damm. there are 2 underground stations nearby, and the bus service is handy.the hotel itself is something out of the ordinary. my first thought was that it was a touch of faded grandeur- but in fact the hotel is a touch of class. the room we were given was right next to reception- yet we never heard a noise. the room itself was enormous- and very comfortable. the bathroom was modern and spotless, with a better shower than we have at home!. there was even a little library in the corner of the room . the staff were extrememley courteous and the breakfast was great- its worth asking for a boiled egg just to get the little egg cosy it is served with.berlin is a fantastic city- and really friendly- which i wasn't expecting. the highlights were the holocaust memorial and museum, the reichstag, brandenburg gate and the topography of terror- which would make the hairs stand up on the back of your neck.eating out was reasonably priced and delicious. i would recommend reinhard's restaurant particularly.

Loved it! Junior Suite

Quality accommodation Room 118

Hot, Hot , Hot!!! My boyfriend taking a swim

Quite Impressed Beach

Great hotel, Great Location We were a group of seven( including a toddler) who stayed in the helmsley for 5 nights. Location was brilliant, close to all the major tourist attractions, although set in a quieter area. We had three rooms, on the 32nd and 35th floor, even had a view of the empire state building from one. All the rooms were very comfortable and clean, and a good size. A fridge was very handy when you have children with you. The maid service was excellent, clean towels daily, and plenty of, it was just a shame that there were no tea making facilities in the room, however there were free coffee and tea in the lobby every morning. All the staff were friendly especially sam (bar man). Overall a great place to stay,and would definately stay there again! P.S Pax next door was good for breakfast.as was Bullys round the corner 43rd st 3rd ave (i think) opposite fitzpatrick hotel!!

excellent hotel Just returned from a four night stay in this hotel in Barcelona, and it was a great place to stay. Staff were very friendly and helpful. Rooms were a great size, clean with good storage and a tv but no tea or coffee facilities in the room. Bathrooms was good with an excellent shower, hairdryer was ok but would recommend taking your own. Hotel was a 10 minute walk from the nearest tube, but it was a pleasant walk in the sun, and a great way of seeing all the little bars/cafes in the streets.Bus stop was outside the hotel, but only used this for the bus to the airport, which was a good quick and cheap way to get to and from the airport. Bus collects from just outside the terminals and runs all day long!great places to eat in the nearby area close to the hotel, did eat in the city centre once in the evening, was ok but very busy at times, so many places to choose from you can have too much choice!Great places to eat down on both ports, tourist bus is great way to go around the city, recommend buying the 2 day ticket! Will definatley be going back again in the future, Barcelona has so much to offer!

Hotel d'Aubusson Absolutely Charming I just returned yesterday from a 9-night birthday stay with two girlfriends at the Hotel d'Aubusson, and it could not have been lovlier. The accommodations are beautiful, and they take great care to details . . . beautiful flower arrangements, candlight in the courtyard, flowers in the room, and a surprise gift in the room each night . . . I felt like I was staying in someone's home. The staff at the front desk were very accommodating and friendly. Jean, Verni, and the others were very helpful with making restaurant recommendations and reservations, calling for taxis and assisting with day-trip suggestions and plans. Jazz at night was entertaining, and the breakfast in the dining room was extremely relaxing and quite delicious. The hotel is in a perfect location on the left bank allowing for easy walking access to everything. If you want to stay on the left bank, this boutique hotel is quite a charmer.

Whoa This place is Expensive! Oh My!We booked this hotel thru the main number. We noticed that the price was considerably higher than when we were there before when it was the Holiday Inn. We were looking forward to seeing the renovations and they were very nice, however, it should not be financed on the backs of the customers. I was also appalled at the term - mandatory valet parking. At $18 per day, It should have been discussed when the reservation was made. Ok, our mistake. Now, on to the restaurant. Make sure to refinance your house before setting foot in there. A glass of wine is $17 and a very small appetizer (2 tiny eggrolls) is $16. My advice: Take a cab to Santa Monica. Believe me, it will save you tons of money. Overall, we won't be back- there are much nicer hotels for the same price or less in West LA.

Great location Reasonably priced hotel by Paris standards and a wonderful central location to all the sights. Good restaurants nearby and we walked almost everywhere. The staff at the hotel were very accommodating -- we were travelling with three other couples and they were very patient giving us directions and suggestions. The rooms were small but clean. The breakfast was fine although costly. We would most certainly stay there again. We booked by email and it worked out just fine.

Good value in a great location My partner and I stayed here with 2 friends for 4 nights. The rooms were well appointed and the bed was very comfortable. We arrived early on Saturday evening having had a long drive over from Yosemite. The welcome we received was great and they even brought a complimentary bottle of great red wine to each of our rooms. The Hotel is old , so there are a few creaks and groans from the plumbing but nothing major. Our room had a coffee making machine which made great coffee and there was also free coffee upstairs if you wanted it. The bathroom was well appointed and everything worked fine.The location is really convenient for getting around on the public transport and we felt safe most of the time although some of the streets around Union Square are plagued by beggars and vagrants. We just ignored them and they didn't cause us any problems.We were never around for the afternoon tea/sherry mixer - maybe next time! All-in-all, the KPH is great value for a hotel in this part of town and I would certainly recommend it.

Great Hotel Just returned from a 4 day visit with two pre-teen grandaughters and we had a very nice stay at the Renaissance. I was a little concerned after reading some previous reviews but we were more than satisfied with the choice. The ONLY inconvenience was having to go up an elevator to the 3rd floor, which is their temporary lobby, and then having to take another elevator up to the room. I'm sure this will not be an issue when all the renovations are complete which should be soon. On the plus side of this, the security people on the ground level ask to see your room keys before allowing you to go up to the lobby. The rooms were very spacious and the beds VERY comfortable. The bathroom was large and very attractive with mother of pearl tiles on the wall. The Lather amenities were nice. You can't ask for a better location in Times Square. The staff was very cordial and accomodating. We did not eat in their restaurant but there are scads of restaurants all around plus a market across the street Smilers I think that carried any kind of food that you could imagine. We used the smoothie shop adjacent to the hotel for yummy treats!

Great Location Spent 3 nights here April 20 - 23. Could not ask for better location. We walked to 2 shows, a movie, shopping and restaurants. Convenient to Rockefeller Center, Fifth Ave. and theaters. Consierge was very helpful although overwhelmed at times. Beds comfy with down pillows. Was disappointed in restaurant- (Foleys). We had 1 dinner and 1 breakfast there. Both meals mediocre but very expensive. Lots of good restaurants within walking distaance so skip the hotel food but enjoy the convenience of the location

Very enjoyable stay We just returned from a 5-day stay in New Orleans. We were fortunate to receive a complimentary upgrade when we checked in and had a huge room overlooking the patio. The hotel staff, from desk clerks to concierge, doormen, bellmen, even servers in the breakfast room and Clock Bar were without doubt the nicest group we have ever encountered, and we travel a great deal. They were friendly and extremely accommodating. The location is excellent (half block from Bourbon St.; rear entrance on Canal). Be sure to try Deanie's just across the street for excellent seafood.

Loved the Arctic Overall, a few items they're still working on I stayed in the smallest room type (Room 903)at the Arctic Club for 3 nights while attending a conference. Check-in was smooth and courteous. The room, while small, was I think one of the nicest rooms I have stayed in. The bathroom had a nice shower with a rainfall style showerhead, and was nicely decorated (marble top on a washstand vanity, vintage style light fixtures). I was expecting the room to have a queen size bed, but this room had a king. The bed was extremely comfortable, with nice pillows and a fluffy comforter. Housekeeping did an excellent job throught my stay. The room includes a flat screen TV, a DVD player, a minibar that I used as a refrigerator, CD alarm clock, comfy lounge chair and a desk and chair. The 9th floor had only been open for about a week so there were still a few issues. I had to call to get the electronic safe activated and have an iron delivered, but these items were taken care of quickly. 2 things I would change would be to add an additional outlet near the desk to pull in electronics and additional soundproofing on the windows, as there was significant noise from sirens. There is a small gym on the 1st floor, but no pool. I would stay here again if I could get another deal similiar to the price I paid this time.

Great Hotel! We enjoyed our stay at Adante Hotel would stay there again. We were greeted Tony at checkin who was always friendly helpful at the front desk. Our room was clean tidy with a huge ensuite, big TV, iron, safe ceiling fan. The area can feel a bit dodgy at night, but we felt safe going to from the hotel. The only negative is that the complimentary breakfast isn't very exciting, so we went to 'Dottie's True Blue Cafe' nearby enjoyed delicious breakfasts there.

Perfetto! My husband and I arrived in Florence late one night (flight delayed from Paris) and would have been thankful for a bed of hay in a cow barn, we were so exhausted! Instead, the taxi dropped us at what is surely one of the loveliest hotels in Italy...the Beacci Tornabuoni! The night staff was cheerful and welcoming, our room was a dream (high ceilings, lovely handpainted frescoes on the walls, luxurious bath.) But best of all---the management had given our daughter a key to the room (she was living in Florence at the time) and there our girl was, waiting for us with a delicious snack of local wine and cheese! I mention this to illustrate the family nature of this wonderful place: with all the overly-paranoid security issues these days, they could easily have denied her access to our room before we arrived, but they listened sympathetically to her tale of our travel woes, and agreed to let her in. The convenient location has been praised in other reviews, and I couldn't agree more! The breakfast is plentiful, the little bar so charming (like a library in a private home! My daughter and I had a few drinks there late one lazy afternoon, and had it all to ourselves except for the unobtrusive but attentive waiter).I would never stay anywhere else in Florence!

2nd Trip to Excellence and not the last! Service was beyond our expectations! Let me start by covering the basics briefly. The grounds are immaculate and gorgeous, the beach is breathtaking, the pools are awesome, the rooms are perfect, the food delicious, the service everywhere, excellent. Everything was as perfect as it was last year when it comes to the basics. We are getting married at Excellence next July and we knew this was our wedding location before we even got engaged! And when we did get engaged, we didn't have to compare resorts or feel like we were stuck between two places. This place is it! Easy decision.However, I recently found out I have a serious food allergy and I was very nervous about eating anywhere, let alone outside of the country. I was very nervous that a resort would not be able to accomodate my food allergy. I did figure because of the excellent service last year, that they would be the most likely to come through for me so that eased my mind. So I brought special sauces to cook my food in, special food and snacks and guess what? We barely used any of it! It was not necessary. The staff at Excellence went above and beyond to ensure my health safety and enjoyment of my trip. There are some people I must give a compliment to for their outstanding service:Chef Berthold ~Chief Executive Chef ~ I can not thank him enough for everything he did for me during my stay. He went above and beyond my expectations regarding my food allergy. He came to our lunch and dinner everyday before and after our meals to make sure the food was safe for me. On top of that, for the weekly beach party and pool soiree, he would walk me through every buffet station to go over what was in each dish. I ate like a queen. He even had a cook cut up a lime for me to put on my bug bites at the beach party! They also bought a special pan to cook my lunches and dinners in so I would not get sick!!! Talk about 5 star service! I never even felt restricted with the exception of dessert but we were too full every time to even contemplate that! I never imagined I would have such personalized and friendly service and I doubt I would receive that kind of service at any other resort. He is a kind and an amazing man! I know he truly enjoys his job. Excellence is sure lucky to have him!Elvira ~Head Concierge~ She was so accomodating even before I arrived. We spoke so many times over the internet and she answered all my questions. Everyday I would let her or one of the other concierges (thanks Carolina and Fior!) know where I would be eating that afternoon and evening and they would have someone bring my pan and sauces (the ones we never even had to use) to the restaurant. She is very sweet and always wanted to know if everything was going okay.Roberto~Club Manager~I never actually got to meet him because we did not stay in the club, but he was also extremely helpful prior to my arrival to make sure everything with my food allergy was being taken care of. Thanks!Rosaura~Hostess~She was so sweet and really understood my need for special attention and always got Chef Berthold right away for me. She even gave me a special gift for us to remember her by. Thank you!Now, as for our wedding, Ana the wedding planner is awesome! She took the time to show us pictures while we were there and help make some decisions and arrangements with us. She was very concerned about my allergy as well, and was very happy that everything worked out so amazingly. She is definitely a sweetheart because she put up with me emailing her everyday with questions about the wedding prior to our trip and even still! Thank you so much Ana! She sets up amazing weddings and makes them really special. I can't wait for our wedding day! The beach party they have every Tuesday is exactly how I picture the wedding reception. They really know how to set up a beautiful party!Also, Domingo the saxophonist is out of this world. We are definitely hiring him for our wedding and we even bought two of his cds. Soon he'll be famous in the United States and Europe. He is really the best saxophonist I've ever heard. Make sure you take the time to enjoy his beautiful music after the nightly shows.Luciano, the entertainment manager is so nice. I loved the circus music and asked what it was, and he made a copy of the cd for me!!The one and only thing I would complain about and I hope the resort hears this is how they shut off the lights in some walkways way too early and its so pitch black out there you dont know where you are walking or who is around you. It's one thing tto do it after everything has been closed for a while,but several times, we were either at the Cafe Bar or at the Sports bar and closed the place and as soon as the bar shuts the lights down, all the lights surrounding the area and beyond shut off too. They should considering leaving the lights on for at least 15 minutes so people can get back to their rooms safely. Otherwise, someone could get hurt. I think they want people to use the lobby area for walking at night for safetyreasons, but sometimes it just doesnt work that way depending on where you are at the time, and it ends up defeating the purposed about trying to keep the guests safe! Hope you hear me, Excellence!!!I can still not get over the outstanding, specialized service we received our entire stay. I've been raving about since we got home. This is what makes Excellence stand out above the rest. (can't forget the breathtaking beach too!)We can't wait to return next year for our beautful wedding and fantastic honeymoon! Yay!

Wonderful hotel All the wonderful reviews of this hotel are accurate. A lovely hotel in a very pleasant area of Paris. Of note is the addition of free internet in the hotel and a computer in the lobby for guest use. In addition to the regular continental breakfast there is simple breakfast (juice, coffee, croissant)for 6 euros and you can order cereal, eggs, etc for a moderate supplement. The staff is very competent and helpful. The only negative was the standard double did not have any drawers for organizing personal items.

Great Hotel Double Room

Wonderful Hotel ! We spent 5 nights at the Chancellor Hotel. We had a very enjoyable stay. The rooms are very clean and I loved the walk-in closet! The bed and linens were comfortable.Even though we did not try the pillow menu, it is a great feature. (the pillows we had on the bed were perfect for us). Also, the option to rent (very inexpensive) a foot or bath massager is a good idea. Those hills are killers !We were on the 13th floor (no bad luck here !) and had a nice view toward Union Square. With the window open and the ceiling fan on, our room was ok for temperature ... It was quite warm the week we were there. Remember that Sept Oct is summer in San Fran. The staff was all friendly and very helpful. From storing our luggage when we arrived early to buying muni passes and answering all our questions on directions etc... Thanks to all for the great service.All the little touches made the Chancellor a perfect choice... the coffee, tea, cookies, apples in the lobby... the candy and rubber ducky in the room ~~ All made us feel welcome !

didn't want to leave... My best friend and I were slated to stay at the new Majestic Elegance from November 8th to the 15th, but due to opening delays resided instead at the Majestic Colonial. I myself had never been to the Dominican Republic, where she had been numerous occasions to the different tourist areas throughout the country. I think we were both equally impressed with the resort and area alike. To me there could have been no better ambassador to the Dominican than the Majestic Colonial; every member of staff I met was extremely and genuinely friendly (not to mention incredibly hard working). I found this to be true elsewhere in the area as well (just in case you are thinking of excursions). Amazingly enough the great attitudes of the people working at the Majestic rubbed off on our fellows tourists; we made many new friends Dominican and American. The hotel itself is beautiful, perfectly echoing its natural surroundings. The grounds are impeccably landscaped and facilities are well-maintained. Rooms are spacious and very clean (love the big shower and Jacuzzi tub). Each room also has a balcony or sitting area which is nice for relaxing in the evening. The pool, though second to the beach in my opinion, is one of the hotels greatest assets. It is refreshing and large, spanning just about the entire length of the hotel. There is always a place to rest in the sun or under the palapas. Drinks are never far away whether walking to the bar or swimming. We tried all of the restaurants including the two a la carte, and always found something we like. Desserts were always fabulous; the local fruits were especially delicious (as is anything covered in chocolate!). The best place by far is the beach. I highly recommend snorkeling. There is a vast array of beautiful fish swimming around the coral reefs that dot the shoreline of the property. *While you are on the beach, say hello to the wonderful beach concierge Denny. He is very sweet, attentive, and will make you feel right at home. I miss him already!!!Do not hesitate to stay at this property. If you are easy going like myself, you will find nothing wrong. I think even the more discerning clientele would have to agree, the tiniest of problems are greatly overshadowed by the gracious people who are there to welcome you and assist you in your stay.

a room with a view If your room is on the right floor and you pay that little bit extra for the view, weather permitting, that view will be spectacular. The staff is courteous, the lounge is amusing, the is elegant and the breakfast is yummy. We've stayed here twice and each visit is enjoyable.

Fantastic place to stay! After reading a couple of very recent reviews from visitors I was concerned that my vist to the Argent would not be a good one - there were a number of complaints regarding the upgrading to a the Westin chain and the impact it was having. I have to totally disagree. The staff were fantastic, my hotel room was stunning, clean, well appointed and obviously a completed part of the upgrade to the Westin. I was visiting San Francisco on my own and the hotel was the perfect setting for shopping and sight seeing with an excellent location and felt very secure. My only criticism would be the automated mini bar system which made it impossible to keep soft drinks I had purchased myself cool due to the sensors designed to generate charges for mini bar purchases. A minor irritation though in the grand scheme of things. Would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone.

Let down by housekeeping Lovely hotel badly let down by the housekeeping service. When I arrived, the first room I was shown to, on the ground floor, had a broken blind leaving the room open to the boardwalk and people strolling back and forth right outside. The staff very kindly swiftly moved us to another room on the 3rd floor which was spacious with high ceilings and overlooked Walsh Bay. The staff we encountered (room service, front desk, bar staff) were exceptional. The slightly odd and noisy plumbing was slightly irritating but certainly not enough to put us off the hotel. Unfortunately the whole experience was marred by the terrible housekeeping service. Day one (we stayed for 4 nights), the room was cleaned adequately but not to a standard you would expect from a hotel of this level. Day two, I requested a change of sheets (request required in keeping with hotel's green policy) as there was a hole in one of the sheets. When we returned in the evening the bed was made to look like there were clean sheets but discovered the exact same hole in the sheet when I went to bed. Nothing else was cleaned in the room, bin were not emptied, drawers left open, toiletries/glasses/washcloths not refreshed and the towels left on the floor for replacement were still there. Day three the room was not touched at all - unfortunately we returned too late in the evening from our day out to raise it with the front desk. While 1-2 day sheets and towels can't be considered a hardship, it is certainly not what you expect from a 4-5 star hotel. While the hotel itself really was lovely and was nice to stay out of the CBD but still in easy reach of the city, the housekeeping experience has put me off returning to this hotel or any other in the Sebel/Mirvac chain.

Great Location! Walk of Fame

Very Impressed We have just stayed at this hotel for three nights and are so impressed. Probably one of the nicest, most modern rooms and spotlessly clean. Just across the road from the Anhalter station or a short taxi ride from the Hauptbahnhof.Just a short walk to Checkpoint Charlie and even a shorter to the remaining 200 metres of the Wall. Potsdammer Platz is also within walking distance.Very good Italian restaurant (Ristorante Marinelli) on the corner in the hotel building.

NICE 3STAR HOTEL Me and my boyfriend stayed in this hotel 15 jun 08 for 1 night before our cruise, not too far from port cost 8euro in a taxi and only 10 minutes from Las Ramblas about 5euro in a taxi. Upon arrival it was late as our flight was delayed there was no where to eat in the hotel but the staff recommended some places nearby to eat and they were very helpfull. The hotel is clean and modern, The rooms are small but furnished nicely with tv and table with 2 chairs and the bathroom is quite large. We must of been upgraded as we seemed to be the only ones with a large balcony which was lovely.This hotel does have building works going on outside on the street, its a little noisy but not too much to cause disruption. This hotel is a good price and close to everything. Would stay here again

Beautiful View My single room with balcony overlooking the Arno was beautifully situated, close to everything. The room itself was small but clean and comfortable. The bathroom, however, was small and not terribly clean. The shower (no tub) did not drain properly and was so small that when showering ones nose is pressed against the shower wall. This is not OK when the shower wall is visibly unclean. The breakfast was quite good and filling. The Staff was very pleasant but not especially helpful. I do not consider this to be a 4 star hotel or worth the price. However, the view was worth the other disappointments.

Great Getaway We just got back from a four day stay at the Hotel Rex, and we had a great time. It was our first time in San Francisco, and we didn't want to stay at a chain hotel. The Hotel Rex lived up to its positive reviews, and we certainly weren't disappointed. The staff is wonderful at the hotel! We were always greeted witha smile, and any questions or requests were taken care of immediately. Great touch--the day manager brings his pug to the hotel---sweetest, most mellow dog I've seen in a while (and my girls loved him!). The bar and restaurant manager, David, had some wonderful suggestions as to where to go off the path, as well as a great dinner suggestion. We ate breakfast at the hotel restaurant--a small, cozy place, with very good food. We also enjoyed the complimentary glass of wine in the evenings (between 5 and 6 p.m.).The hotel is very cool in its decor. Take the time to read some of the quotes in the halls by the elevator.We were lucky to have a suite--it was spacious, and we even had two jazz cds on our bedstand. And the bed was wonderfully comfortable, especially after a long day of sightseeing!When I booked the room I mentioned that we were belatedly celebrating our daughter's 16th birthday. The satff was so gracious to all of us--and to my daughter--and even placed a bouquet of flowers and a musical birthday card in the room for her!This was a fun trip with a stay at a wonderful hotel.

an enjoyable holiday We have returned from the Occidential Grand Flamenco, Punta Cana 2nd August we stayed there for 2 weeks. It has beautiful well maintained gardens and pool areas, a fantastic beach the sea is lovely and warm. I have seen complaints about the food, these people must be very fussy eaters. The food was good during our stay, there is a wide choice, the only problem we found about the food is was not always piping hot. We ate what we fancied and none of us got any up-set stomachs during our stay. Sometime it was busy in the main buffet at certain times, which did mean you might not get a drink straight away, but chill its a holiday no need to rush. There were some nationalities thet don't know the meaning of 'wait your turn' and would push in front of you whilst waiting for you omlette to be cooked they would especially push in front of our children (HOW RUDE!!! that is all i will say on that matter)The room's are of a large size and the decor is a little dated however, they are kept very clean.We always had hot water and the A/C was a little noisy but it work very well. We had a junior suite which is fantastic for a family, which we are. We left between 2- 5 $ per day and I took gifts for the staff e.g tooth brushes, make-up, false nails, toiletries, pencils and crayons etc which i gave out don't and forget the gardeners, they work very long hours to keep the garden looking fantastic. In return we were left spirts, wine, beer and lovely flower towel decorations. All the staff were friendly, apart from the staff on reception, we found them to be rude and they did not speak very good English (or they made out they didn't). Don't go there if you do have a problem, go to the guest services near the amusement area in the lobby. We tried all the different restraunts we like the orential the best (no children allowed under 18 yrs though) Luckly our children are old enough to be left alone for a hour or so. They went to the pizza place and the waiter was aware we we were in the orential and he said he would serve them and watch them, which he did. Even though they are old enough and sensible it was nice of him to offer.Go and visit William the bar man in the beach bar hut, he his a GREAT man. You can see he enjoys his job, which is great for a man who is away from his family for long periods of time. If you treat them how you want to be treated they have a great deal of respect for you. I have read on other trip advisors reviews that they had things stollen, I was worried about this, but we had nothing taken and we heard of no others having any problems, during our stay. The evening entertainment was poor and mainly in Spanish, we were expecting professional shows, it was the day enterainment staff that also did the evening shows, they worked hard and well to their ability. It is the hotels fault they need to bring in professional acts of an evening. Luckly we met some great people therfore, we spent most evenings chatting and made are own entertainment. We all enjoyed our time in the Dominican and i would go back to this hotel, happy holidays

Okay for the money The hotel has an excellent location. I felt extremely safe and the subway (red and blue lines) is only about a 3 block walk away. The lodge itself could use some work. The bed was extremely hard. After a long day/night of walking the last thing you want is a hard bed. There was also a dingy smell to the place, but it was tolerable. We stayed on the first floor with a shared toilet. It was rarely otherwise occupied so that really wasn't an issue. The shower and sink worked well in the room. It got pretty warm outside one of the days we were there, and so, fairly warm in the room. I turned on the ceiling fan and was sprinkled with dust bunnies, which was kinda gross. There was not much closet space, and only about 4 hangers, so bring some extra if you plan on hanging up your clothes. The desk and dresser drawers were not the most appealing places to store your clothes, so we opted for keeping everything in our suitcases. There was a flat screen in the room, but some channels didn't come in very well. However, we rarley watched tv so this wasn't really a big issue. The walls are thin so you can hear whenever someone else talks. The only reasons this place is above average are b/c it is cheap for NYC, and has a safe, conveinent location. If you are used to chain hotels, this place may take a little getting used to, but it was worth the $$$ we saved to stay here.

Really nice break. Me and my partner stayed here for 3 nights from the 28th December 2007. The hotel was great, very modern, friendly staff, good food and lovely rooms. The breakfast selection is ok, very basic but nice buffet laid out, we ate an evening meal at the hotel once which was really nice. Rooms very modern, with leather walls with led lights and plasma tv. Our room was a superior room which was an ok size, previous reveiws have said these are bigger than standard so Id recommend an upgrade to superior. We had a gorgeous modern bathroom (no clear wall for shower as previous reveiws said- so if travelling with friend best to request room without transparant walls to bathroom as they are availible as we had one - room 417) The centre of florence and Ponte Vecchio is a good 15-20 mins walk away, but its such a lovely walk it'd be a shame to get taxi's or the bus. Plenty of restaurants in the centre and station only 15min walk away if you fancy day trip to pisa - which is brilliant!!We used the pillow menu and the hotel and I have to reccommend the goose down pillow - amazing for good nights sleep!!The bar is ultra modern, but expensive for drinks, free snacks throughout the evening though which is nice touch. Overall brillant break away, cheap deal off expedia well worth it. Hotel excellent - very pleased with our break.

Hi Edwin and Garret !! We found Jay's on Trip Advisor !! It really is special and Quercy, Edwin and Garret were the BEST. Sorry it took me so long to write a review ( we stayed August 8 on...) My sister and I were treated like Princesses. We loved everything about Jay's. The location is perfect, close to the Metro, Eiffel, Champs yet a very non-touristy residential street. Yes, we would stay there again and my niece hopes your engagement, Garret, might not happen ! Just kidding... :-) Loved the rooms, HUGE and bathrooms, HUGE (great Clarins products, too) and the special touches of fruit, chocolate, etc. Edwin is the sweetest manager of housekeeping and the rooms were immaculate. He did everything possible to make our stay wonderful. We were actually choked up when we were leaving to go to the airport as we said our good-byes !

Disappointing but good value for the price We stayed here for one night while on holiday on the Costa Brava. We booked this hotel as it was recommended by a friend from Barcelona and was one of the only decent looking places for less than 250 euros. The handy access from the station is good but not well signposted so you can walk in a circle trying to find it! This entrance closes however at 12pm and the only other way in we saw was up some steep metal stairs which looked like they'd be a nightmare if you'd had a few cavas in town. The Bus Touristic also stops right outside on it's blue line which was handy, although the bus was packed every time it came past and we couldn't always get on the first one that came. This bus also only runs until 8pm, when it changes into a nighttime tour that you have to pay again for. The room was OK - spacious and with a great view of the city, but it just seemed to be really dated, I think the choice of green for all the wood etc was a bad one. The bed was absolutely massive, and a welcome relief from the tiny campbed we had been on in our selfcatering apartment. The bathroom however was about the same quality as in our apartment - cracked tiles, missing sealant around the bath, 30 year old rusty taps. Really disappointing. We decided to have breakfast in the hotel and that was also pretty disappointing. A reasonable selection but they could have done so much more. A lot of the things they listed on the breakfast advert in the room weren't actually available, like milkshakes which were specified as being a feature (cue one disappointed husband!!). If you do stay here also check out the vending machines on the reception floor by the gym - bottled water is 55 cents here rather than the 2.50 the minibar charges, and it stocks icecreams too. I'd say for a handy location (if you're travelling from the Sants station) and the price (cheap for Barcelona), this is a good place to stay but don't expect great things.

OK but not great The hotel itself was nice and the location was good, especially being on the PATH system and so close to The Bay and The Eaton Centre. The room itself however was a little outdated, the bathroom fittings and shower doors were rusting, the tv sets in both rooms had poor picture quality, and the kitchenette facilities were quite disappointing. Usually we book through last minute sites and pay a fraction of the price, only to end up with one of the poorer quality rooms in a hotel, this time we booked directly with the hotel and still got what we felt was a poorer quality room so I don't know if all the rooms are like this or we're just unlucky! All in all I'd say if you can get a good price then it's worth it, but if you pay normal rate like we did then you will leave feeling a little ripped off.

Great Hotel for the Price We are bay area locals staying in the city for one night, and wanted a decent hotel for a good price (which is hard to come by in SF, especially this time of year!)...I did a lot of research, and decided that based on the reviews here on Trip Advisor, that the Hotel Carlton would be worth a try...I was right...from the moment we walked in the door, we were greeted by extremely friendly front desk and bell staff... who made us feel at home right away. Valet parking was a little steep- $30...but worth it for the in out privileges... We stayed on the Everest floor, in a deluxe room, which I think is just a tad bigger than the regular floors- and it also had a flat screen TV, which was nice. The room was clean, and well appointed... the bathroom was small, but very clean...The only thing I would say that is partially negative about this hotel is that the walls are indeed VERY thin...so if you are a light sleeper, it may not be the best choice for you...All in all- a great stay!

Wonderful Pacific Heights Gem We stayed at the Hotel Drisco (sadly, only for one night)... for our friends' wedding.. We easily found a parking spot outside when we arrived (before check-in time)... which is so rare in San Francisco... were greeted with hot towels, and quickly shown to our room. The room was beautiful, with a small separate sitting area. Light filled the space and bounced off the crisp white linens as we entered the bedroom . We only had a few minutes to spend in the room before heading off to the wedding, but when we returned, the bed had been turned down, and light jazz was playing softly from the bedside alarm clock radio. There were also a couple of cookies and a little card on the tv table, indicating the weather for the next day so that we could be prepared (it was unseasonably warm, but beautiful)... which I thought was a nice touch. The bathroom was small, but efficient, and the rug was super plush. There was also a bathroom amenity basket filled with many thoughtful items for sale, which can be a life saver for some guests, I'm sure! The actual bathroom amenities were wonderful, as well- it's nice to get something other than Gilchrist Soames for a change! The only ding I have to give this property is one that many people already know and accept about staying in older, boutique hotels- you can hear EVERYTHING that's going on in your neighbors room- above and to the side-... In the evening luckily, we were so tired, we only noticed it right before nodding off to sleep, but in the morning, were awakened in the morning by a previously set alarm clock (5:45am) , and the guests next door to us using a hair dryer. We did partake in the complimentary breakfast, but opted to dine in our room, since we had the sitting area- it was great. The food was simple, but hit the spot. The dining room area was spacious, and filled with light, people were quietly reading the newspaper or having their morning coffee- it was very mellow. I can't say enough about this neighborhood, it's so nice to stay in San Francisco, and not have to deal with the crowds, haggling for a cab, or waiting for a valet to bring your car- we checked out, leisurely walked to our car, and agreed that we'd return very soon!

Ok stay, nothing special- kind of weird We stayed here for the San Francisco Marathon... and it was a great location for that... I can imagine this place is good for business travelers who are in the financial district... but it left much to be desired in the way of warmth. Everything is VERY sterile here... and the rooms are the oddest shaped I've ever seen, and had we not opted for the superior room, we would have been staying in a hole... all the lighting is very institutional... I also felt very itchy in the bed, perhaps the sheets were too rough, or perhaps there were bugs- not sure.

San Francisco Gem! We stayed at the Westin one night for our friend's wedding. I made a reservation through the Rooms Reservations Manager- and he was wonderful about a great rate, and he attempted to upgrade the room. HOWEVER- at check-in- the front desk agent decided to void the upgrade to speed us through the line! I was very disappointed that he never even asked us if we'd like to wait for the upgraded room!! When we arrived at our room on the 11th floor, the door was OPEN! The room was clean and ready for us, but it was VERY disconcerting that the door to our room would be OPEN! The room was nice- the bathroom was typical San Francisco- VERY petite! The chandelier in the sleeping room was a nice touch.. The heavenly bed was a little less than heavenly- but it did the trick. For the location in San Francisco, if I was a tourist, this would be an impressive place to stay- but being a local, I expected a bit more!

Overally satisfying experience We stayed at Club Quarters Boston from April 25th to April 27th 2008.We arrived in Boston at 6:30 in the morning of the 26th. We went directly to the hotel because we wanted to leave our luggages there until check-in time - but surprisingly, the room was already available ! It was a very appreciated opportunity since we had just made an exhausting 7 hour bus ride.Otherwise, two things could have been better : the staff and the noise. The staff isn't the friendliest in the world. I don't have any souvenir of a smile or anything like that. They do their job - but that's it. As for the noise, we could easily hear conversations in the bathrooms on other floors and in the corridors. But overally, considering the location daily rate, negative aspects just aren't that important.If you're staying at Club Quarters during the week-end, keep in mind that you'll have to walk a little to get to restaurants and stores. Since the hotel is located in the heart of Financial District, everything nearby is closed on Saturday and Sunday. But Boston being a relatively small city, pretty much everything is in a reasonnable walking distance.The room size was just fine for two people. Although the bathroom could have easily been a little bigger even to the room's lost, if was very comfortable. To my surprise, there was a fridge and microwave in the room, which happened to be very useful in my case. The room was clean and neat.The proximity of the pub is handy - drinks and beer are great and cheap. Food is pretty good but don't bother getting the brunch on mornings - it's $18 per person for not so many choices. They have a breakfast special - two eggs, a huge sausage, potatoes, beans and toasts for $10. The staff is mostly friendly. Overally, I'd say we had a very good experience at Club Quarters. We recommend it for businness travelers or couples. Not really appropriate for people travelling with children. We'll certainly return to one of the many Club Quarters in the future.

Never Stay Here Again We stayed here the weekend of November 18-22, 2003. We travel a lot and have not stayed in such a dive, ever. The front desk staff was rude. We arrived early afternoon and were told to hang around until 3:00 when we could get in line to check in. We reserved a king room over the Internet but were given a terribly small queen room with no closet because we didn't book directly through the hotel. The entire visit the lovely courtyard was covered by a filthy, mold-covered tarp, which was what we saw when we left or entered our room, or attempted to look out the window. Housekeeping was virtually nonexistant. After much begging we finally had service after the third day (no towel change, linen change, etc.) I will never stay here again and would definately not recommend this place to anyone. HORRIBLE!!

What an added bonus!! We were given this trip as a Christmas bonus from my Boss.So we didn't get to research and pick our hotel. But, we were so please with this hotel. Overall excellant,great smiling faces by staff. Vallet (these guys weregreat, running for your car and ready to answer allour 1st timer questions). Starbucks, ABC store, hotel stores, awesome restaurants, beach with great sunsets and sunrises, entertainment everynight--- all right there. Great location for shopping heaven. Walking on the beach at sunrise and sunset, words could not express. Our room was in the Diamond head tower, we were given an upgrade for a partial view. The room was small, but perfect for 2 adults, very clean, neat, well decorated with island style.Everything you needed in a room you will not be in much. The bathroom was beyond small,no tub, no space for your personnal items. But, the rest of our stay here, everything was so wonderful, I soon forgot about the bathroom. We would stay here again. Just right****

A beautiful hotel! I can only endorse what everyone else has said about this wonderful small hotel! The rooms in the annexe are superb, location great, outside dining courtyard beautiful! Breakfast very appetizing, everything you could wish for. Walter and Sandro couldn't be more helpful! More than you could hope for at the price!

Great location and comfortable rooms Comfortable bed, wonderful staff, and exceptional location. Very easy to get to from the Bay Bridge (which was important since my friends were in Oakland), and a convenient walk away from the major SF attractions. Would definitely stay here again.

City Centre hotel with style and charm Sienna home of the Palio race

Great hotelto celebrate our 42nd wedding anniversary Duomo from the tourist bus

great time This hotel is less than 5 minutes walk from the train stationWe had a triple room which had a seperate area for the third bed(little bit of privacy)The hotel location is excellent, the market is outside and it easy to get to the duomo within minutes.The are lots of cheap resaurants nearby as well as a launderette(bonus, as we were on a tour)Would definitely go there again, and plan to very soon

Pity about the great reviews! Chose this hotel because of all the wonderful reviews on Tripadvisor and was really excited about another visit to Paris. However, on arrival we were told that our room was unavailable (sick child - heard it before, must be unlucky!) and we would have to go to a hotel across the road. We ended up really lucky in the Relais Bosquet with a superior room which was huge (unlike the Cadran) and with free breakfast (which we didn't have in Cadran), and where the service was exemplary. Suspect we were moved because others were prepared to pay more! Not a good practice and extremely annoying!

Great little hotel Great hotel in really nice area with good access to and nearby monuments such as Eiffel Tower and Les Invalides. Very clean and comfortable with great continental breakfast as well as polite serivice. Stayed in Room 33 (superior) which is one of largest rooms we've stayed in in Paris with great view of top of Eiffel Tower. Would not hesitate to recommend to friends.

Outstanding! We stayed at Residence HIlda for 4 nights. We were a group of 5 - my husband, mother in law, and our 2 daughters. The apt. was very spacious, composed of a large master bedroom with a TV (minimum satellite channel choices), lots of closet space, another room with a small, functional kitchen with a dining area, and one luxurious bathroom. We stayed at a Superior Apartment, and the sleeping accommodations were as follows: One queen/king bed in the master room with a twin bed; a larger twin bed (coverted from a sofa) in the kitchen area; and another twin bed in the hall to the bathroom. Although I found the accommodations a little crowded, and would have liked a 2nd bathroom, my preteen/teenage daugthers loved having twin beds, vs. sharing a bed. In fact, they said it was their favorite hotel in Italy (we also visited Rome and Venice). The room was decorated in a modern, yet sophisticated style, with beautiful wood flooring. The only negative about the room is that the acoustics were not the best...we had a family with young children above us and they kept running around pounding on the floor. The situation got so bad my husband had to go upstairs and ask them to keep it down. We still could hear them the next day, though. There was an internet connection in the room, although not wireless. The windows were pretty soundproof as we couldn't hear much coming from the street. The location was excellent - - literally 2-3 blocks from Piazza Dei Duomo, 2 blocks from L' Accademia (where you can see David) and a 10 walk to the Uffizi Gallery. Tons of shops and places to eat around. We drove from Rome and took day trips to Pisa and Siena, which we highly recommend. Overall, it was a great experience and we would stay at this hotel again.

Fantastic! My husband, 2 daughters and mother in law stayed at Corte Grimani for two nights in Jan 08. We stayed at a wonderful, cozy apartment composed of a very large bedroom with a queen/king bed, and a pullout queen bed. The master bedroom was luxurious. The other room had another pullout queen bed and it's own bathroom, as well as a small kitchen with all amenities, a plasma TV and a dining area. We had quaint views of the canal. The room was sparkling clean and perfect for our group...lots of space. The customer service was A+. We decided to have breakfast at the hotel, and the buffet was very complete. There is also complimentary internet in the room (but not wireless). Besides its comfort, the best asset of this apt. hotel is is location. It is in a quiet corner, only 2-3 blocks from Piazza San Marco, close to all major attractions, restaurants and shops. We recommend taking a water taxi directly to the hotel entrance and also back to the airport if you're flying out of Marco Polo airport. Overall, it was a perfect experience....we would definitely stay there again when visiting Venice.

not great...... We picked the hotel as we wanted to be near the beach but not too far away from the centre of things as we were staying for 5 nights.The location was fine, the beach and port (with all it's bars and restaurants) just a 5 minute walk away, but other than that the hotel was really isolated - but at least it was quiet at night.Check in was short and sweet, but they forget to tell everyone that you need to use your hotel key card in the lift or you won't be going anywhere..... luckily some other guests helped us out.The room was ok, but the bathroom door didn't shut, it took a few hours and phone calls to resolve but as the hotel was full and we couldn't change rooms, they did send someone to fix it pretty quickly. We had to go down and spend a couple of hours by the crowded pool area while we waited (it's VERY small, even smaller than the pictures on the websites so don't expect to get a sun lounger). Otherwise the room was ok fittings new, just don't look too closely and so you don't notice the bathroom ceiling had a damp patch and the bedside cabinet tops weren't properly clean.... they do provide tea and coffee, but no milk and the plastic tea spoons disappeared after day 1.... be prepared to bring your own!! On the 3rd day there was a problem with a burst pipe so we had no water for a day - we called to complain and reception explained no one had water (hadn't had it all day, not that they bothered to tell anyone) and then brought us one 1litre bottle of mineral water to wash with (between the two of us). When the water came back on it was slightly yellow, so we decided not to use it.Breakfast was very mediocre (hot food limited and cold) - ok I think pretty atrocious for a 4 star hotel (coffee tasted like watery instant, and only herbal tea as an alternative) - the rest was disappointing, suggest you head to the local shops or the port for a much better option (and cheaper!) So, to the main complaint, after day 1 we decided to cancel breakfast which we had pre-booked for one of us - and were told by an incredibly rude man at reception (he kept answering the phone without a single apology while talking to us), who told us we couldn't, it was included in the price (no it wasn't) and only when we got annoyed would he check our reservation and realise that we had ordered the breakfast separately and yes it could be cancelled. Reception in general were rude and unhelpful, not interested in helping or providing good service. We asked about the theatre tickets (as per the leaflet in reception) and they told us to go to the theatre ourselves and buy tickets..... the one notable exception was the very nice lady who helped us check out very quickly and ordered a taxi as our flight had changed, she was quick and efficient.The hotel is just about ok, although I think VERY expensive for what you get, I think you are better off paying a bit more for the hotels nearer the port/town - they are also that bit nearer to things as it's about 30 min walk to the old town from the hotel icaria -or picking something more reasonably priced nearer town - the public transport system is fantastic cheap (don't go on the tourist bus, get on the metro/use taxis - it actually worked out much cheaper and far more flexible)Barcelona however is fantastic, worth the trip, but probably you should pick another hotel.

Brilliant hotel My husband and i stayed at Hotel Lungarno for 3 nights and we found this hotel to be a great find.It is located a short walk from the shops and restaurants.We booked a suite room and were pleasantly surprised by the size and the decor was lovely throughout the hotel not just our room. We had a huge balcony (although we did not use it due to it being too cold) which would have been perfect for breakfast with views over the river.The staff were freindly and efficient, the bar excellent and i can say the restaurant was one of the best meals we have had and we travel frequently and have sampled food all over the world.I would recommend this hotel as a great place to stay in Florence.

Was ok We stayed at this hotel for a week over christmas. We found the location very good, great restaurants and bars on third avenue which is a blocks walk away.The staff were extremely friendly and informative. The rooms were big but the bathroom was on the small side. We could not help but think that the kitchen was space that could have been but to better use say a bigger bathroom.Overall we found our stay at the Affinia |Dumont to be pleasant but not as good as other hotels we have stayed in like Omni Berkshire.

First class hotel My husband baby and i have just returned from our week trip to New York and would recommend that if you are visiting the states then stay at the Sofitel.We have been to New York 4 times and have stayed at different hotels but none compare to the excellent service we received at the Sofitel.There is not a kettle in the room and i phoned reception to request one so that i could use it for my son's milk and within 10 minutes one appeared in our room.The concierge recommended several excellent restaurants that we would not have visited if not for them.We had breakfast at the hotel on the day we were leaving and it was so good we wished we had gone there before.There were no negatives about this hotel. The business room was enough for the three of us including a cot. All in all we all had a wonderful stay and will be back next year.I must also say that the staff in the bar are excellent.

FAB for Barcelona on a budget! I stayed here with my boyfriend on a 3 night break. We got a ridiculously cheap deal - less than per night for a double room, and were a bit apprehensive about staying in a 2-star hotel. However, it was a fantastic experience! Nice modern decor, spotlessly clean, good bath and shower, and although not huge, not cramped in the slightest. The mirrored wardrobe covering one entire wall of the room was a little disturbing at first, but fab for getting ready and for, um, romantic getaways!! The staff were very friendly, and it's in a great location, a stone's throw from the metro and not far from any of the main attractions of the city - in fact, we walked everywhere at night to avoid paying for taxis after the metro shut! Mini-bar is also a nice touch. Only problem we had was the fact that our 'double bed' was actually 2 singles pushed together, and they didn't always stay together! Apparently this is pretty standard practice on the continent though? Overall an Excellent choice if you're doing Barcelona on a budget. With Easyjet flights we had a 4 day break for each.

Loved the sumner! I stayed here with my parents end June 2008, stayed for 5 days. We had requested for a triple room and they got us a basement room - big enough for 3 of us. Tho initially when we saw we were placed next to the bfast room, we were worried bout the noise, but it was perfect.Which brings me to bfast - fabulous and delicious - eggs (2 types), sausages, baked beans, bacon - all very well cooked, plus a small selection of cereal, cheese and breads.The hotel itself is lovely, and the use of the free internet available 24/7 was much appreciated.Location is fantastic, just 5 mins walk to Marble Arch, with nearby grocers, small cafes and resturants if we're feeling lazy to venture more than 10mins beyond the hotel to have a bite.

Loved the Royal Ramblas Rooms were lovely, staff were helpful and friendly, location was brill. would definatly reccommend it and would love to return again soon.

only if you're desperate!! Having read the reviews I was a little concerned about the hotel before arriving. I should have listened to my instincts! It looks closed from the outside, the scaffolding has gone, but the building is still filthy and massively knocked about.There are dustsheets everywhere covering the interior, paper over a new marble floor in the foyer, generally a very poor first impression. The staff seem pleasant, although take proof of your booking, we were told that breakfast wasn't included for expedia guests, luckily our confirmation email said that it did. You do need to go along the road to a different hotel for excellent buffet style breakfast.We were given one of the refurbished rooms, just as pictured on the website, but perhaps using trick photography!! Quite possibly the smallest double room I've ever been in, you are able to walk round the bed, but there was only about a foot to spare at the bottom. No bedside cabinets or lamps, but the most inappropriately large desk you've ever seen, no chair though!The ensuite was very nice, everything you need, but very snug with a glass door into the bedroom.The air conditioning worked and was needed, it was very warm overnight.

The Drisco is a gem in a neighborhood of gems Selected for its residential neighborhood, historic qualities and small size, the Hotel Drisco did not disappoint. The hotel has a club-like atmosphere with very friendly and professional staff. Each member of this staff was always ready to do whatever they could to make our stay more comfortable and enjoyable, from front desk personnel to the housekeeping staff. However, and this is very important to us, they were never intrusive, a quality we sometimes find unappealing at a bed and breakfast. Guests should know that the hotel has added the service of hot panini sandwiches, available on a 24-hour basis, which demonstrates the concern the hotel has that nothing contributing to guest convenience has been overlooked.After our first experience over Christmas at this hotel, we have already booked in for the same time next year. The two-room suite with beautiful Bay view is a perfect place to enjoy a home-like holiday.

Central with super friendly staff Booked directly with hotel for a business trip. Very centrally located, right off the Dam and a ten min walk to the central rail station. Base rm rate about $200 /nite.Room: small of course, quite typical for EU, but since travelling alone, was fine (suspect was even in a double occupancy room - can't imagine being particularly comfortable if had to share). Clean, but only fair in terms of bed comfort, queen (full?) sized bed.Bathroom: practially performing yoga routine to get into shower: big step up and a big step down, not so easy for those of us not exactly tall. Not recommended for anyone with any minor mobility issues. Very small but adequate. Not much vanity space for toiletries, problematic if travelling with a +1.Dining: ate dinner at hotel restaurant, was decent, homey Dutch-style cuisine, ok since a winter trip. Breakfast buffet was actually nicer than ok: typical selections plus a couple hot options (really nice bacon actually - a splurge for breakfast for me). Staff VERY friendly and helpful!!!

Fantastic Honeyymoon We chose Bali as our Honeymoon as neither of us had been there before and we wanted to go to the Far East. Upon arrival at the airport you are required to pay $25 airport tax so be pepared for that. When we pulled up to the Westin the entrance was awesome there were 4-5 conceirge waiting and a Balinese musician, we were offered cold flannels and a cocktail as soon as we arrived. Check in took about 10 minutes and as we were honeymooners we received a complimentry hours massage each. The room was spacious huge bed and good size bathroom with Molton Brown Products No bath though. We received chocolates or cake every day around 5pm freshly made. The pool area is clean with a swim up bar. The beach area is literally 20 steps from the pool to the sea. There are a few balinese sellers on the beach they all have the same t shirts on with different numbers they dont hassle you though. Breakfast is good a wide variety The evening food was awesome every day we had something different and each time just fab. All the staff are very friendly and will go out of their way. You can easily access the other hotels which you can eat in also which is right next door. Not much entertaiment going on but jump in a cab and head into town wher e there is loads going on its about 15 mins and around $6 each way. I would definately reccomend this hotel we had a lovely time

NICE facilities, HORRIBLE, HORRIBLE service! Lobby

Fantastic Location, Great Staff Our twin room

perfect in every way! This was our second visit to the Ritz having stayed there inAugust 2007 as well. The hotel is perfect in every way. We stayed on Club Level which I would highly suggest and the staffcould not have been more friendly or accomodating. Our twodaughters ages 12 and 17 loved the San Francisco Ritz and wereanxious to return. They both had a gift waiting for them insidethe room upon arrival and then they were both anxious to getto the lounge and enjoy the wonderful food. We found all staffto go above and beyond to make your stay as wonderful as possible. The hotel is beautiful and in a great location to walk to Union Square etc. Our room was very nice and perfect for a family of 4. In my opinion the Ritz is well worth the price as they treat you royally.

Wonderful Escape My husband and I left our teenagers and escaped to the City to celebrate my birthday. When we arrived we were greeted warmly. I had had a horrific day so I was looking forward to getting to our room asap so I could unwind. I briskly walked out of our car and straight to the lobby. I was greeted by at least two or three hotel employees and they somehow already knew my name. We stayed in a club floor room which is worth the extra $100 or so. Our room was beautiful and recently renevated(?). The club staff were definately there to ensure a pleasant stay. The food was lite but yummy and the drinks made by Johnathon were perfect. Francisco and Crystal also made sure our stay was perfect. Crystal even got us in last minute reservations for Aqua for my birthday dinner. Thanks Ritz-Carlton for making my birthday relaxing, fun and overall a very pleasant experience. Can't wait to return. Sorry I don't have any photos but I believe our room # was 823. It is at the end and very quiet.

Great vacation! We stayed at the Bahia Principe for a week - from Sat. Feb 9th through Sat. Feb 16 2008. We booked online through Apple and left from Philadelphia for a direct flight to Punta Cana. Our original reservations were for the main resort, Bahia Principe Punta Cana, but we arrived after 10 p.m. and were told we were upgraded, which we found out meant they were overbooked. So we were taken to Ambar, which is the newest section of the resort, BUT were told we had to use the restaurants, bars and pools in our original location - and they were quite far apart. My husband asked - nicely - and we were given privileges to use everything at Ambar. Another couple who were arguing and yelling at the manager, were NOT accomodated, so please be nice! Anyway, the entire resort grounds can be confusing - there is Punta Cana, Bavaro, Ambar, Diamond, and they are all separate, but there are common areas. Trying to figure it out took all week. But instead of worrying about it, we just enjoyed where we were. There is SO much there, it would be impossible to use it all anyway, so just go out and enjoy. The grounds are immaculate, the beach is beautiful. All the things others have said are true about reserving beach chairs or palapas - I swear people go out in the middle of the night to stake their spot. We did get a palapa every day, but it was not easy. Beach towels are provided, and plenty of towels in the room. Ambar rooms are serviced twice a day - maid service in the morning, and turn down service at night - with more towels, chocolates and little bottles of liquor. Minibar was replenished every day with beer, bottled water, soda. If you use washcloths in the shower, bring them - we bought 15/$5 at Walmart. The rooms are lovely, the mattress was comfortable, and so were the pillows. The pillow service and bath service are extra at Ambar - you can order scented pillows, and scented baths, but I can't see the point myself. There is a lovely balcony where you can sit at night and have a cocktail - be careful - our porch door locked behind us and we were stuck on the balcony until our shouting got a maintenance man. Making yourself understood is difficult - hardly anyone speaks anything other than Spanish. But they try very hard.The food was wonderful, particularly at the buffet. So many people complain about hot not being hot - cold not being cold. Aside from the cold cuts ( which we don't eat) we found everything to be as would be expected. There were plenty of choices, a theme every night, and beautiful selections of salads and desserts. Coffee is served only at breakfast. The specialty restaurants are a nice idea, but there are many servers running around in a disorganized fashion, and the food is not really reflective of the theme. We had reservations in the Italian restaurant, Portofino, and there was NO pasta on the menu that night. Nothing remotely Italian. Also, we sat and waited there for 45 minutes, got water and bread, but never got anything else. Some tables were getting excellent service and some were getting none at all. We left and went to the buffet. The staff on the grounds, the buffet, and the cleaning staff are very efficient. So are the barmaids - but we usually went to the lobby bar at Punta Cana - much livelier. There is also coffee and tea service every day at 4.Drinks are OK - many not like what'd you get in the US with the same name. Margaritas are good, blended drinks, and Irish coffee. And don't forget to try mamajuana - the aphrodiasiac that makes mamma wanna. It's made with rum, branches, spices, etc - and you drink it as a shot - loved it! We saw one show, Lion King. Very cute, kind of amateurish, but this is not Broadway. The shops at the little village were OK - mostly cheap souvenirs. Be sure to bargain - a lot. Casino costs extra- didn't go. Didn't take any side trips.All in all, we had a wonderful vacation - we went to relax, and we did. We spent our days on the beach reading and walking and just enjoying the beautiful weather. At night we dressed nicely for dinner and had a nice dinner with wine. Got tons of beautiful photos.For all the complaints we read, we would still go there again, and just realize that nothing is perfect, and the people here try hard to please and they are very nice and friendly. Exceptions were a couple bartenders who had an attitude, but you will find different people everywhere. We tried to tip people who don't usually get tips - like the drivers of the shuttles that are available day and night, and the housekeepers. Just GO and enjoy - be sure to take insect repellant ( our room in building 69 was on the edge of the jungle and I am covered in mosquito bites), sunscreen, immodium in case of diarrhea, books for the beach, insulated mugs to keep your beer cold on the beach, and some hats. Don't overpack - you don't need more than lots of swimsuits and some nice clothes for evening - we could have gotten along with HALF of what we took. We would highly recommend Bahia Principe - it's a work in progress, but we'd surely go there again anyway. We have been to many other all-inclusives and this one is very, very nice. Enjoy!

fantastic service we were staying in a hotel in santa monica and we were extremely unhappy with the service so we decided to check into the hilton at universal city as we were spending the next day at universal studios then flying out to san francisco. it was a perfect location for visiting universal studios and all city walk. we found that we were over at city walk both nights and even though it is only a short walk over there from the hotel, they actually offered a free shuttle service that took us across to city walk. the service was execptional and we thoroughly enjoyed our stay here. Next time we visit los angeles we will be basing our selves at the hilton. fantastic hotel.10/10

Absolutely pathetic from start to finish I travel a lot for work and have had better service and quality at a Days Inn. Their star rating is a joke. My experience started with a highly impersonal and grouchy check in at the front desk and continued with the following room problems: 1.) Called to request a fan for the room (I always sleep with white noise and always get a fan at hotels). Never arrived. Called again. Never arrived. Next mornning, after getting very little sleep, a man at the front desk gave me his little fan.2.) Called down upon settling into my room because of horrible cigarette smoke coming from somewhere. Confirmed I was on a non-smoking floor, but was told the floor below me is smoking. No apology, no offer to move, nothing. (Actually, they did offer to come and spray my room.)3.) Went to iron my clothes and discovered a scorched ironplate. Called to request a new one and went to dinner. Hours later, upon return, no iron. Called again and it took another hour.4.) Next morning went to make coffee in the room - coffee maker was broken. Called for a new one. They sent up a new pot - not a new maker. Not scoring ANY points by now with me.5.) Took a shower and stood in five inches of water because the drain didn't drain. Also had to do a backbend to get my head under the spray (and I'm 5'7). 6.) TV speakers are blown.7.) Maid didn't check the clock in my room - it was set to PM instead of AM, so I didn't get woken up on time my first morning here. This 5 star hotel does not have it's act together - the quality is horrendous. I will never stay or recommend a Fairmont Hotel. Go somewher else!

Nice Hotel, Good Location My family and I stayed at this hotel the night before our cruise on the Carnival Destiny. We used Holiday Inn rewards points for our stay. The hotel is close to a beach, but much of the beach area is a rocky shore. The taxi ride from the airport to the hotel was $19.50 and the taxi ride to the airport with 6 large bags was $25. The taxi to Old San Juan was $12. Don't miss the forts!The room was nice and clean. The only downside to this hotel was that checking in and out was unbelievably slow! The computers w/ internet free of use was nice and the small pool and hot tub were not crowded. Continental breakfast was good, just like any holiday inn express, except no cinnamon rolls. Having a Walgreen's 3 blocks away was nice and there were some good restaurants in that same area. Overall a good place to stay.

Below average! Stayed here for a couple of nights in October. The service in the hotel was terrible. The front desk staff were incapable of raising the slightest smile. Rooms small and food expensive. Mediocre to say the least. If I come to Boston I will stay somewhere else next time

Good job we weren't health and safety inspectors! We had been looking forward to our three days in Amsterdam for months, unfortunately the hotel was a let down to our holiday. First off, the room was not ready when we arrived. After returning later in the day to settle in, we were shocked to find....1) The amount of steep stairs to access the hotel2) The overall lack of cleanliness- the room was literally caked in dust, including in the cracks in the wall. You were not only looking at dust through the window, it flew around the room visibly in the sunlight! The safe was covered in dust and so was the fan, and the carpet did not look like it had been vacuumed since it has been opened. 3) The size of the room- you could not fully open the door as it hit the desk, and you couldn't even get your case through! The walkway between both beds was literally a matter of inches.4) The beds: One's mattress was larger than the base so that it pushed you out of bed and forced you onto the floor due to such worn springs. The other was literally hanging out of the window and the blanket got lost down the gap! They seemed itchy and infested- the place felt alive with bugs and no matter how long you spent in the shower, you didn't feel clean5) The breakfast consisted of cold bread, crackers, and cake. Anyone with a wheat intolerance would go hungry! No hot food was offered at all6) The bathroom was like a portacabin but smaller, with a shower which flooded and a toilet which broke during our stay7) The TV remote didn't work properly and was constantly stuck on one settingWe were always offered free drinks from the bar, almost as if the staff felt embarrassed by the hotel. We also had our picture taken with reception staff with the promise that it would be emailed to us when we returned to England. However, since being back we have received nothing and feel this is the last insult from this hotel. DEFINITELY one to avoid for all travellers who like a clean place to stay.

Good bang for your buck The Hotel Metropolis is located right on the edge of the Tenderloin neighborhood which, if you can get past the dirty streets and menacing-looking residents, is a great location convenient to public transportation, shopping, theatre, live music, restaurants and the MOMA. Although the surroundings are intimidating the good news is that there is a lot of foot traffic in this area, even at night.The hotel itself is clean and very modern in design. The front desk staff was friendly at check in and they made sure to advise guests of the fitness room, meditation room and free wi-fi and breakfast. My very clean standard queen room was TINY - there was about 2 feet of space between the side of the bed and the desk and the foot of the bed and the armoire/TV. The bathroom was impressive for its size, relative to the sleeping area. Waiting for me in the bathroom was a care package with chewing gum, a Quatro razor, moisturizing cream, shampoo/conditioner and - totally cool touch - a thin romance novel!I was very happy with this room for which I paid $100 (incl. tax). I knew exactly what I was getting with the neighborhood surroundings and small room yet I feel that the hotel delivered exactly as promised. This hotel is an excellent value for budget-minded travelers or younger people that want to be close to SF nightlife without breaking the bank on a room. Keep in mind that it can't be stressed enough that the cheapest rooms are very small - even a couple that gets along well would find themselves climbing the walls with claustrophobia in no time.

Will Never Stay Here Again The rooms here are large and nice, and the views are remarkable but not nearly enough to make up for the awful service I received 2/15-2/17/07. Upon arrival the doorman did not come to the curb to assist me with my luggage - normally this wouldn't be a big deal to me but with the wind gusting and snow on the ground, it irked me this time.My room was large, clean and well-appointed. All was well until I attempted to open the mini-bar, which was stuck. A call downstairs informed me that they had problems with that particular room and would send someone right up. Maintenance arrived within 10 min but it's annoying not to be told of the problem in advance when management knows about it.On my second evening I had trouble establishing an internet connection; again, a call downstairs informed that particular room doesn't have internet connectivity and they offered to move me to another room. At this point I spoke to the manager who denied that anyone had any prior knowledge of the lack of internet connection in that particular room - whatever - I went ahead and moved rooms. I checked out Saturday morning at 6:30am and asked the desk clerk whether I would be able to hail a cab at that hour or if I was better off calling for one. I was told that the doorman (who was nowhere to be seen at that moment) could hail a cab for me. It's 6:30am on a SATURDAY, there is NO ONE else in the lobby, yet the desk clerk seems to feel it's beneath his station to accommodate my request for help in getting a cab.I will never stay here again - the service and attention to detail is minimal at best, and the staff is barely apologetic when their lack of attention causes disruption to their guests.

Great Experience We enjoyed a Saturday night stay and had a wonderful experience. Nice lobby. The clerk at check in was friendly and efficient and went to the effort of searching for the room upgrade we asked for. Our room looked dead-on at Coit Tower with partial bay views. Room was extremely clean and decent-sized although the bathroom was small. Furnishings and decor appeared to be in excellent condition, not worn out or tired looking at all. Noise in other rooms and the hallways was pretty much non-existent (although there was some construction going on next door that resulted in a generator going off at 6am on Sunday morning!). Sunday morning we had an awesome breakfast in the hotel restaurant - fairly reasonable at $35 for 2. I would definitely recommend this hotel for either a business or a leisure traveler, although simply due to the relatively small size of a standard room it probably wouldn't be the ideal hotel for any longer than a couple of nights.

Fabulous Location The Hilton times square is a great location, it's located right next next to the New Amersterdam Theater. The location worked out wonderful and we were able to walk to 5th avenue, central park and many other touristy destinations. The staff was very helpful, they gave us the exact trains we needed to take to get to the Yankee's game. The hotel bar was charming, a bit pricey but something I would picture in NYC. Our room was spacious for NY standards and the room was very clean. I would definately stay here again!

Lovely Resort My sister and I took a girls vacation and we both loved the hotel. It had everything we both wanted. She wanted more of relaxation and I wanted golfing and hiking. We got to do a little of both, the golf course was fantastic and our guide on our hike was full of all kinds of information. I didn't visit the spa, but my sister gave it rave reviews. It had a small, but adequate gym, I got to get some cardio in each day. The set up of the suites and rooms was very cute, it reminded me of a little village. The room itself was really nice, there was a seperate sitting area/tv area that was nice with two queen comfy beds in another room. The pools were abundant, they included everything from quiet/adult to busy/kid friendly. Lastly, the Point of View resturant is well worth the money, the view was beautiful and the meal was very tasty! I wish I could go back right now!

Excellent location My husband and I stayed at the Alsterhof and it has to be one of the best hotels I have stayed in. We booked it through a last minute deal and didn't really know what to expect but as we were only there for 3 nights and got it cheap we didn't care. The rooms were spotless, a good size and cleaned daily. The staff were helpful and polite and the location couldn't have been better. Just off Kurfurstendam it was really close to shops, restaurants, buses and the train station. We will definitely be back. Can't wait!

hated it! Unless you are desperate to save a dollar, do not stay here! We stayed the night before a cruise. They had a courtesy shuttle to the port, but the driver charged us a $2 per person luggage handling fee. The place is run down. They advertise a fitness room, but 3 out of the 5 machines were broken and it was filthy! Also, there is NOTHING around there. Although I have to say; the shuttle picked us up promptly at the airport, and the front desk people were very nice to us. But it really kind of grossed me out!

Thanks Bobby My Grandaughter and I stayed here in November 2007. We loved the Hotel ,although it was a bit far away from places where we wanted to see. We used the valet service most times and found this excellent, the drivers were great and very helpful. We can't speak highly enough of the doorman, come porter Bobby who went out of his way to help us with our tour problems. We had to leave a day early but this was no problem with the desk staff, once again thanks to you all

I know it's corny, but....the Olympic deserves a Gold Medal! Double Trouble at the Olympic

DIVINE I am reluctant to tell you about this divine secret...I don't want it to book up or raise room rates. The staff was wonderful - they even made hot chocolate for us on a cold winter night - no charge. The location could not be better.... just far enough from Times Square but close enough to all tourist attractions, shopping, restaurants, and theatres. BUT the true find was the HUGE LUXURIOUS room - complete with feather beds, a marble bathroom, pool-sized bathtub, flannel robes. Plus... the Cafe Olympus 30 seconds down the block serves the BEST (yet inexpensive) breakfast.A HIT!!!!!!

Travelers beware! Upon arrival the staff was really rude - they mixed up our room reservation - and threatened to throw the three of us (mom and sister and I) out onto the street. The manager finally gave us a room with 2 twin beds. Sleeping in the crack of 2 twin beds pushed together was not fun, especially after long days in NYC.The room was very TINY. The bathroom was microscopic. 2 people could not stand in it at the same time.The room was very loud and we could hear everyone coming and going in the hallway all night long (2 am - 8 am).Would not stay here again.... ever

Loved the Hoxton! I agree with most of the reviews on here, the Hoxton is a great little place to stay. I paid which compared to what you can get for that elsewhere in London was a bargain. Funky, clean, gorgeous soft sheets, comfy bed, amazing bathroom and free water! Check in and out was fine, all staff were very friendly and full of information about the hotel. Had a cocktail in the bar which had a great atmosphere and was full of saturday night revellers. Didn't eat in the Grille as the breakfast bag was sufficient, but looked nice. The only problem we had was that the room was very hot so we didn't sleep as well as we should have in the very comfy bed. In the morning we found the air conditioning controls - doh! I will definitely be staying here again, and i will be refreshing their booking page endlessly when the and room offers are next on!

Outrigger Luana was great We just returned from a week long stay at the Outrigger Luana and loved it. I had requested an upper floor room, away from the fans which have been referred to in other reviews. We were on the opposite side of the building and had a great view of the Ft. DeRussy park and the beautiful little city park across the street. There was some traffic noise, which is to be expected in Waikiki, however we were able to sit on our lanai and enjoy the beautiful weather and scenery. We saw absolutely no bugs and everything was clean and well maintained. We had cleaning service every day. I especially liked the fact that the floors were tile and not carpet, which was easier to maintain without the feel of walking on dirty carpet. This hotel is right on the edge of Waikiki, therefore out of the hustle and bustle of tourist traffic, yet close enough to walk to anything you desire. I would absolutely recommend it to anyone who plans a stay in the Waikiki area.

Excellent anniversary trip-just a few tips... My husband and I stayed at Secrets Excellence for our 10th anniversary from November 3-9. I really appreciated all of the reviews on this site and others and I always like to know what to expect so this will be pretty long. We have stayed at the Xpu Ha Palace in the Mayan Riviera and liked this better because of the architecture and it wasn't so spread out. (this is the only other all inclusive we have to compare to but we loved both)Overall, our vacation was wonderful. I knew the resort was on the Atlantic but thought surely we would have calm blue water. This was not the case but on the last couple of days it calmed a little and we were able to snorkel just 4 minutes to the right of the resort (there is a reef there). THIS IS MY BIG TIP our rep, Prieto Tours gave an orientation on our second day which I thought would give a lot of helpful info. Really, they are just trying to sign you up for excursions. Before you book anything, go to Scuba Caribe (we had never read anything about this) at the watersports area or at the pool cabana. They have tons of trips; scuba, snorkel, snorkel offsite, even deep sea fishing for much less money and they take you by boat from the resort so it doesn't take up your whole day. Unfortunately, we discovered this on the next to the last day. The snorkel trip is a 25 minute boat ride from Secrets to a reef and it is only $25pp. (it is $80 from the tour operators and a 1-2 hour BUS ride). PLEASE check here first!!!!We booked deep sea fishing thru the front desk and it was 1 1/2 hour ride to Bavaro and we caught no fish. it was fun being on the boat all day, though. Were with 4 germans and the 2 dominican captains. $90 per personWe found the food to be fair but there was usually something we liked at each restaurant. I think this is just indicative of the all inclusive because we experienced it in Mexico also. We were much more adventurous the first few days. One of us ordered a safe meal that we could share if we didn't like the adventurous meal the other chose. We loved the breakfast, pizzas, and pastas at Higuey, caeser salad, mixed grill for 2 (served on a hibachi) at dinner in Texas restaurant, and french onion soup in the Quisqueya. The deal with the carribean lobster is that it is mushy at the top. Just cut that off and eat the end of the tail-it is firm like Maine lobster. Look for the sports bar in back by the cascade pool-they have great chicken wings. We had a complimentary anniversary dinner at the mediterranean restaurant that was nice atmosphere overlooking the beach (We were going to book the $160 on the beach but I think it was the same steak and lobster just more atmosphere). Overall, we didn't mind that the food wasn't fabulous-if it had been we would have gained 10 pounds!!!We brought bubble bath and candles for our room and were glad we did. The resort is very romantic and there are hot tubs in the rooms as well as hidden all over the resort. My husband loved the Playboy channel!!!! We went to the beach in the morning and spent the afternoons in the pool. We never had to wait more than a minute for a float-if you look like you need one people will give them up. I saw people stealing them from under other chairs which I think is fine. The palapas for 2 on the pool deck are a great place to hide out during the short rain storms.The drinks are great-they can put anything in a coconut-lime daquiris were great and Presidente. One couple told us to ask for a bucket of beer in ice if you want them colder. On the last night we discovered Cosmopolitans-we needed a change from frozen fruity drinks. The casino is fun and the disco is too-Julio and his group get you riled up with audience participation before the show and at the disco. We thought the shows were pretty entertaining and the theater is nice and comfortable.Overall, we loved Secrets. We would not go back again just because there are so many other places to try. We would recommend it to friends so go and have a great time. We couldn't understand why people had so many complaints.

LOVED THE GOLD FLOOR!!! The hotel was fantastic! We had a private check in on the 4th floor, everybody was really friendly. The room was amazing! I felt like royalty! They had complimentary breakfast in the morning, and they said it was continental breakfast so we thought it was going to be a basket of muffins, but there was a huge spread, they had eggs and meats and cheeses, breads and cereal, pretty much everything you could want. We really felt like we were valued, the concierge took extra time with us to show us around and make sure we'd have everything we needed. It was amazing.

Would never return !! Stayed here for one week and couldnt wait to get back to England, it was a Caribbean version of Pontins, infact i have had better holidays at pontins than here. They seem to put all the english customers at the back end of the resort which is a good 15 minutes from the main eating areas and 20 mins from the beach, pathways not lit up very well at night and only one security man for the whole complex. The rooms in the brochure and on the net looked nothing like our little chalet room that was beyond basic. The restaurants had birds pecking at the food and we saw several cockroaches helping themselves to the buffet. We have been to the dominican lots of times and this as to be the worst complex ever. The beach was amazing and plenty of sun loungers but that was the only thing nice about this holiday. I wouldnt def never go back.

Nice place, but very crowded We recently stayed at this hotel for one night, before our return home. We had originally booked the room for our first night in Puerto Rico, but our flight from the US was delayed. We were told by Expedia that our booking was non transferrable/refundable, but the hotel was understanding of our situation, which was out of our hands, and agreed to change our booking at no cost to us. What a relief!The hotel was nice, but very crowded. We waited quite a while to check in, only to find out that our room was not ready as promised. We were upgraded to a villa, which was lovely. Our villa neighbors were very noisy. Upon our complaint to the front desk, someone was sent to calm them down immediately and we had no further problems. I would probably look for a smaller, less crowded hotel the next time I am in San Juan, but the Hilton is lovely if you don't mind a crowd.

Nice Hotel As a member of the Kimpton Group's frequent club (or whatever they call it) Hotel Palomar was a no brainer when my mom and I decided to visit San Fran.Like the other Kimpton hotels, Palomar is very modern and I love the decor. Our room and bathroom was smaller than what we would normally expect, but maybe that has something to do with the location.I ordered a $12 sandwich off of the room service menu and the charge to our room was almost $30, I guess with all of the fees and everything. I find that to be ridiculous and the sandwich wasn't even that good!Overall we had a pleasant stay and liked the location.

3 Star We wanted an inexpensive getaway for the holidays this year, and Rincon Beach Resort came up on Expedia, under the package deals that include flight and car rental. It was in our price range, so we decided to try it. The resort is really beautiful and was just what we were looking for. It is very relaxing, if you want to hang out at the pool. The restaurant is 5 star with a price to match. We thought it was worth it though, considering the room was priced very reasonably. The room itself is what makes this hotel a 3 star. There were small bugs on the counter every time I went into the bathroom, and as we were on the bottom floor, we kept waiting for a lizard or other creature to visit us through the gap under the door. The rest of the hotel was more like a 4 or 5 star though, and we weren't in the room much. Very friendly, helpful staff. We will visit again and request a room on one of the higher floors.

Lovely hotel, great situation Westayed at the Keppler hotel September 2008.When we arrived at the hotel after a long trip from Japan, we appreciated the quick and efficient check in.The room was nice and clean and well decorated but extremely small. I think that most hotel rooms in Paris are small, but this one was so small you could hardly open the wardrobe door as it couldn't clear the bed.The bathroom was very nice and clean and very pretty.I have 2 complaints about the bathroom:1. The shower only dribbled out and we asked them to fix it. It was fixed the day before we left and we were there for 6 days.2. The hairdryer was permanently attached under a shelf so you have to bend down to use it if you are over 5ft tall. I am 5ft7.The location of the hotel was great, close to the Arc de Triomphe, the Eiffel Tour and the Champs Elysee and there were lots of Metro stations around.Try and get a deal that includes breakfast. Do NOT believe that there are lots of nice little cafes around where you can get a good, inexpensive breakfast. There are not.On the whole the hotel was clean,comfortable and safe and the staff were really nice and helpful.We loved it.

We loved it! We stayed at this beautiful hotel in September, and thoroughly enjoyed the experience.We arrived a little early for the usual check in but were quickly and efficiently shown to our room.The room was quite a reasonable size, very clean and tastefully decorated with period furniture sloping ceilings and beautiful french fittings in the bathroom,The bathroom was marble and even though the shower was over the bath it was easy to use and the water pressure was good. The soap, shampoo and other products in the bathroom were french and of a very good quality.The staff were nice and very helpful. On the day we arrived we were tired and hungry and the receptionist directed us to a restaurant just up the street which was excellent.The location of the hotel was fantastic, just across the road from the beautiful gardens and only a short walk to Blvd. St. Michel and St. Germaine. Musee D'Orsay, the river Seine with the artists and souvenir sellers, Notre Dame and many other places of interest, shops and restaurants.The metro and RER train stations are only a short walk away and easy to use once you get the hang of it.Take the RER train to Versaiiles, it only takes about 40 mins and is a really interesting trip. The palace itself is unbelievable, you really have to see it and the grounds are huge.We really loved the hotel and wished we had more time to spend there.

Very good for a short stay My husband and I stayed for one night on our way from the airport to whistler. The room was clean and accomodating, the coffee maker and fridge make a difference. The room was small and the bed a little uncomfortable so it is best for a one or two night stay. The service was great, the front desk went online and printed me out directions to a restaurant I was asking about, it doesn't get much better than that. The parking lot was full the night we stayed b/c of a concert so we parked at a meter an put some quarters in at 8 and moved it by 10am. Saved the $12 so we weren't upset.Not a bad option (especially for a $100 price.)

Just perfect! You cannot find a better hotel in a better location in that price range! It was extremely quiet and clean. The room was perfect (deluxe twin). We loved having breakfast in the dining room and looking out the window at the beautiful huge banyan trees. You are close to everything, and there's even a supermarket just around the corner - convenient for bottled water. Be sure to check the hotel's Internet offer.

great place Had a few doubts after reading some of the reviews but all ended well. Hotel very clean.Staff couldn`t have been more pleasant or helpful.Garden area brilliant after a day sight-seeing.There is a bar in the street where customers do spill onto the pavement--walking on the other side solves the problem! Hotel within walking distance of most sights/galleries--however taxis didn`t seem expensive when used.Would certainly stay here again

Great location - air conditioning NOT required~! We are well seasoned Canadian travellers, age 48. Booked this hotel through the hotel website, after checking numerous review sites on the web. We LOVED this hotel and have no hesitation recommending it to others. Like a previous poster, we had the good fortune of visiting this beautiful city during a heat wave. Not having air conditioning was a non issue for us, and the lack of morning fog was a bonus! The overhead ceiling fan did a more than adequate job cooling our room. We had requested a top floor (7th) non smoking room on the back side of the building, and we had a lovely room. No view mind you, but we spent so little time in the room this was also a non issue. The bathroom was small but spotless, the bed very comfortable. The rooms are a bit small, but ample room for 2 adults and their luggage. The location is great for shopping and theatres, which we didn't do; and convenient to public transportation for sight seeing, which we did. A bit of an aerobic excercise walking up Nob Hill and over the top down to Fisherman's wharf, but well worth the effort. Slow down and admire the architechture and interesting sights both up and down the hills in every direction! Lots of restaurants and coffee shops in the area, we enjoyed Foley's Irish pub a couple of blocks away on OFarrell. The hotel's continental breakfast of coffee, juice, fresh fruit salad, croissants/pastries, yoghurt and cereal was more than adequate to fill us up and tide us over before take away crab cocktails at lunch! We hope to back for another stay at this gem of a hotel.

Decent accomodation, would come back lobby

Good value but lacking amenities Hello fellow tripadvisors,Having recently returned from a 5 night stay at the Novotel here is my opinion of this resort. Firstly 8 members of my family stayed here. 5 of us in a 3 bed unit and 3 in a 2 bed with private pool. The pool unit was fantastic and well worth the extra paid. There were no 3 bed available with pool when we booked and when we saw it we were even more disappointed. All in all for the price we paid, pppn I can't complain about the accomodation.On arrival at 2.45pm only the 2 bed unit was ready so we all made our way there and surveyed the unit. It was clean, spacious and of course the pool area was wonderful. After leaving our cases we went to the hotel restaurant for a snack. The menu was pretty good but unfortunately despite there only being 1 other table with 6 diners we waited about 30 minutes for our food to arrive and it was, at best, mediocre. Needless to say that was the last time we used the restaurant. We booked a room only package and thought we would check out the breakfast on offer before committing. My husband went over the next morning and said not to bother, at a head it just wasn't worth it. There are plenty of little restaurants less than a 5 minute walk with an abundance of choice. At the resort it just seemed to lack a holiday atmosphere, it was very quiet, probably due to the inflated prices. The beach was lovely and it was a very short shuttle ride which was frequent and you could have a drink or some lovely fresh fruit baskets which were very refreshing. Again it was quiet which was probably a good thing as i could imagine a shortage of loungers if it was busy.My sister stayed at the Melia on her last visit to Bali and we did use their facilities one day. It was definately a much superior resort and what a difference it makes being right on the beach, this hotel was busy, had a very good lunch menu with prompt service and there was a good selection of watersports available on site. We also had dinner here one night, it was a spanish buffet with a fantastic selection including champagne with plentiful refills at a head.To conclude, the novotel accomodation itself was great but the facilities and proximity from the beach let the resort down. Next time i'll pay more and stay at a beach resort.

Absolutely Fantastic!!! lobby area

A lovely boutique hotel My husband and I stayed at Hotel des Grande Hommes 18 years ago and we loved it then. We originally found the hotel in Karen Brown's book on France. This summer we traveled back to Paris with our two teenage sons and we stayed once again at the hotel. It was so lovely! This is a high-end 3 star. Very old world and elegant but not over the top fancy. It is very small, the elevator only holds two and there is only ever one person at the front desk.The hotel is located next to the Pantheon and is close to the metro as well as wonderful cafes and restaurants. At first we thought the charge for breakfast was too expensive at 12 euros but after tiny cups of coffee for 5 Euros at the cafes, we gladly paid to have unlimited delicious coffee. Overall The Hotel des Grande Hommes is a great place to stay in Paris. It is an excellent value, extremely clean and the staff is very warm and helpful. I can't wait to go back!

Awful! We booked this hotel because the Boston College website listed it as a local place to stay. We planned on staying two nights and we had booked two rooms at a rate of $169.00 per night. When we arrived my husband commented that it looked like The Bates Motel. Once inside our room - we were horrified. The room had been decorated in the 70's and had never been updated. It was extremely shabby and the bedspreads and carpet were stained. Worst of all was the disgusting smell of smoke and stale air. It was so bad that we told the front desk clerk that we didn't want to stay there - the clerk informed us that he may have to charge us anyway. We told him fine, knowing that we would stop our credit card payment and make a formal complaint against the hotel. Our trip to the Boston area ended up lovely. We checked into the Doubleday Suites and were very happy there. The rate at this hotel was actually less expensive because a two room suite was $199.00 and accommodated our family just fine. The bottom line is DON'T stay at the Best Western Inn in Boston. There are so many other options of great places to stay!

Extremely comfortable welcoming I booked this hotel because of the great reviews. It is all true. The decor is lovely, the beds are really cozy and the fitness room is adequate. Best of all is the welcoming staff that is always available to offer suggestions or provide directions.We also really liked the location.

Wonderful Hotel The Mexico City Marriott is a a great hotel to stay in because the staff is so kind and accomodating. When you walk in the hotel there is a lineup of staff waiting to assist. Although we loved visiting Mexico City, it can be a scary and daunting place and we really needed assistance with our daily plans. Also - the hotel is very comforatble and was a great place to relax after a day of touring. The workout facilty pool are outstanding and the bar is a lovely place for a margarita. The food was just ok. but there are numerous good choices in Polanco for food. One tip for Mexico City travelers: take the hotel taxi cabs car service. Even when you are away from the hotel - call them to be picked up. My husband and I had a terrfying experience when we jumped in a taxi waiting outside a museum. The driver seemed fine at first but then we realized that we were headed in the oppisite direction from our hotel. The driver brought us to a VERY SCARY location near the airport to buy goods from a store. We thought we were being kidnapped. My husband firmly told the driver to please bring us to our hotel and he did but we had about a 5 mile (very tense)drive back.

Be Wary After staying at the Saville for three nights for a special rate for the Entertainment Card I should have spent the monies and gone elsewhere. I booked ages ago and specified a two bedroom apartment - non smoking. We also requested that the sofa bed be made up. I think that our apartment was a smoking one as there were very strong smells of cigarettes!!!Apartment was very small indeed - sofa bed was not made up till 11.30 that night - after three requests.Our apartment was on the first level - bedroom on Abercrombie Lane - this was a very noisy room plus curtains do not close properly so light comes in - had to sleep with earplugs in!!!Our apartment looked like it needed a huge makeover - very tatty - in fact felt extremely disappointed and told them so when I filled out the guest feedback form and guess what have not heard from them - thought they might touch base to speak to me - but have heard not one thing.Great location but not value for money!!!Maggie

Great Firenze Hotel! I booked this hotel based on tripadvisor reviews and was not disappointed. The hotel is very modern, very clean, and not too far away from the city center. And the location is quite possibly the only drawback, if you think a ten minute ride by bus to city center is unthinkable. We didn't have a problem with it and the bus stop is only about half a block down from the hotel. You can even buy bus tickets from the front desk of the hotel. If you would like to take the taxi, from the train station (Sta. Maria Novella) it's about a 15 euro trip going to the hotel and for some reason a 20 euro trip going back to the train station (I think we were hustled out of that return trip) which is supposedly dependent on the number of people and number of luggage that is transported. The shower is clean and immaculate. The beds are very nice and comfortable. I stayed in a twin room with my brother which was a little smaller than the double room my parents stayed in next door. The size of the twin room was still fine. You get a nice flat-panel tv, air-conditioning after a long day of sightseeing, and a nice breakfast with eggs (and bacon if you wake up early enough). I saw both Trafalgar and Globus tours staying at the hotel during our four days. Great price for a swanky, modern hotel in Firenze!

Disappointed We booked this hotel because of the location--just a few mintues drive to the waterfront and Woodland Park Zoo. Staying in one of Seattle suburbs would require driving on I-5 freeway which is usually gridlock 24/7 and except for the Metro bus, Seattle's mass transit is non-existant. We were traveling with our 2 middle school grandchildren and Comfort Suites was the only moderately priced downtown hotel that offered two beds plus a hide-a-bed.The two rooms of the suite were so small that in the bedroom there was barely room enough to walk around the beds. Both the bedroom and living room had oversized entertainment center/closets which took up a large amount of space. Although the room was clean and the bathroom appeared to be fairly new, the carpets were extremely worn and stained and the furniture was stained and threadbare. The bedcovers looked like something from the 70s.The staff was very nice and helpful. The breakfast room and breakfast was excellent. However, the nice couryard outside the breakfast room is rather wasted because there are so few mornings in Seattle when it is warm enough to sit outside and eat.The $149 price was reasonable enough, but when you add on the 15.8% Seattle motel and sales tax it probably would have been more advantageous to stay outside the downtown area.This hotel is just not up to Comfort Suites usual standards.

Warm and Wonderful Hotel We are us Expats living in Madrid with our four young children and we went to Florence for our February Break. We booked the hotel directly and got 2 rooms for the 6 of us. The location is perfect if you are arriving by train! The hotel was absolutely wonderful in every way. It was full of personality and charm and the staff was fantastic. They we were wonderful with our children and gave us great recommendations on restaurants. We celebrated a birthday there and it could not have been nicer. We travel quite a bit and would highly recommend this hotel for its personal service,location,lovely atmosphere and staff, and their kindness towards our children. We would love to go back!

Inn at the Market We stayed at Inn at the Market for a long weekend and had a delightful experience. The staff was very helpful. We stayed on the 6th floor with a view of the Sound. By the little courtyard entrance was a great place for breakfast, Bacco. Also, two french restaurants, Campagne and Cafe Campagne. The Inn is within walking distance of many fine restaurants. The Market is just a short walk down the hill. It also features a nice patio overlooking the water. We will definitely stay there again.

An Ok Hotel We stayed here on our CIE Tour. The hotel is in a good location, convenient to most of the popular sites. However, it is still a very noisy part of town and most everyone in our tour group was kept awake by party goers and seranades most of the night.Our room was large and the bathroom ok. It only had a hand held shower and it was very difficult to manuever around in the tub without spaying water everywhere. I still don't understand why European tubs are so tall..it is hard for someone short to get in and out of them. If I ever go back to Florence, I would seek out a hotel in a quieter section of the city.Our continental breakfast was fine and the staff was very helpful here too.

Fantastic Hotel Just had to write and say what a great hotel the Reef is. Our first trip was in 1996 and we have stayed there 7 times. We will return in June for our 50th anniversary and to renew our vows. The transformation in progress is something to behold and we can't wait to see it finished. We have only had good experiences at the Reef-staff, cleanliness,awesome restaurants,convenience to our interests. We have been there during some of the renovation and it never interferred with our enjoyment of the hotel. The staff throughout the hotel is great and we look forward to another great vacation.It really is Paradise!Sharon and Len BardfieldAloha, OR

Will never stay anywhere else but Conrad in Miami comfy bed

Overprice for a dump I'm glad I didn't have the reservation for this hotel. I made a reservation for my friend who decided he wanted to come to Winter music Conference in the last minute.I booked this hotel because I couldn't find any other hotel avaiable (winter music conference and sony erricson tournament at the same time in miami). I booked thru hotelclub.com, paid and got a receipt and a confirmation.I did read the bad reviews, but I was just going to have my friend use his room to sleep but hang out with me at the Conrad most of the time.We arrived at 6pm, we got lost because the hotel didn't stand out, and there are so many hotels along that road. And their sign was Ocean Breeze with a paper that's said Bay Breeze taped on the window.There were 2 people working behind the front desk, but apparently 1 guy couldn't even do anything. He just stood there. The other guy was helping the person in front of me. There were only 2 guests (together) in front of me and my friend, but it took the front desk guy 30 minute to help them. And then after that we saw the guests were leaving. I wasn't sure what happened because they were speaking spanish.I asked the guy that was just standing behind the desk doing nothing if he could help us, the other guy yelled at me very rude: Can you please wait?What's the point having 2 people behind the desk if only 1 person can help guests? So after 30 minute wait, it only took the guy 2 minutes to look through his reservation papers (there is an old computer but I think that's just for decoration) and told us that he couldn't find my reservation. I showed him the receipt and confirmation email from hotelclub. He didn't even look at the code, instead he wrote down a fax number and told us to call hotelclub and ask them to fax over a confirmation page. I WAS HOLDING THE CONFIRMATION PAGE!!! I was so mad, we left the hotel. We couldn't call hotelclub because their customer service closed at 5pm. So we couldn't take care of it until the next day.We left the hotel and called intercontinental hotel and luckily they still have rooms available (I would've booked intercontinental if their website didn't show fully booked). So my friend stayed there for 1 night and the rest of the weekend he stayed with me at Conrad.We called hotelclub the next day and the customer service was really helpful. She immediately processed the refund for my friend's credit card. She actually called Bay Breeze hotel to find out what happened and got yelled at by the front desk person that answered the phone. Bay Breeze hotel should be closed!One more thing, the lobby area smells horrible.

pleasant stay the room

perfect....beautiful villa pool and breakfast area

Blue Hawaii fun in the sun! I had read so many reviews about this property - so many unhappy people saying it wasnt worth it - but I can say all the bad are totally set aside once you sit by the pool and soak in the sun!Same deal as everyone else - wrong room at check in - but we refused what was given and had it amended. Loved our Hilton Honors membership as it got us free breakfast daily which was continental only and although basic could be upgraded to hot meals. Had a high room in the Rainbow Tower building with Diamond Head View which I booked and paid extra in advance to secure. Was worth the $$ as nothing like waking up in the morning and looking out at the beautiful scenery. I would sit out there and read my book while waiting for the rest to wake up. Rooms are tired but are fine and clean. Bathroom could do with a revamp. The services at the hotel are amazing! You dont need to venture far for anything as everything is there. The beach is gorgeous - only hotel with such a large beachfront in Waikiki. There was so much activity for the kids - hula dancing - ukelele lessons - lei making - they had a ball. We bought some sand toys and off they went. Rented paddle cycles which they had fun on in the lagoon. Evening entertainment by the pool every night. Dont feel you need to buy the big Friday night show package. You can see it for free by standing behind the ropes. We bought the seat with the cocktail - but would have been just as happy seeing it from another position. could have also watched the show from our room balcony. Fireworks made it special!The animal life is also amazing. They have penguins!! The village shops are great - lunch by the pool fun - dinners were average. Great bookstore - also a second hand one. Suggest reading something written by a local. There is always something to see or do - or just relax by the pool. Was a much needed rest after a long trip on the mainland. I highly recommend it for some serious RR - especially for families. We will be back!

Small, clean, friendly hotel My boyfriend and I (both aged 27) have just got back from a 6 night stay in Florence at the Hotel Rapallo. It is a tiny hotel but we really enjoyed our stay there. the decor is traditional and has character. Our room was as the photos we had seen suggested although maybe slightly smaller than they would have you believe and the bathroom was more of a wet room and wasn't water proof but was fine and as the bathroom was kept spotlessly clean it wasn't a problem. Breakfast is a simple affiar-Italians do not do fry ups (much to my boyfriend's chagrin) so it was cereal, rolls, ham, cheese, boiled eggs, croissants but was set out in a buffet style so you could have as much as you wanted. The waiter at breakfast was also very friendly and helpful. The guys on the reception desk were friendly and offered to recommend restaurants and told us about trips outside Florence we could make. They were very hospitable and even indulged my nightly request for a corkscrew so we could have a drink in the room before going out! The hotel is about a 10 minute walk from all the main attractions and in a fairly nice area.If you want a place to stay in Florence and cannot afford 5 star luxury then go for this place. It is extremely clean, friendly, has character, is fairly centrally located and none of the guests are noisy. We also got free internet access-only one computer but there was never a queue and anyway you don't go to Italy to sit at a computer!If you want a nice, friendly cafe, which is chilled out then turn right out of the hotel, cross the road and about 50 or so metres down is a great one-I can't remember its' name but it's on a corner and is really nice.Oh, by the way, expect the smallest lift you have ever seen-very funny!

Excellent Location Stayed with a friend in what has to be the largest twin room I've ever encountered.Check in was very efficient, door staff very helpful.Location is excellent, Boston is a compact city but there is a wide selection of bars, restaurants and shops near by.I did not eat at the hotel so can not comment.Would stay here again, no problems.

It's just ok. Service and Rooms need an UPGRADE This hotel was clearly bought and just slapped their name on it. This is nothing like any other RIUs. This place is not all inclusive. From the beginning. The elevator is still broken......since January that I know of. Very hectic getting up and down to your room. Parking....they charge 15.00 per day. there is metered parking on the side of the building that never had a meter maid come by...not once......you make the decision. When we got to the hotel, there was absolutely noone to help with our bags. We had to find a cart and lug them up our selves. But they were more that happy to try and run off with the car for the 15.00 parking fee. Barely giving us a chance to unload the car. So rude. We wanted to do late check-out since out flight was in the evening......they wanted $10.00 per hour starting at 12:00pm. Beach chairs are 7.00 per day. Breakfast buffet is very nice. Its 12.00 per person. Not bad. Please Please Please opt for an oceanview if possible. Otherwise you will be looking at an abandoned boarded up building or an ugly rooftop. The place is in need of serious renovations. place is very dated. Carpet is old and dusty. Overall is was not a very pleasant experience but we worked with it

Wonderful hospitality Hotel Nadia is a nice hotel in Amsterdam, close to the city center. It is very easy to get there from the airport by train an tramway.The rooms contain everything a visitor could need and if there is anything you need on top of the available, the manager and his staff are extremely helpful, friendly and welcoming.The rooms are very clean and the whole equipment is maintained with accuracy.

Great Value ...... our new favourite hotel in Frankfurt We (2 married couples, aged 40's/50's) have unanimously decided that we shall return to the National whenever we stay in Frankfurt in future.The location is excellent for the river, the train station and trams only make 3 stops until you are right in the heart of the old town and shopping areas.It was a huge surprise to find tea/coffee facilities in the room which is most unusual for European hotels and the overall standard is very good indeed. Our friends were in Room 124 which was at the front and slightly noisy if you are a light sleeper whilst our room (126) was to the back of the hotel and therefore was not at all noisy. Both were spacious, clean and very comfortable. There are also double doors to the rooms which is an excellent security feature.Breakfast was great - cereals, yoghurts, various breads, cheese, cold meats, smoked salmon, pate, jams, etc. as well as hot food such as sausages, eggs beans. There was also a good selection of juices, teas and coffees.We have stayed previously at The Savoy, Continental, Excelsior hotels which are all within a few yards of the National but will definitely stay here again on our next visit.

Exceptional little hotel which lived up to the good reviews As a result of reading good reviews we decided to stay at this lovely hotel for four nights at the end of a five week holiday across Asia, Europe and the USA. We were not disappointed and found this place to be top notch. Our room was spacious, clean, quiet and recently redecorated very nicely indeed. We loved the wine and cheese each evening and the breakfasts served in the little end area on various floors. A very nice touch. On top of this we were right in the heart of the City with great restaurants and theatres close by. This was a fantastic place in which to end our holiday. The staff were very friendly and could not have been more helpful.

A quality stay at the Affinia Dumont I highly recommend staying here...it's number two on tripadvisor for a reason!As soon as you enter the hotel, you are struck by the relaxed atmosphere and pleasant staff. Nothing is too much trouble and the staff will go that extra mile to ensure that you have a great stay. For example, when we arrived at the hotel we asked for a room with a view, if possible and sure enough we got a fantastic corner suite on the 30th floor that had an amazing panoramic view of the skyline.We got a Junior Suite. It was incredibly spacious. From my past New York experience I was expecting a cupboard but it was impressive in size. The kitchen has a family sized refridgerator, coffee maker, microwave, oven etc...We ate some of our meals and snacks on the sofas in the seating area which had a big coffee table.The bed is huge (King sized and then some!), comfortable and a pillow menu is on hand to guarantee a good night's sleep.The desk area is large and I would imagine great for business visitors although we hardly ever used it except to store stuff on.The TV has all the channels you could want including HBO etc. The only gripe I had was that you couldn't really watch it in bed unless you physically turned it round....The bathroom was okay - probably the least attractive room. The shower had a propensity to go from hot to cold unpredictably and the worst point was that the bath didn't drain properly. However, the Aveda toiletries went some way to make up for that!The hotel also had fitness facilities and a spa. I didn't actually take advantage of these but I imagine that they, like the rest of the hotel, were of a high standard.Next door to the hotel is the Barking Dog restaurant, a neighbourhood place, that serves good standard dishes. We ate there a couple of times and thought it was good value.All in all we enjoyed our stay. Would we stay there again? Definitely.

Well its okay... I really wanted to title this review W stands for... but couldn't find an appropraite word for average beginning with W....From the time I arrived at this hotel until the time I left I was comfortable. And thats about it.Our taxi drew up and the first thing that strikes you as you walk in is the pleasant smell, and cool, dark atmosphere. Now when I say cool I don't mean it in the Fonz sense. The crowd was ageing businessman. What I mean is the temperature was cool and refreshing.Check in highlighted the first major problem. Parlez anglais? My partner and I are British. We speak clearly, we have no funny accents or colloquialism's yet everytime we approached the front desk we found ourselves repeating everything we said. No where else did we encounter this problem except at this hotel. I can only think that they weren't listening the first time round....needless to say this was tedious and made the checking in process drawn out.Our room was on the seventh floor, just above the pool area. Not a bad location and the sound proofing was good. The room itself had two double beds, a large TV with CD player etc, coffee maker with selection of Tazo teas and W blend coffee, a large desk area and a comfy day bed. Here there were some nice touches; quality dressing gowns, Bliss spa products in the bathroom (and the Maids replenish generously!), a good selection of pillows on the beds and a day bed by the window to relax on.It is all very comfortable and I had no complaints. Ok, so the phone didn't work properly. After a protacted exchange with the front desk, where we had to repeat had to repeat had to repeat what we were asking for, it was fixed within a day.Now for the rest of the hotel...Both of us wanted to check out the gym and were pleasantly surprised. The emphasis here is on cardio. There are about 4 treadmills, all fitted with tv screens, a couple of bikes, crosstrainers and a selection of free weights, yoga mats and ab balls. Jet lag meant that we were down there at 5am. It seemed to get busy at 6am so time your visit carefully.Bliss is adjacent to the gym (both on the fourth floor). Now I am not a big Bliss fan but I did try and find out if they had any massage appointments available and they didn't. If you feel like spending $120 on a facial then make sure you book ahead. We didn't eat in the hotel for dinner but we did have breakfast in the XYZ (gettit?) restaurant one morning. I was thoroughly underwhelmed. Ordered cappuccino which came in a cup that I can only describe as Dolly sized. The fruit salad was okay but anyone can chop up melon, drizze Vanilla yoplait over the top and charge $13+ can't they? Mentally decided never to bother with that again....as an aside they have a less format buffet just outside XYZ and this looked better. Muffins, cereals, bagels and a barista are on hand to deliver a quick breakfast.The hotel is located in a decent area. They are lots of casual dining options nearby, you can walk to Union Square in less than ten minutes and it feels safe round there. Plus art lovers will love the fact that Moma is next door.Now to the rating. The W is a good hotel - but its not great. It charges high prices and bills itself as a cool hotel. But the fact is, it just misses the mark. I feel that it was probably at the top of its game 5 years ago. Now the convention crowd have moved in and the coolness quotient has moved on.

Winner All Around! My husband and I stayed here at the end of our honeymoon trip for 4 days. It definitely had the best bed out of all our stays throughout Italy and Madrid. They were kind enough to upgrade us and even brought us complimentary cava and strawberries which was a nice surprise. All the staff were very friendly and helpful. The rooms are clean and nice. Slightly small, but not too bad. It was convenientlly located near the Ramblas and a metro station. We walked everywhere from here. I would definitely stay here again. Definitely great value.

Great srvice at the Hoxton We stayed at the Hoxton for 3 nights over the London Marathon weekend. We arrived early and were immediately allocated a room by a friendly staff member on reception. We mentioned that my husband was doing the marathon and were told that all marathon runners were being given free porridge on the day of the marathon, and that the restaurant was opening early to serve them. This was extremely welcome and much appreciated.We were pleased by everything at the Hoxton. The rooms were well equipped, clean and comfortable. All members of staff were pleasant and helpful. The food and drink was good value, no high priced hotel rip offs here! We would recommend the Hoxton highly and would definitely stay again.

Great Hotel We have stayed at the Royal a couple of times and cannot find fault with it. Excellent location right on the Ramblas. As my husband and I are retired we found the rooms nice and quiet at night. We will be back later in the year.

Loved the Citadines We have just returned from a city break to Barcelona. Having been there many times we always wanted to try an apartment.Booking the Citadines was a pleasant surprise. Right in the middle of Las Ramblas (which we knew).Our studio apartment turned out to be a large bedroom, very modern and a dinky little kitchen with all mod cons. Even the bathroom didn't let us down. Plenty of space everywhere.We will definately go back.

Great Hotel We stayed at Hotel Lleo for three nights. Having booked a single room for myself and a twin room for my son and his friend who were there for the football.,I got a double room with a small terrace and another surprise was that beds were adjustmatic which made comfort even better. Football match tickets were waiting at reception on our arrival.(They were booked on the net) Breakfast was not booked but I tried it anyway and was pleasantly surprised. Staff were friendly and I would certainly go back.

Nice Quick Getaway View from our Balcony (Main pool/Swim-up Bar)

Pros and Cons We stayed at the Hotel Milano in Feb. 2007 - 1 night pre-cruise and 1 night post-cruise. The main advantage of the hotel, in my opinion, was its location. It was great to be within walking distance of so many of the sights in Old San Juan. Also, there is a free bus to El Morro, which we took advantage of while there. The hotel is also within a few blocks of 2 of the main cruise piers. Unfortunately, our ship departed from the third! However, it was a short taxi drive, and not a problem.We booked a room in the front of the hotel, as we had read that the rear rooms were smaller and some lacked windows that could be opened, which sounded a little claustrophobic to me. The room itself was quite adequate and clean, though a bit small, as we expected in an older hotel such as this. Our main problem was the noise from the street, which continued until 4AM both nights we stayed. Part of this was our own fault, as we left the windows open. However, the air-conditioner was just 'On or off' - with it off, the room was very hot, but with it on it was frigid - so we opted to leave it off. It may have helped with the noise to have the unit turned on, but I'm not sure we had enough blankets for that!The restaurant on the roof was very nice, although the views are not as scenic as the photos, as there is a lot of construction in the area. The food was good, and so was the service - so it was enjoyable. However, the complimentary morning breakfast was very minimal - beverages, packaged donuts, and boxed cereals. It was a start to the day, though - and we found several nice restauarants nearby for a more substantial meal.I would probably not stay here again, but I would recommend it to anyone wanting a reasonably priced comfortable room in Old San Juan. The staff is friendly and helpful, and it's a great location as a base for sightseeing.

Great Time and Good Service On the beach in front of Outrigger

Pass on the Cellai The hotel was not up to our expectations. The staff was not at all friendly or very helpful.The free bicycles are a welcome perk, but they book up VERY quickly. The breakfast room was very small and crowded and not much of a selection after staying at other hotels in Italy.We had a room in the front. It was extremely noisy every night from street traffic and very loud pedestrians.I did not feel safe walking on the streets by myself as I had other cities, including Rome.

Loved the Belvedere!! We spent a week at this hotel and were most impressed. The location is right in the middle of the theatre district, so we could walk to most places we wanted to visit. This hotel had friendly service, and most reasonable prices. I was a bit dubious when I booked because the prices were so reasonable $185/night on weekdays, $215 on weekends. The room was larger than I had expected. Very comfortable bed - nice marble bath. There was little traffic noise (we were on the 14th floor). I highly recommend this hotel and we will definitely stay there again.

Good basic hotel, central location We stayed one night at the Citypark Pelayo in July 2006. Overall, the experience was positive. Positives:+ easy access from/to the airport+ close to Placa de Catalunya+ price was ok (around 93 euros through Destinia incl. breakfast)+ beautiful building+ quite spacious bathroom+ efficient air conditioningNegatives: - the room itself very smallI would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for basic, clean and modern accommodation in the heart of Barcelona. I would try to get a corner room in the tower, it could be nice.

Very cool and stylish We spent one night of our 5-day stay in Barcelona at B-Hotel. I made my booking based on the reviews here and was very pleased. I had quite a good deal through Hotelclub (113 euros incl. breakfast). Positive sides: + modern design, spacious room+ nice bathroom and toiletries+ varied breakfast+ location: first I was a bit sceptical about the location (Placa d'Espanya) - thought it would be too far from Placa de Catalunya. But it's just a few metro stops away, and it's also at walking distance from Poble Espanyol. Also close to Eixample and its nice restaurants. I prefer this location to Ramblas, which seems too crowded and touristy. + no traffic noise as the room faced a shaft (which on the other hand meant that we had no view)+ easy access to airport with busNegative sides:- some noise from the corridorThe lighting system was not as difficult as I had expected, and as a tip: the blinds in the bathroom can be shut and opened from two buttons situated above the wash basin (if I remember correctly).

Grand Marina - the best so far I stayed at the Grand Marina with my husband who was there for business for a couple of days. Overall, the experience was really great!Positive sides: + beautifully furnished, modern, spacious room (even though it was a standard room)+ the view towards the city+ big bathroom with separate shower and bathtub+ wonderful and varied breakfast (especially the iberico and fresh fruit were great)+ good sound isolationNegative sides: difficult to find anything major, but some small things: - the jacuzzi did not work, but we didn't bother to contact the reception- the roof top swimming pool is small- on mornings the ferries make some noise- this hotel is maybe more of a conference hotel, but it's suitable for tourists as wellThis was my first 5-star experience, and I enjoyed it very much. =)

loved it I stayed here for 2 weeks in March and it was wonderful. The checkin staff was wonderful, my housekeeper was extra friendly and was always careful to try to leave the room just as I would like it. The breakfast in the grill is outstanding; I have never seen anything so beautiful and delicious. The papaya and strawberries were the best, fresh muffins, eggs anyway you want them, bacon, sausage, etc, potatoes, cereals, juices, hot cakes, waffles, There was much more but too much to describe. I was honestly not hungry till dinnertime. My room was spotless. I had a partial ocean view and my room was quiet and the a/c worked great. This hotel is in perfect location for everything you would want to do. I can't imagine a better place to stay.

A True Gem When I was planning our first Bali trip, I listened to my Indonesian friends and changed my reservation from Nusa Dua to Ubud and Jimbaran. What a pleasant surprise Maya Ubud was!Arriving at the hotel was a trip itself - Ubud is inland and far from the touristy areas of Kuta, Legian, etc, so arriving at night and going to Ubud means you get a taste of the local life - limited traffic, locals sitting out in the streets eating, chatting. Serveral roads had few street lamps and our taxi drivers even got lost when a religious procession blocked the main road, so we meandered through some rice fields, and finally arrived at our resort. It is set outside of the town of Ubud high on a hill between rice fields and river valley, completed with its own nature walk.There were many things we were impressed, so I must start slow - first - the whole property is designed with one word - Care. It is reflected in the infinity edge pools that overlook flowing river below, the affordable flower baths in room, the western and japanese breakfast buffet that is included in the room and virtually two buffet in one, the ever caring staff - just such a sweet and neat place. What a great first impression to bali! We enjoyed this place way more than the big Intercontinental in Jimbaran.The experience starts with the great breakfast the first thing in the day - although we almost missed half of it - the Japanese, or the Western portion is hidden behind a wall depends on where you were seated. They have all the juices you can think of in Bali - orange, mango, apple, Papaya, guava, even banana, They also given you Champagne for free to blend with the dazzling variety of juices to make your own mimosa mango mambo maga-sa-s that you want.Then, take the free hourly hotel shuttle and head to the Ubud palace and market. One word of caution. the shuttle will pick you up but usually at 15 after the hour, even though the printed hour is 20. Spend the afternoon at the nature walk down the slope, and then swim in the infinity edge pool that looks down to the river valley. You can also have the hotel car take you to a local Ubud spa for a cheap massage and scrub.At night, use the $12 well and make use of the in-room milk and flower bath all set up in your own room to relax and warm up. This feature is not availalble in the bigger resorts in Jimbaran and Nusa Dua, and if available, no less than $25 a pop i hear.HIring a car from an Ubud hotel is cheaper than the south island options. For the same 8 hour day, we paid about $75 USD and our friends in Jimbaran paid $150; Sure they had a Mercedes, but for the 35 MPH bumpy roads around the island, an airconditioned comfy roomy Toyota will do the same job. Our driver from Maya Ubud is Dewa Taman and he is so polite and sweet, and knowledgeable and told us everything from meaning of the dances to the time of the offerings to the volcano eruption stories. It was simply wonderful. The fleet of staff is ever-smiling and sweet, and genuinely interested in their guests' welfares, from exchanges to designing daily tour routes, they are caring, enthusiastic and real (unlike the Jimbaran smiles that disappears way too fast sometimes). The hotel bar was excellent, try the drink called Bodyheat, local drink with pinapple juice, or One for Two, the honeymooner's version of local twist on Cranberry Vodka. Afternoon tea is always free and everyone gets tea, coffee and three pieces of well-made dessert, usually a western style cake, a Japanese dessert, and somethng fresh. On the day we went the hazelnut cake of the day was excellent and melts on your tongue, and we had a really soft mochi ball and some fresh fruits. Overall, we loved this place and my husband said i could stay here a few more days! LOL. We honestly loved everything about this hotel. A recommended place for anyone visiting Bali and want to stay in Ubud for a day or two in order to order the art-central of Bali and the northern volcano and lake, and rice fields.

Too Big and Buggy To Be Personal Intercontinental Bali, or what the local drivers fondly refer as The InterCon is no doubt a superb luxury property with lush setting and prime location, however, since the review is based on the experience upon the hotel's established rating, I must say the experience is so so for a 5 star hotel.I will state the bad experiences first, then the good, then my personal statement for our anniversary stay. Being a travel agent with a IATAN card, we also had our fairshares of experience at other 5 star hotels around the world (Fairmonts, Ritz, Four Seasons, etc).First, the checkin encounters were a real turn-off- When we checked in, they could not find our reservations till we produced our reservation document with Travelocity, then we were refered to a different desk, where a lady went to a telephone and spoke for quite a long time holding our Travelocity reservation papers, which I suppose they were checking with Travelocity's hotline. Then we were told (quite seamlessly) that as first time visitors to InterCon Bali, we were automatically upgraded to the Club Room (which I am pretty sure by now they lost our reservation - i booked the cheapest room on sale, and was upgraded to the highest tier room due to first time visit? Never happens to oany other first visit, nice gesture though. ) However, my gratitude lasted as long as the moment where she kindly forbid us to visit the Club Lounge, Club Pool and Club Breakfast. TWICE, as if we were sneaking kids. Then, the next day, the removed the Club Red Carpet from our door (working in the travel industry this seems like an old school service trick), and viola, we are no longer getting daily grapes, crackers and fresh fruits while they are still going to our REAL CLUB neighbors. So this whole pretentious sorry we lost your reservation so we lie about upgrade you to royalty then constantly reminded your of your real status thing, a real disappointment. I rather just have any room, thank you very much.The BAD:Top of the list, bugs. Lush setting and fish pool et all is great, ponds near guest rooms - bad idea. We stayed in the Club room, the highest tier of the rooms, and over our first night, doors and windows tightly closed and aircon on cold, we killed 5 mosquitoes within 3 hours. No wonder a bottle of RAID comes in handy in every room and a nice fine-paper note reminding guests to close the doors tightly after 5:30PM. We sprayed the room every night after that waking up with 3 itchy unsightly bites each. Well, the smell of RAID really countered any soothing effect of the nice AVEDA toiletry items.Then, like a second plague there comes the flies. We visited the lovely buffet, which was really great with so many items, but we soon realized that at least one person should guard the food and drinks at the table at all times as flies are constantly visiting all guests at the Breakfast restaurant room - inside too because the door of the restaurant constantly opens to the outside for the guests dining on the beautiful porches. We didn't know this at first and returned to our table only to find two flies crawling over our first plates and coffee cups, which to our dismay, we had to waste the food and resorted to only eating one plate at a time for the rest of our stay.Bugs aside, another bad experience was with the Beach. At higher tide in the afternoon the experience is fine, but in the morning, the portion of the beach immediately in front of the hotel is riddled with trash, I boogie boarded onto a plastic bag and then a flattened drink box, and then a couple balls of tangled sea weeds with plastic debris in the first two minutes. As I packed up to leave, the lifeguard (who was very polite and nice btw) told me that the beach off to the side of the hotel is cleaner - he was right and I ended up walking off to the side, and stayed another hour, minimizing my additional trash encounter to maybe three of four and enjoyed the beach then- thanks to the lifeguard.Like the stereotypical tropical celebrating couples, we like resorty drinks and had many good ones else where in Bali, but we simply could not find one good tropical drink - sweet and just right at the pool bar -- Our two selections of featured menu drinks were out of ingrdients (bars out of 3 of 5 ingridents on a not busy day? No white rum? Instead we were offered strong mixed drinks that tasted bitter and at least 4 shots in each drink for a few days - We are younger couples barely 30 and could hold our drinks, but getting drunk is something we planned to do in Kuta, not in the hotel pool swimming intoxicated with swimming infants around. How about more honeymoon like, sweety-weakie drinks? Also smoking of cigarettes and cigars are allowed around the pool while little kids are running by, just a note.Lastly, no irons or iron board in room, and if you special request one, you get an old iron, a small board, and for only two hours. As a result the first two hours i spent in heavenly bali was ironing clothes, then returned to the first service staff who came back to collect them, then got two more staff coming to collect the same items which was returned in the next hour. Iron really was a precious commodity at this hotel!The Good: The food was great, price is about $25 for buffet breakfast which has just about everything you want (Japanese guard stew! Balinese Curry! Noodle soup bar! Made to order omelettes and pancakes and waffles!) , or you can get a great deal for $15 for one of the breakfast sets in-room, which the polite staff set up oh-so-patiently and maticulously. In room Dinner items are typically $15-20, cheaper than its US or Europe counter parts.The service is excellent by any standard, twice-a-day checks (regular housekeeping and 8:30 night run) Ever smiling friendly staff, items always replenished with the slightest use - Although tipping is discouraged since all balinese hotels include a 10% service fee already, but we just always had to tip for the service was always so fast and attentive.The pool itself is vast and the swim-to-bar feature is cute, pool is perfectly-heated - never a cold moment!One side observation from a dumb tourist, but i enjoy seeing the locals celebrate their culture even in a hotel, fresh hibiscus flowers were offered to the big and small statues throughout the hotel just like we've seen in farm houses and endless puras (temples) in Ubud and the south. Location is excellent on Jimbaran beach, walking distance to the south warung center (beachside seafood dinner centers with many little restaurants) (just to the left of the hotel), and a sunset that delivers on the Jimbaran promise.Overall, there were shining moments and good qualities, but the bug factor makes this grand resort seem cheap.

Best Hotel Staff of Our 3-Week Trip After ho-hum service and attitudes experienced during our trip we couldn't believe how helpful the staff were (Marshall and Arlene) at the Castle Inn. For our 2-night stay the room was spacious, extremely clean and well maintained. We had a car (but didn't need it) and parking was secure and free. We didn't feel unsafe in the area. The hotel isn't in a no go zone. We walked down to Fisherman's Wharf and got the cable car back (don't recommend you do the reverse!). The hotel even got our money refunded for a tour we took that didn't work out as advertised. This we didn't expect. We would definitely stay at the Castle Inn again. We didn't have any problems whatsoever and everything we needed was provided.

Not up to Sheraton standard We stayed in this hotel for two nights in July 2007 and were very disappointed with the lack of professionalism of the staff, both at checkin and the restaurant/b'fast area. B'fast buffet was okay but dirty dishes were left on the table for unacceptable amount of time as staff wandered past and kept going without picking anything up. The room was okay, bed comfortable. Bathroom was clean. The lounge bar was very expensive. We did not think the hotel was up to Sheraton standards and found it very overpriced for what we got. Very hard to find at the airport terminal with virtually no signage to point the way. We would think twice before booking in there again. Airport is easy access via train from the city and would probably look there first for better value.

Great but uncomfortable room We stayed at the Swissotel in July t2007 for four nights and were very pleased with the cleanliness of the rooms but disappointed in the smallish queen bed. Aircon was intermittent between no air at all and then full blast. Asked for, and received, a blanket because the one doonah was far too heavy for that time of the year and lack of decent aircon. Staff were very pleasant and polite except for the bar where we had to, at one stage, wait 25 minutes for a glass of beer even though we were the only ones in the lounge at the time. Expensive, too. B'fast is fabulous. Starched white tablecloths and napkins, huge variety of quality food - and, yes, FRESHLY squeezed orange juice - not the tinned variety. Restaurant staff very very helpful and quick to remove dirty dishes. All in all would stay there again but would ask for either a room upgrade to a larger bed or twin, and would be more forthcoming re the aircon problem.

What a place! Stayed at the Sofitel for 5 nights for my 30th Birthday. After reading other reviews on this site I got myself a Priviledge card and scored 3 free glasses of champagne and a late 4pm check out. Although the room wasn't ready for our arrival (hence the 1 x extra free champagne) they were quick in getting it sorted (took 30 minutes whilst we supped in the bar). Room was gorgeous, bed comfortable but the bathroom was a lot smaller then I thought it would be. The room smelt amazing.A free bottle of champagne and glasses were waiting for us along with a birthday card when we arrived back later that night.Although concierges looked really overworked they managed to book restaurants and airport transfers for us, plus the doormen were really nice and up for a chat!Only thing was that we paid extra for a city view room (we got a view of Empire State straight out the window and the Chrysler building if you looked at a tight angle) I'm not sure it was really worth it. We were also in the room next to the stairs and ice machine which occasionally woke us up in the night. Overall fantastic and would stay here again.

Taste of Old Hawaii After reading several rather iffy reviews but still wanting to stay once before The Pink Palace closes its doors to renovate, we booked. I must admit that I called the Starwood number and stated my concerns as I had read on Trip Advisor. He reassured me that it would be okay and would email the hotel with my concerns. So after a 5 day stop in Maui, we arrived at this lovely hotel....charm that most newer structures lack! Our room was in good condition tho a little worn about the edges which we expected. The service was exceptional from champagne and banana bread delivered to our room on arrival to an invite for a cocktail party on our last evening. I am so happy that we did stay here and am sure that the newly redone rooms will be deluxe!! I hope to return for another stay within the next few years.

Amazing value - brilliant! We stayed here on a mini honeymoon after our wedding in Slovenia and couldn't have been more pleased! The room was fantastic with high ceilings and fantastic furniture and the bathroom was large and everywhere spotlessly clean! The location is great - you can walk to everywhere you want to, and the area has some of the best shops and restaurants. The hotel also has a small courtyard garden where you can have breakfast when the weather is nice and the Owners are friendly, helpful and always there if you have any questions. Would definitely recommend this Hotel and would definitely stay there again if we go back to Venice.

Good Value Hotel was next to Piazza Indipendenza and only walking distance from Florence (Firenze) Santa Novella train Sta.There are lots of shops, cafe and restaurant nearbly. It was pretty close to Accademia. Florence was easy to access on foot. The room was decorated in style (I beleive it was Florence style- green color for bed cover and curtain). Front desk staff could speak English well. I will definitely stay in this hotel for my next trip to Florence.

Utterly Wonderful! While most of the reviews for the Alba have been positive, I feel that none have gone far enough in its praise! I stayed here last week for three nights, and was completely charmed. As always when traveling alone, I fear the worst with single rooms, but mine was spacious, gorgeous, and immaculate--I mean, INSANELY clean!! I had a street-facing room on the 3rd floor which was completely quiet at night if the windows were closed. I heard nothing from anyone next to me or beneath my room--and I have extremely acute hearing.One of the best things was the bathroom, which is beautifully tiled and actually had GOOD light PLUS a magnifying mirror PLUS a wonderful shower. The walls were ragged or stippled yellow, giving a wonderful effect, and it was very light. The whole place felt much more spacious than your typical European hotel, including the breakfast room, reception area, and hallways. The glassed-in elevator would easily accommodate 10 and a boatload of luggage.No more than a 15 minute walk to practically anyplace (5 to the Arno)--and the wonderful Trattoria al Trebbio is 2 blocks away!I paid well under 100 Euro/night.

Good - But Not Great Have just returned from a week's vacation at the Majestic and while it was enjoyable, I honestly cannot say that there was anything special or unusual about the resort. I have stayed in Punta Cana many times and always at 4 1/2 to 5 star resorts. The best resort I've stayed at was the Paradissus, which you would expect considering the price. However I have paid less at other resorts along the strip and found them just as good and better than the Majestic. I am not sure why there is so much hype about this resort. It does not have the best stretch of beach, in fact there are rocks (many) in the water to the left of the resort, so if you want to swim you must move over to the left. I have never seen rocks anywhere before on Bavaro Beach. Most of the restaurants are just ok, the asian one is the best. The buffet definitely leaves a lot to be desired - food wise and atmosphere. The beach restuarant is positively awful - cannot even serve hot french fries - I just got tired of eating pasta every day. The rooms are large - furniture not particularly nice, kind of cheap looking and for the length of time this resort has been operating the covers on the bed and furniture are terribly shabby. There were large stains on the furniture in my room. Also the bathroom setup up would not suit most people - too open - who needs to hear your partner in the bathroom! The shows are pretty awful, the only good one was the Michael Jackson show, the rest of the shows were just awful and I am not hard to please. On the positive side, the pool is lovely and the service is good. You would not starve at this resort, of course you can always find something to eat and you can have fun in the pool and on the beach - but for the extra money they charge it is simply not worth it. This resort is just an average four star, but that's just my opinion.

Not a four and a half star!! We stayed at the Palladium with two friends for two weeks in January. It was our third trip to the Dominican Republic but definitely not our favourite. First of all, when you take Air Transat from Manitoba you do not take off until late afternoon (which we found out after we booked). That means you get into your resort in the early hours of the morning and believe me, that is not good. We had made three requests for our rooms to be together, at least in the same building. They were not even in the same building. The next morning took a lot of perserverence with the front desk people to try and get our rooms changed. They promised us rooms in the same building two days after we arrive - so we lived out of our suitcased until then. After we got our new rooms, we discovered my friend's room had a horrible sewer smell, I mean really bad despite spraying it daily with a spray she got from housekeeping. Forget trying to get another room. It never got any better and anyone just walking into that room could smell how bad it was and nothing was done about it. I thought the rooms (Jr Suites) were very shabby, the beds lumpy and uncomfortable. The bathrooms were very large but made little sense. There were no fans in the bathroom, but there were two very large windows with blinds over them and a window that opened inwards. In other words, if you wanted the window open, you had to leave the blind up and then everyone from every angle could see right into the bathroom!! Also there was a huge hole in the corner of the hot tub and you could see right down into the ground. I put a wet towel over it every night just in case anything nasty crawled up. We never found a towel folded nicely, like a swan or anything or any flowers left which we experienced at other resorts, even 3 1/2 star resorts make more effort. Of course we left tips, but it makes no difference, they simply don't go in for nice touches at this place. The service was usually poor, especially the a la carte restaurants, which we found to be terrible. The food in the buffets was very good with lots of variety, we have no complaints about that. However at one of the a la carte restaurants, they wanted $32 us for lobster!! (each) Last year we stayed at the Iberostar and they had a lobster night every week - no extra cost. Also the service was so much better, they could not do enough for us. We should have gone back there and I am sure we will in the future. The Iberostar is rated a 4 star and the Palladium is rated a 4 1/2 star. Don't believe it. The Iberostar will cost you more, but is worth every penny, the Palladium is a 3 1/2 at best. We would not recommend it, there are too many other superior places for the same price.

Loved this hotel Our family of 4 stayed here for 9 nights and loved the hotel. We had booked partial view with the possibility of being upgraded to ocean view because of 50+, depending upon availability. We were upgraded on the second day to an ocean view on the 23rd floor. The balcony was much bigger and the view was absolutely awesome. We had a great view of the ocean and the pool. This room was much smaller than the first room and we were rather cramped with 4 of us, but the view made it worth the difference. The rooms were lovely and had obviously been refurbished recently. The whole property was very clean and well maintained. We had no problem with the elevators. They were fast and our card worked every time.The kids loved the large plasma TV for down times. You could hook up to internet in the room for an additional cost, but if you have wireless, you just take your lap top down to the pool deck and use it for free. The only wireless hot spot is on the pool deck. Our favourite restaurants were the 2 at the hotel, Tiki's and Wolfgang Puck's. The meals were delicious and quite reasonable in price. The service was fast as well. All the staff at the hotel was very friendly and accomodating. If you called for housekeeping or bell service, they were there immediately.The cooler bag breakfast was great and we could always pack enough for lunch and put it in the fridge in our room. Having to buy only one meal a day really was a saving. We tried Cheeseburger in Paradise, but were not impressed. Also, avoid Planet Hollywood. That was the worst meal we had. We had the early bird special at Chuck's Steakhouse at the Outrigger and it was very good. We did the 2 for 1 luau that comes with the package and the show was excellent. Be sure to go early to get a good seat. When the hotel advertises that kids stay and eat free, it is a bit of a misnomer. The kids eat free at 2 or 3 restaurants that are not at all close to the hotel. They do not eat free at the hotel restaurants. However, with free breakfast and lunch for everyone, this was not a real concern. The kids loved the International Marketplace and we visited it several times. It is about a 10 minute walk. They also loved the beach because there were always waves to ride. Take water shoes, because there are some stones and rocks in the ocean. We loved this hotel and we would go back in a minute!

Room not what we were expecting I stayed in a Queen/Queen room with 3 other people. We all agreed that our room looked much nicer, brighter, funkier, warmer online than it did in person. In reality it was dark, and not sure what was going on with the decor- it was very tacky, and not the type of room i felt like hanging out it all day. I felt the bed was comfortable, but my friends felt it was far too soft. The person at the front desk when we first arrived was not very helpful. She was rather snobby and we felt like we were an inconvenience every time we asked her a question.On the plus side, the lobby was very nice. The complimentary happy hour every night between 5-6 was also a great bonus. The bellboy and valet were very friendly and quite helpful when we asked for suggestions on where to eat. And overall the hotel was very clean, which is a must for me. It was an okay stay. But i probably wouldn't stay there again, mostly because the room is not what I expected and though it was decent and clean, I guess it's not what I was looking for.

good value Booked this hotel after reading a review in the national press. We were in London for the night to see a show. The hotel was perhaps a little further away than we intended, but it was a short walk to Liverpool Street Station for the Stansted express. The room was small, but it had everything we needed for an over nights stay. Great shower . The packed breakfast which was included in the price was good. For I think it was perfect for a short stay,

Everything a Hilton should be Exec Room

Great value for money! Fountain inside Hotel

Great location and view but noisy We just returned from a Hawaii trip - this was one of three properties that we stayed at. It could be a good location as long as you have the right expectations - which I didn't ! We had a room on the 20th floor in the tower. The room was updated and nicely appointed. The bed, as all Westins, is super comfortable. The view was astounding - we watched the full moon rise over the mountainscape and the city lights below. It really is spectacular. The downside that led to our early check-out was the noise. Everyone told me Waikiki is busy, but I had NO idea. You are smack in the middle of the beach action - if this is what you like, then this is a great location. If you want a quiet beach escape, this is not the spot for you! The noise of the city seemed to bounce off the concrete buildings and it was like having a helicopter hoovering outside your room. The hotel staff offered us another room, and was very considerate, but we decided it was just not the place for us so we moved to the Kahala (FABULOUS). The Surfrider has a great entertainer in the Banyan Bar - the staff was very welcoming. Plan early if you need your car from valet parking - it took 30 minutes !

Solid - but #1 ? We recently spent 3 nights at the Sofitel in NYC and had a very enjoyable time. It is a great location and an oasis of calm in the midst of the bustling city. My only compalint....sorry...is that the beds here were not quite up to par with the Sofitel in SFO where I stay a couple weeks per year. I'm a comfortable bed fanatic and these mattresses have seen better days. The linens are great. I loved the bathrooms. Huge for NY. Everything else was fantastic. Is this the #1 hotel in NYC ? Guess it depends on your budget. We had one meal in the restaurant and were not impressed. The SFO Bay Sofitel has a little restaurant where you can buy the BEST pastries made in America. We wished that the NY location would have this, too.

Heaven on Earth We left the Moana Surfrider after a crazy, noisy night to arrive at the fabulous Kahala for a restful, fabulous stay! We have stayed for years at the Hapuna Prince on Hawaii, but the Kahala will be our new Hawaii getaway. Where to start at this perfect spot? Our ocean front room on the 7th floor offered a beautiful view of this coast and the property. You'll sink into a deep sleep after relaxing to the sound of the in -room CD featuring Hawaiian slack key music. The deep pillow top mattress guarantees a great night sleep. The room furnishings are a nice mix of contemporary style with classic island architecture. Great in-room coffee, cozy robes - they have every detail covered. The dolphin experience was incredible and even if you don't do it, you'll pass hours just watching these amazing creatures. The pool is on the small side and a bit over-heated - not a bad problem, eh? Loved the cushioned pool and beach chairs - no signing in for towels as if you'll be charged if you don't bring them back - a nice touch of respect compared to other beach resorts. The service at this hotel is impeccable. No one ever says no. We loved at the contrast between this property and Paris where the favorite saying seems to be this is not possible. Great concierge - very friendly and we enjoyed the dinner recommendations. Printed car directions to the restaurants was a nice touch. The food was very good - breakfast seemed expensive, lunches were very good, dinner at Hoku's didn't live up to our expectations. Did not use the spa. Wished I would have brought some dressier outfits, but never was treated any different even though we were very casual.

Reasonable hotel Good location and reasonable standard of hotel. As stated in a previous review, the bottled water in the room is expensive (Evian instead of a more local water) and the wi-fi is only available at a daily rate - expensive if you only want to check your e-mails for 30 minutes. Breakfast buffet finishes at 10.30 PROMPT - everything is whisked away on the dot, so make sure you have taken everything you want by that time. Alternatively there are coffee shops very nearby along Bras Basah Road. The swimming pool is quite nice, but only about 10 sunbeds round it.

Unbelievable stay room 54 - superior - bathroom

Great location We stayed for 2 nights at the Peninsula Tower of the Peninsula Excelsior Hotel. Check-in was slow. We arrived at around 1:30pm and had to line up for nearly 15 minutes, which wasn't surprising because we had to fill in a form for each room that included details like home address, occupation, etc, and each of the guests had to write their name and sign the form. The rooms still weren't ready by 2pm, so we decided to walk around instead of waiting endlessly. At least we were able to leave our luggage with the concierge. Room-wise, they were smaller than expected for a deluxe room (we received a free upgrade), but the rooms themselves and the bathrooms were very new and clean, which was a great thing. Interestingly, there were no mirrors at all in the room itself, not even in front of the desk / dressing table nor the closet. The only mirrors were in the bathroom - the big one in front of the sink and a small make-up mirror next to it. The tub strangely had no curtain so it's inevitable to have water everywhere after a shower.Location-wise, it was GREAT. Very close to City Hall MRT station (around 2 mins walk) ... and within walking distance to CHIJMES, Raffles Hotel and even Bugis Street. 2 streets down from the hotel is a computer mall, with a nice food court on the top floor, which was great for a simple breakfast. Overall, no complaints besides check-in. Probably not the best hotel in Singapore, but definitely could be considered for its location and price.

Mold and mildew galore! We arrived at the RH n October 8th. Check in was very fast and the staff were very friendly and expedient.We had booked an oceanfront room for two nights in the newer tower at a rate of $373/nt. Upon opening the door, we were assaulted with the smell of mildew and mold. We opened the lanai door, unloaded our stuff and went for a walk, hoping that some freh air would solve the problem. Unfortunately, when we returned it was just as bad as before. I have a severe allergy to mold and mildew and knew I could not stay in the room.I went down to the front desk and was given a key for another room. Unfortunately, it was as bad as the first room. So, we packed up our stuff and went down to check out. The front desk staff were very understanding and waived all of our charges. He even let me use the phone to book a room at the Hilton Hawaiian Village. (see my other review)We spoke with some other guests at the RH who didn't seem to have the problems we had, so perhaps we just had bad luck.The RH is closing next June for a much needed renovation. Word on the street locals is that they are closing b/c the mold and mildew problem is widespread and even dangerous in some areas of the hotel. Again, this is local scuttlebutt, and hasn't been verified.I do hope they get the problem under control; the RH is such a grand old dame, truly regal and deserves to be restored to her former greatness.

Nice but average... I'll preface this review as it's very much influenced by my overall view of Waikiki which was...average. Granted, it's beautiful...but so are a lot of other places. My biggest disappointment w. this hotel was the unhelpful concierge staff who had no suggestions nor were very courteous. Overall, I found the hotel staff to be overall pretty non-friendly and SLOW. The hotel is nice (sans the elevators) and the balconly views are spectacular...and I liked the beach bar very much...But I feel location, beach and hotel bars are pretty much on par as long as you stay in the same strip. And if you enjoy chain restaurants and a commercial setting, this is the place to be. Thus, I think it's a safe bet but I strongly suggest you rent a car and escape waikiki for the day and explore the island...There is so much more to be seen and enjoyed outside the commercial zone of Waikiki. And economically, ABC stores are on every corner; visit there before paying $20 for breakfast and $5 for a bottle of water. Aloha -

Loved It Having read reviews of the hotel on tripadvisor a girlfriend and I decided to book a four night stay. Before leaving home, we really wondered what we might have been letting ourselves in for but all our fears were unfounded. The hotel is an absolute gem and a real experience, There is not a space that isn't filled with ornaments, pictures, furniture etc, but there was not a speck of dust to be found. The bathrooms are tiny but spotlessly clean, although we did wonder how an overweight person would fit into the shower. A lot of thought has gone in to creating a warm, welcoming and really unusual place to stay. It is very centrally located and in a safe area. On a previous visit to Barcelona I stayed in the Gothic quarter and felt very nervous at night even though I was with my husband. Here we felt quite safe being out after dark. Abel and Sergio were so helpful, they are better than the tourist information office. They gave us maps and directions and recommended wonderful places to eat. I do second a previous review extolling the virtues of the Ciutat Comtal tapas restaurant. The only problem my friend had, was that her room was close to the reception desk and the guy who is on duty at night snores really loudly. I even heard him snoring one night from my room. I did urge her to mention this to Abel and Sergio but she didn't want to make a fuss so it is her own fault ,as I'm sure they would have changed her roomAll in all we really enjoyed our stay and would thoroughly recommend it to anyone looking for something a little different. If we go back to Barcelona we will definitely return to L'Antic Espai and also to Ciutat Comtal. Thank you Abel and Sergio

Horrible Night! My boyfriend and I booked a room here last minute to attend a wedding in Scottsdale. I was really excited because i had heard that this was a really nice place. WE were really excited when they assigned us a condo type room with a covered parking space. WEll, when we drove back to our room, which was a duplex, with one more larger room below us, we were upset because all of the four parking spots were taken, by who , I don't know. SO we parked on the street. This was fine. So let me get to the horrible part. When we were ready for bed, at about 10pm, we heard very very loud rap music apparently coming from the room below us. I called the front desk once and they called the other room and the music stopped. OKAY fine, right ? NO WAY. At about 12am we were awoken to very very loud music and a bunch of kids screeming HAPPY BIRTHDAY. I called front desk, they sent out security and the music stopped. ABout 20 min later, the music started again. AND SERIOUSLy, it seemed like our walls were paper thin. We could hear these kids cussing and yelling and we even smelled pot. I was SO furious by this point, its 2am now, I called front desk and asked for another room. THEY REFUSED and said they would call security again. Security did nothing but made all the kids leave the room. SO now the kids are standing outside our window cursing and breaking bottles. WAS this the HILTON OR WHAT?? I called the front desk yet again and demand a new room or to call the police. They still did NOTHING. Let me tell you I was even afraid to go outside to check on my car. Well, I called and got the managers name, obviously an inexperienced kid, and in the morning when I spoke to the manager, he again did nothing. OH wait, he took $20 off our BILL I WAS SO FURIOUS!! I will absolutely never ever stay here again. I cannot believe a hilton would allow this. ANd I didn't even mention that these kids came back in the morning about 6:30 am and began slamming doors. PLEASE, don't stay here if you want peace and quiet.

location is excellant BUT.......... Stayed at the Drake for 2 night s in mid January. While the location is excellent be aware of certain issues. First, we got a great rate on a hotel website, only $89 a night, what a deal! BUT parking $90!!!! $45 a night...! I expected the parking to be expensive, maybe $20 a night. $45 is just way too much.. The check in was easy and the front desk staff friendly. Our room... VERY TINY, especially the bathroom.. seriously, there is barely room to turn around... but the room we thought was very nice and classic looking. Another plus, the bar/restaurant on the top floor (oops forgot the name)... its very very romantic and the views are beautiful.

Great hotel...awesome beach!!!!! July 7th to July 14th 2007 Lobby

Perfect Location I stayed in the Tulip Inn Dam Square for one night in November.It is in a perfect location right smack in the middle of Amsterdam. The staff were efficent and friendly and the rooms were clean and pleasant. If you are plannig a tshort break this is an ideal place to stay. Overall was very happy with it.

Basic but location makes up for it We stayed here for 3 nights at the beginning of our trip and then 2 nights at the end before flying home. The location is fantastic and right in the heart of Hollywood.Rooms are very basic and smell rather musty and old, however, they are well equipped. We had the two king suite and used the spare bed to lay all the suitcases on which was useful!The kitchen was huge.There are some restaurants nearby in the Hollywood and Highland but the steak grill place turned out to be a disaster. Some people mentioned the Wolfgang Puck place was better. There is a small store nearby selling breakfast items.Although the rate we paid was good ($129 and tax per night) I do feel that it is highly priced for what you get due to the facilities being so old. Although if two couples were sharing the two king suites it would be a bargain. The location makes up for this. We did not have any problems during our stay although they do clean the rooms late in the day (3pm).

Not recommended We arrived and checked in to a room which had been used by a previous guest. They did not seemed surprised by this but did move us immediately to a clean room. The bell staff jump on you (literally) to get your luggage and we politely declined help on three occasions. Still they came to drag it away from us and in the process made us trip over them and send the luggage flying. They fight amongst themselves to get to the guests first so they can get a tip which is rude and intrusive. This only seems to happen in the States and I believe that gratutities should be at the guests discretion. I believe in rewarding good service. Also I do believe that it is their jobs to provide a service to guests and this service (if it is good) should be rewarded. If I want to take my own luggage then I should be able to do this without feeling that they want a tip for just opening doors or smiling. One of the concierge answered an outside call when we were in the middle of talking to him. The rooms are adequate but without a fridge. Beds are very comfortable. Housekeeping turned the air conditioning on and then left the windows open. What is the sense in this?! Location is good. Staff appear disinterested and lacking in common customer service skills. If you must stay here then I advise:Do not park here. They charge $50 a night PLUS TAX and you can't take your car out and bring it back in the same day without being charged another $50. Park at one of the public car parks which are close by and significantly cheaper (5th and mission or gardens)

Over-rated hotel I totally agree with the previous review. This hotel has lots of issues. We stayed from the 27th January for three nights. The hotel is about a 5 min drive from the train station (take a train from Schiphol not a taxi as it is only 4 euros each and the trains leave from the airport every 15 mins). The hotel is 20 mins from the centre, the walk is fine and that was not a problem. It was the access that was the problem. There are no clear walkways and you have to walk under dark, un-lit bridges at night to get back to the hotel. It is really frustrating as you can see the main entrance from the bridge but you then have to walk for another 5-7 mins to the end of the bridge and the walk back in the opposite direction (there is no walkway or staircase available). Taxis are way over priced and best to avoid or agree a price before you set off. Hotel staff are not really friendly (bar staff are very nice though) and we only encountered one smiling face on check in and that was the guest standing next to us!! The concierge are non existent. We had to drag luggage to our room only to find we were not given the right type of room, then to come back down again with luggage in hand.Rooms are clean and adequate BUT be aware if you book a king bedroom, you get a kingsize bed with two small single duvets. They do not provide one king duvet. This meant cold feet all night and this style is totally couple unfriendly. You might as well book a twin bed and sleep separately. I asked for a king duvet and the guest relations just said well this is our style. I said well we are both cold and with a king bed you would expect an adequate sized duvet and all she said was well you can turn the room temperature up. Apparently this is a normal procedure for a Dutch hotel. I can't honestly believe it and I think the world has gone mad if they really think that a couple can sleep adequately together in a king bed with a single duvet per person. I think the hotel is totally over-rated and would only be suitable for business travelers traveling alone who really need to leave the hotel during their stay. We will highly recommend using the trams and buy an I amsterdam discount card from tourist information as it gives you free entry to loads of attractions, free bus and tram travel and also discounts on other attractions and restaurants. Restaurants to recommend; Restaurant Brasserie Di Poort (part of Di Poort Van Cleve Hotel), is near Dam Square and serves gorgeous meals. It is fairly pricey if you go for three courses and wine and come to about per person but it is worth it.Amsterdam is a wonderful city and very beautiful but try to avoid the Movenpick.

Great Hotel....Superb Location And another

Drastically disgusting! I have travelled to quite a few places and stayed in various budget hotels and hostels, but this was by far the worst. The staff (all one of them that I saw) was very short with us, and scruffy. Theres no lift and the stairs are lethal, but then they are in a lot of places in amsterdam. the floors were dirty, the shared toilet was so tiny you could hardly shut the door and stank. The shower in the room was big, but the twin room we had was so small, one of the beds had to go at an angle to make room for the wardrobe. The shower wasnt seperate from the room, so you step out of the shower curtain and almost trip over the bed!The noise from the room next door was very loud, the walls must be really thin, and you can hear everything from the other rooms.There were stains on the carpets, stains on the sheets (nasty dirty ones!). Beds badly uncomfortable and the sheets were like cardboard. And the window was held open by a rotten piece of wood tied to a bit of rope, this was particularly dangerous as the window itself was heavy and would get jammed then fall like a guillotine unexpectedly! I went with a mate and we just 'coped' and made a joke of it, but if you cant cope in these conditions, just dont stay here. We just look back and laugh now- but that takes quite a sense of humour!yeh it was cheap and the location was good (right by liedesplein which is a great location), but there are better hotels in the same price range. we just left booking til the last minute and so had to book what we could get on a budget. not worth what we paid at all.Didnt try the food- thought it best not to! But there are good places to eat very near. So if you dont mind staying in a dump for a good location on a budget, go here. If you value health and hygiene- don't!!

Nightmare! My hubby and I just returned from Bali for our honeymoon! What can we say, this hotel proved to be a nightmare to us. The bed in our room had mites on it and the sheets were dirty, toilet was dirty and the flush did not work. We called for housekeeping but they proved to be very busy and they never turned up! Are we expected to sleep in that bed??????We immediately checked out on that day and stayed at another hotel nearby, which proved much better than this one! Bali is a beautiful place but we are never going back to Legian Beach Hotel to stay anymore!

great hotel this hotel was well worth the money staff very helpful rooms very clean breakfast facilities good and on top of that right opposite central train station would recommend anyone to stay here

Disappointing Service, Adequate Room, Great Amenities I have stayed at this resort three times; I'd expect my most recent visit will be my last, though my overall fondness for the Hilton amenities might override my disappointment with the poor service I experienced recently.Problems: at check-in, I requested a change from the non-smoking room I had reserved on the Hilton Web site to a smoking room, as my non-smoking traveling companion chose to stay elsewhere. I arrived at my (somewhat hard-to-find) room, weary from a very long flight, only to discover that it was a non-smoking room despite my request. I called the front desk and was told that I could move right next door (to a room that was similar, though slightly less desirable), but when I moved into the new room I discovered it was also non-smoking. I called the desk and was told to go ahead and smoke in that room; they would bring an ashtray.Additional problems: I departed from my room on Sunday at about 11 a.m. and returned around 10 p.m., only to discover that the room had not been cleaned. I called the guest hotline and was told that it was too late to have the room cleaned but that I could have fresh towels and coffee; when I inquired about the reason the room was not cleaned, I was transferred (without further assistance or apology) to the front desk. The front desk personnel stated I must have left the do not disturb sign on the door (I hadn't!) and offered to have the room cleaned immediately, but as I was ready to sleep I declined the offer in favor of the fresh towels and coffee alone. (They arrived within about 15 minutes.) I never received any explanation, apology, or adjustment. An additional disappointing feature was the $13.95 per day fee for internet access (with VPN), essential for staying connected with work while I visited Phoenix for a family emergency. It worked well and was easy to set up, but free wireless access would seem to be an expected amenity at a hotel of this type.The hotel setting is attractive, with views of mountains and city lights. (Warning: for some rooms, one is faced with a very steep walk to/from the only parking options.) The suite was comfortable--and, as usual, the beds, linens, and toiletries were perfect. This room was far less luxurious than the two others I had experienced at this hotel, though. Housekeeping (when offered!) was excellent, and the room was very clean. I liked the two-room arrangement and the flat-screen televisions in each. The AAA rate on the Hilton site was great.It's too bad the service was dreadful. From a hotel of this type, I'd expect much better--and, from my experience, it's possible to find great service at comparable locations in the Phoenix area.

nice place not as bad as some reviews say.Our room as a garden view, was very quite and was always good cleaned.the location is very good five minutes from everythinggood staff and we appreciated a lot internet freegood value for maney.

Would recommend this hotel to anyone Would recommend this hotel to anyone. We were a party of 9 women from London on a 3 day trip to Venice. The hotel was great value, had charming staff, was very well positioned (we arrived by water taxi, and a landing plank was put out for us due to very high water levels), and with very Italian atmosphere.Rooms very well appointed and better than many four star hotels in some cases. Room 5 has a lovely balcony overlooking the canal, but all the rooms we had were quite luxurious. The Proprietors were very helpful and spoke perfect English, putting us all to shame.Will never stay anywhere else when in Venice!!!

nice accommodations Apr 2008: We stayed in a brand new section for Sunquest Canada guests, so the accommodation was good: 2 queen beds, large room with small balcony (no view), large walk-in closet and bathroom. The information provided by the hotel was very poor. You had to ask for everything from shampoo to the TV remote! Since there was no phone in the room, you had to go to reception each time. The map of the property didn't even show our section and in any event just said A = pool, B = restaurant, C= accommodation, etc., which wasn't very useful. If you wanted to know all the bars on the property, the type of entertainment, restaurants, etc., nothing was provided. The staff were very friendly, but only a handful spoke any English. We also heard a couple of horror stories about people having to wait several days to even get a room with a proper bed when they had booked for two weeks and a family not getting their room until 4AM when they had arrived at the hotel around 11PM!The property was also too large for our taste. You either had to wait for their shuttle train or walk 10-12 minutes to the beach. Getting a spot in the shade was always a challenge as people would put out towels at 7AM and then go somewhere else for the day.The beach is as good as everyone says and there are no vendors bugging you. However, it was mostly too hot to walk any distance, so it didn't really matter how long it was! There was nowhere to shop and no town close by worth visiting. There were lots of excursions available, but the average cost was $70+ per person.

Great Value I would highly recommend this hotel. I traveled to Amsterdam last week with 2 friends from the US and originally booked a big apartment to rent. Once we got there we determined that our apartment was too expensive, given how week the US dollar is. We walked around and our last stop was the Nova. I'm so glad we found this place. We got a triple for 90 euros w/ breakfast and couldn't have been happier. The room was nicely decorated, spacious and the beds were comfortable. We were in room 224 and had a beautiful view of the street. The breakfast was ok, nothing to brag about but served its purpose. The hotel has a lift, so to the other reviews regarding the stairs, I'm not quite sure what that's about. The staff was very helpful as well. Great bargain!!

Superb hotel Superb hotel, great location, friendly staff. Couldn't fault it.

Wonderful hotel I booked this hotel on the strength of it's TripAdvisor ranking and I wasn't disappointed. It's so central, staff are amazing and the room was fabulous. This was the most comfortable bed I've ever slept on. Bathroom wasn't huge, but was more than adequate, and the room was big by Manhattan standards. No problem getting a late checkout.

Great hotel The Preciados is in an excellent location, close to Grand Via, but in a quiet side-street. Rooms were also soundproofed. Immaculately clean, pleasant staff, not the biggest room in the world, but perfectly sufficient for a short stay in Madrid. Free mini-bar is a bonus.

Excellent hotel This is a great hotel in an excellent location, just off Playa Catalunya. Our room was on the 8th floor, and had a nice view of the city. Bathroom was spotless, and had a good selection of toiletries provided, including toothbrushes, razor shaving cream, and body buffer. Didn't have breakfast there, but had food at the bar, which was excellent, although a bit expensive compared to what's available in nearby tapas bars/restaurants. Staff were pleasant, and most spoke English. I would definitely stay here again.

Above average I won this hotel on priceline for just under a night including taxes etc., and was quite worried after reading some of the reviews on this site. However, I was very pleased with the hotel. The staff were exceptionally friendly, our room on the first floor (smoking floor) wasn't huge, but was very comfortable, and looked to have been fairly recently decorated. The bathroom was a good size, and water pressure in the shower was excellent. Breakfast was a little expensive at per person, but there are plenty of places nearby for a good breakfast, and a cup of coffee at the bar was outrageously expensive at over however the food available at the bar was very good valueGood points: Location; clean, bright room; airconditioning; friendly helpful staffBad points: Expensive breakfast coffee at the bar

Will stay here again We stayed at this Fairfield because the rate was reasonable (less than $100 including all taxes), it included breakfast, and it was close to the hospital my husband was in. The room was clean, the thermostat worked perfectly, and the beds were comfortable. The towels were softer than most of those I've encountered in hotels for twice the price, which was very surprising. The showerhead was great. There were snacks available in their mini convenience store in the lobby, which with two teenage boys, was very convenient! I informed the hotel of my two complaints via their survey, which was sent to me a few days after my stay. The choice of breakfast foods was great, however the baked goods were so stale, they were inedible. The bagels were rock-hard. I also observed an employee re-stocking the breakfast sandwiches and milk by just piling the new product in front of the old - she should have pulled forward the older product and put the new in back. My other complaint was the bathroom door - it was spring-loaded so that it closed automatically, and it opened OUT into the room. We had to prop it open after we showered just to be able to get the steam out and breathe. I've never encountered a configuration like it before. We will be staying there again for the next few weekends, and I hope the breakfast issue is resolved. I'll speak to the desk personnel next time to find out if they actually received my survey.

Sheraton - very nice We stayed in the Union Street tower (new standard king room) and found it to be very nice!! We are usually Westin or W people, but decided to check out one of the new rooms here. Love the new design and the subway tiles in the bathroom. Bed and linens were on par with the Westin Heavenly Bed. I slept like a baby and am extremely particular about bedding. Curtains made the room completely dark - perfect for sleeping in!It was quite posh, and I would consider this hotel over the Westin aand W Seattle next time we are in town. And yup, parking is expensive everywhere in SEA. that's just how it is!

Liked the Mario The Roommate Mario Hotel is ideally situated, being close to many of Madrid's attractions, restaurants and bars, with the Opera metro station only two minutes away, but in a peaceful street with little traffic. Staff were friendly and helpful. Our room was very clean and comfortable, as was the bathroom. The varied and plentiful breakfast was a bonus. We would recommend this hotel without reservation.

Good value for your money My husband and I picked this resort because it was reasonably close to our son's baseball tournament. Last year we stayed at the Pointe Hilton Tapatio Cliffs and loved it. Thought we would try this one for a change and liked it's proximity to the freeway to get to the ballpark. We particularly liked the spacious private casita. We had a pool and hot tub right outside our door and it was never busy. We managed to squeeze in one afternoon floating down the Lazy River and going down the water slide. Great fun in the very hot sun! Ate one night in the hotel's Lantana Grille and it was okay. Another night we wandered down the street about 2 blocks and stumbled on the best Italian food in a restaurant called Tutti Santi. From the outside it doesn't look like much, but inside is great and we had a really fun evening there. Because the hotel is close to the freeway, it was easy to dine in other areas and we had a fabulous dinner at Roy's in Scottsdale. At this hotel we liked the spacious rooms which included a kitchen and we like the proximity to the freewy. At Tapatio Cliffs we liked the scenery, the layout of the resort in the cliffs, and the more adult-oriented facilities including the great bar by the big pool. The rooms at Tapatio Cliffs were smaller than casitas but they were very nice and we liked being able to keep our sliding door open all night. Although we really liked Squaw Peak, I think next time we will return to Tapatio Cliffs.

Great location, not so great hotel Outside the hotel

Too much Warhol Just come back from a three day stay, and liked this hotel. We were a group of 6 women. The restaurant area is quite stylish, though empty apart from at breakfast time. We had one breakfast there which was good, but expensive. Better to go somewhere else to eat. Recommend the Twelve Apostles for breakfast which is an Italian restaurant about 10 minutes walk away.Reception were friendly and helpful, and in fact it was them that recommended the Italian restaurant.The rooms are very clean, well-equipped and generally comfortable. It was very hot at night, and there the air conditioning seem to work. The standard is a double rather than a twin bed, and even though we had specified twins we got doubles. After the first night, they were able to find rooms with twin beds.Location is good for shopping and eating out, but the main sites are not walking distance away. However we found taxis cheaper than in the UK. This is a Warhol themed hotel, with many prints and photos. I liked the prints but could have done with less photos ;-)

Wonderful vacation I wrote an extensive review of this hotel over a week ago but as I have not yet seen it I am now doing a shorter version.My husband and I stayed here from October 29 - November 12. We were very pleased that we booked the Platinum package through Air Canada Vacations. Their Representative Mylene was fantastic. The Guest Services Manager Armando Vargas was also wonderful.The check in was done in the Platinum Lounge so there were no long line ups. Check out was the same. I will not go into details about the beach except to say that we never had any problems finding chairs. The gardens were magnificent. There is a very nice ecology walk. Ask the trolley driver to let you off at the Mangrove Bridge. We had a Continental Breakfast in the Platinum Lounge. We ate so much during th day we did not need a big breakfast. You could go there for drinks in the afternnon and evening. In the morning you booked your a la carte dinners there. We tried all of them the first week and picked our favourites the second week.They were the Sakura, Chopin and Bella Vista. At 8.30 in the Chopin a small boat appeared on the little lake. There was a piano player in the boat. He played for about 1/2 hour.We also had a free dinner at the Licey Gourmet Restaurant through the Platinum package. The food was very good and very well presented but we did not think that it was worth the $25 surcharge.The soups in the beach Buffet Restaurant were the best that I have ever had in a hotel.Many of the reviews mentioned the lack of water pressure. We had a lovely room close to the water. The first week we were downstairs and the second week upstairs but that made no difference. This was our only complaint. We rarely got face cloths so if you use them you would be advised to bring your own.The suites were large and very clean. In addition to the fridge which contained beer and pop we had a dispenser with 3 bottles of liquor.My husband really enjoyed the 4 Dives that he went on. We also went on 2 snorkelling trips out to the reef which were included. You got a good view of the coastline from the boat. The fish and coral were terrific. Unfortunately the waves were very high.We were delighted to find out that there was Mass at 5.30 on Sunday evening. There were not many people there possibly beause it was not well advertised.The Duty free place at the airport was closed on the Sunday evening. A small gift shop finally opened. It sold beer and rum. The local rum was $25 for a 26 oz.We will certainly go back to this hotel. We have been travelling to the Dominican on and off for the last 25 years. The staff, food etc were the best yet at the Bavaro Princess.

Wonderful stay at the Boston Hilton Stayed 3 nights in Boston as part of a trip to celebrate our Silver Wedding anniversary. We were made to feel welcome from the moment we arrived. The girl at check- in was very pleasant asked if we were there on holiday. When we said it was for our anniversary she looked to see if a suite was available upgraded us to one for no extra charge. The room was vast with facilities to make tea/coffee, lovely soaps etc in the bathroom wonderful fluffy bathrobes - heaven! The hotel was bright, clean airy the air-conditioning was up to date. The area is quiet but only a 5 minute walk to Faneuil Hall, Quincy market the harbour. We did the tram tour the Freedom trail during our visit. We ate breakfast just across the street in a small cafe where we could get omlette with bacon, home fries toast for less than $6. The food was freshly cooked if you didn't mind using plastic plates, knives forks it was great value. We found the people of Boston very friendly helpful throughly enjoyed our trip.

Caveat Emptor Be very careful when you book a room at this hotel. You could be one of the unfortunate people, as we were, to get a teeny tiny room, no hairblower, no bathtub, dirty window sills, and a bed in very bad shape. I wouldn't even relogate this room to the shabby sheik category. After we complained we did get another much better room. The manager, who made no apologies, did imply that it was up to us to have asked for a different room. Unbelievably he advised us that this room was UNDER RENOVATION for handicapped. It was a new one on us that for $400 plus each nite, for 5 nites, we were to worry that our room would look like it did and it was our responsibility to investigate the room ahead of time. Having travelled all over the world I would submit this was one of a very few awful experiences for us.Unless you absolutely adore breakfast and need cheese and wine at 4 o'clock I would stay somewhere else. The hotel is on the East side of the city and major museums and theater, Lincoln Center, etc. are on the west side. There are many accolades on this site regarding Elysee. Indeed if we had had the second room the first time, I wouldn't be writing this review. A word of warning then. Be certain you see your room ahead of time.

Loved this Hotel This was a trip to celebrate my retirement and 3 other friends came along we all loved this Hotel. It's why I always try to stay at Marriotts. Yhe Hotel was right on the beach, very nice clean beach I could have stayed right there the whole trip. The resturant food was great, and the rooms were clean, roomy, and very comfortable. I will tell all my friends about this Hotel and I will celebrate my Birthday there next year.

Absolutely superb! We stayed at the Hoxton for 3 nights at the end of July, and got one of their special low rate deals for one night, and the total package was for two people for three nights.Arrived in reception and were immediately advised that our room was going to be nearer the lifts as their was some building work further up the hotel which was fab, we were in a room that looked straight down over the court yard.We ate dinner and breakfast in the hotel once and could not fault it. The rooms were a little on the small size but had everything you need and I just loved it, the special little touches like fresh milk in the fridge and the pret-a-manger breakfast bag.An ideal base for exploring London, only 5 minutes from a tube stop, and although we had trouble getting back one night as we missed the last tube, and struggled for a taxi, we still had a great time in a lovely hotel!The staff were all really friendly and polite and full of information if you needed it...Would I stay again - definately!

Parking prices are outrageous The parking prices were shocking. Even though I read previous reviews, I still parked at the hotel. We were planning on moving the car but never did. It was just too convenient. The price--with tax--was about $44.00 a night. The rooms were ok..nothing special. Our room overlooked the ugly roof tops of nearby buildings. I guess that's what you get when you book at cheapest rate. The consierge was non-existent. We talked to her on our 1st day to get directions...then nothing but an empty desk the rest of the week. When we wanted to change our reservations to leave a day early, we were treated nicely and they had no problem with it. I thought they might try to charge me for the extra day, but they didn't. The Crowne Plaza is in a great location...so if that's what you want, go there. I would say it was a average hotel in an expensive city.

Great boutique hotel We have just returned from 2 nights in Paris at this hotel. Though the rooms are small, this is somewhat expected for Paris. The great location, charming decor and friendly staff more than makes up for it.I would definitely stay at this hotel again and would recommend others (esp. those who love a bit of personality in their hotels) to stay here.

Location, Location, Location This hotel takes up one square block--it's huge. It is a block away from Boston Common, making it a centralized location to see everything in Boston. The hotel is near the Arlington Avenue T station and is good for getting around. Everyone should check out Gypsy Bar on Boylston, which is only a block away from the hotel. It was hopping on Saturday, though it seemed like more tourists were there than locals.The room was small; the bed took up the entire room. We would go and have breakfast at Au Bon Pain, located in the hotel or Starbucks in the mall across the street. The concierge was pleasant and helpful in making suggestions about what to do during the July 4th weekend.

In the center of it all but small The Room

Missing Amsterdam already Having just returned from a fews days in Amsterdam I can honestly say that i'm missing it already. The Hotel Luxer was such a lovely hotel with pleasant staff, good morning breakfast and knowing that the hotel is secure made our stay perfect. The sound of the church bells was lovely (once you got used to them) The Hotel is just around the corner from the red light district, 5 minutes walk from Central Station and Dam Square and is surrounded by an abundance of restaurants, bars and coffee shops. Amsterdam is such a lovely place and We will surely be going again in the near future, hopefully in the summer. The weather is very much like England. The only thing that was scary were the beggers and pimps. Also be wary, you will be offered all kinds of things whilst walking down the streets, especially around the red light district. Ladies leave you handbags at the hotel.

perfect for families the building

Won't be my first choice next time I booked a room for a family member for a stop over stay. The stay in total was going to be for 6 hours. I made the reservations through starwood and I contacted the hotel directly to make sure that they will accept my credit card for payment. I was sent the authorization form and on it was a place to put down what I believe the charge on the mastercard will be. I had also requested an early check in, which is normally a request that is not guaranteed. My sister arrived just before 9 am, and she went to check in, and she was told that there will be a charge for early check in. I was baffled, why was I not informed when I had precisely asked about the total of the entire stay after requesting an early check in. So I called the hotel directly and spoke to someone in accounting. They had no idea what I was talking about so he said he will call me back. But of course he didn't. So the next day I called back. Again I had to explain my situation. The person again said he has to call me back. I didn't hear back, so I called back that same day but the accounting office was closed. I got a call the next morning explaing to me that because the check in occured before 3 pm there was charge. Before 3 pm? Whats early check in then? I am very disappointed that a starwood property was not completely honest when I made the reservation. I did make the reservation through starwood, but I had contact with the hotel. Nevertheless, even if it is a nice property with nice staff, I will not stay there again or recommend it to anyone. If the charge was previously made clear, then I would not have had a problem.

good times view from patio - room 773

One week wasn't enough boogie boarding right in front of our resort

Great experience We only had one night in our fabulous find but enjoyed it none the less. We arrived too late to partake in the evening wine/cheese but enjoyed our breakfast. The cozy comfort of the ground floor will definitely require a return trip! We did not want to leave! Dinner recommendation at L'Ottavo was excellent (close walking distance.) Only negative is the $30/day valet parking fee (provided by an offsite service) but it is understandable since the neighborhood is not geared toward parking for private vehicles. Room was very comfortable although bathroom was quite narrow. Elevator takes patience but stairs are easily traversed so no problem there. Street noise was no problem at this time of year but could be during summer months when windows are open. Overall, it was a great experience and we will definitely return.

Two thumbs up...way UP!!! Hola! My husband and I just returned yesterday :( from our week-long stay (6/6 to 6/13) and we're definitely having withdrawl! This was our first trip to Punta Cana, and our first All-Inclusive. We loved everything about our trip except the fact that we had to leave! I really wanted to write this review because I know how I looked forward to reading them. We booked through an on-line site and it was an Apple vacation out of Cleveland on USA 3000. Everything went smoothly with with our reservation. I requested an oceanfront room, second floor. That's not what we were given upon arrival, but I just asked for one, and, though it wasn't oceanfront, we were re located just behind those that were, on the second floor. We were in suite 2403...loved the location near the beach and pool...a good walk to the lobby and the breakfast/dinner buffet, but really appreciated the lush grounds and beautiful surroundings along the way! The room was just as pictured, nicely renovated-especially the bathroom! We had a new flat-screened t.v., but not one of the new clock radios that I've heard they've been installing...no big deal...brought a travel alarm clock. We had great maid service, with beautiful red flowers left in the bathroom towels each day! We tipped each day for the great service, but I think it would have been the same, tip or not! We always asked for extra water each day because we used the coffee maker each morning...we'rereally early risers, and enjoy our coffee! We found the food to be really good...the breakfast buffet had a great variety of choices, we always found something we liked...the dinner choices were wonderful, too! We always sat near the water where we enjoyed watching the water fowl...and we loved the great service we were given by Juan and Jairon!!! We always ate lunch at the beach/pool buffet and, again, we liked it there, too. Lots of choices...I really liked the pizza and the salad bar, and the ice cream was always refreshing! As far as the drinks go, I really liked the Bahama Mammas, and my husband liked the rum and cokes. We ate at 3 specialty restaurants, the Steakhouse--loved it...the Mediterranean--liked it ...and the Gourmet--absolutely LOVED it...the lobster salad appetizer was to-die-for as was the steak entree and the pineapple sponge dessert w/coconut ice cream! We ate pretty much what we wanted and never felt sick our entire trip!We met many nice vacationers...hola Natalia, Gloria and Philleman from Chile...we miss your warm, friendly smiles! And the Star Friends, who run the activities at the pool each day and the shows at night, do an awesome job making everything so much fun and everyone feel so welcomed! You don't have to do any of the activities...we did the horseshoes, the archery, and the air rifle shoot...I won the horseshoe toss one day and my husband won the archery on another day. When you win, you are invited on stage that night and they present you with a certificate and a t-shirt and everyone sings We are the champions... and though we weren't sure we'd like all that attention...It was great fun!We were very pleasantly surprised to find almost no bugs, and only a few flies and a mosquito or two. We had just one complaint...we had cold showers most of our days there...though we spoke to others who always had hot showers...could have called the desk, but didn't. Absolutely no mold anywhere, no smell in the room and always had a good working airconditioner!!!I realize I'm going on and on...but there's so much to tell...we're looking forward to our next wonderful vacation...hopefully next year! We would highly recommend this resort in a heartbeat!

Loved It Dancing on the catamaran

Great Vacation My friend and I stayed at Ocean Blue Resort, Villa 9. We had a wonderul time. The beach is beautiful as well as the resort. We enjoyed the train that would transport you to and from your villa. The room was clean and lovely. We went on the excursion to swim with the sharks and stingrays, and we had a great party on the catamaran. This was my second time going to DR, but this trip was the most fun ever. We met many people that we hung around with. We enjoyed great night entertainment. Oh I can not forget to mention the swim-up pool bar. It was awesome. I would go back again. Great Vacation.

classy and very chic 11th floor night view

Amazing place, amazing staff- an AMAZING vaction Just returned home from one of the most enjoyable vacations of my life. As a Christmas present, my parents invited me along on their trip to this resort. They had purchased the trip through Apple Vacatons for the dates of Dec 11th thru the 16th. They also spent the extra money to make it an all inclusive stay- meaning we ate and drank for free, and received discounts at the spa and golf courses. After reading most of the unhappy reviews on here, I was quite shocked. I don't understand how anyone could say anything bad. Upon arrival, they upgraded me to an oceanview room on the same floor my parents were on (the 7th floor- top floor and the best views). Every employee would go out of their way for us. The maid came twice a day. The bartenders would remember us and our drinks. The waitresses and waiters were more attentive than I could have hoped. I realize that if we didn't have all-inclusive, the priced would be more than I would expect, but it is a resort- you have to expect things to be more pricy than home. I do suggest that you get that package if possible, its easier just to sign your name, than have to carry cash around. The beach is amazing, as well as the pool. I was waiting to be attacked by bugs after reading everyone's reviews. I had no problem, even though I forgot my bug spray. I found an empty chair everyday at the pool and beach. I can't rave about this place enough, except if you are single, this isn't really a place to consider staying. I'm 25 and didn't really see anyone my age (who wasn't there on a romantic getaway with their boyfriend/girlfriend). I do plan on going back with a friend or two next December. I just need to start saving now.

Loved it The small room with twin bed

Fantastic hotel - would return again We stayed at Affinia 50 between 16-20 February. We had chosen it due to excellent reviews on trip advisor and we were not disappointed. On checking-in we were upgraded to a junior suite which was extremely spacious - especially for a room in NYC and we had a fantastic view south down 3rd Ave. The staff were fantastic, helpful and really friendly - Eduardo on reception, Sid the Concierge and the doorman to name a few. They made us feel right at home. We loved the extra touches such as the free cheese and wine in the evening and free tea and coffee. We thought the hotel was stylish and welcoming and will definately return here next time we come to NYC! I will certainly be recommending the Affinia 50 to my friends.

Great deal! Hall

Convenient location, gracious hosts What a delight to find this small hotel so centrally located for our three days in Florence. My daughter and I easily walked from the train station to the hotel, with excellent directions from Mr. Lombardi. The hotel is walkably close to the Duomo, markets, museums, and restaurants. Our hosts also made our reservations at the Accademia and the Uffizi, so we have to wait long in line. Our room was spacious and clean with crisp white linens and comfortable beds. We enjoyed the ample breakfast fare with local pastries, the wonderful coffee, and the helpful library of travel books and maps. A pleasant, gracious staff made us feel like family. Many of our fellow-guests shared our favorable opinion of Hotel Casci. I would definitely stay there again. The only downside was that our room could have used a little more heat, since November nights can be a little chilly.

Very modern We picked this hotel because we like new, modern and clean places to stay while on holiday. The Hilton Garden Inn met all these requirements for us.The only issue I had, and why I didn't give it 5 stars is because of it's location. It's not in walking distance to main siights of Florence and because of the weather (35 degrees C) it was too hot to get the very crowded bus so we had to get a taxi into town every day which varied in cost but was approx 12euros each way.The rooms were very nice. New, nicely decorated, spotlessly clean and the shower was great. It was a really nice place to come back to after a days sight seeing in the summer heat.A perfect business hotel and a good place to stay for tourists who prefer a more modern alternative to most of the city centre hotels.

Loved the Resort! We stayed the the resort from June 17th - 23rd for our honeymoon and had a fabulous time! We had a partial ocean view room on the 7th floor, which meant that our balcony had view of both the rain forest and the ocean. The property was pretty empty during the week which was great for us. The food was expensive but tasty, our favorite was the new Aqua Luna cafe which let us bring our own wine with no corking charge. The hotel grounds were beautiful and the beach was basically deserted with nice swimming. However it can't compare to the beach at Culbrera -definitely worth a day trip! We took the bio bay tour through the hotel $160 for two and it was definitely worth it. We rented a car (a must) and did the rest of our sightseeing on our own - San Juan, rainforest, Culbrera. We also would recommend both Las Vegas (by the rainforest) and Richie's (at the top of the hill above the resort) for off site food. We requested a mini fridge when we arrived and were told that they were all out. However, the fridge arrived the following day with a fruit plate and bottle of wine as an apology. We found that all of the staff were very pleasant and quite helpful. We also took the shuttle to the casino for an evening and found it to be a nice trip out (especially since we won and needed a distraction from our snorkeling sunburn). Overall this was a great experience and we would definitely return. The resort is a great location to tour eastern PR, however if you are looking for lots of nightlife this isn't the place. But, if you are looking to see PR and enjoy a tropical vacation in a beautiful place you can't go wrong with this resort!

It's a beauty. Ambar pool

Great Modern Hotel I stayed at City Inn Westminster Hotel during the football match England last November. Location of the hotel is great for the visiting Tate Britain, Westminster Abbey and Houses of Parliament, London Eyey and Aquarium, Buckingham Palace. All walking distance. Closest underground stations are 10 min. walk and the nearest bus stop is at least 5 min. walk, which is not the greatest for the visiting the other parts of London. The place is a quite deserted during the evening and night hours. There are no restaurants and pubs close to the hotel.The hotel is great, modern building. Reception desk staff is excelent and really helpfull. My room was large and beautifully furnished with everithing you need. The bathroom is small but clean and nice. You feel very comfortable in the room. The breakfast is very good. The hotel is modern adn somewhat sterile, but this is just what I like.

The best hotel in Amsterdam . . . I've been to this fabulous city several times, but have never been able to get a room at this hotel. Happily, my husband and I were fortunate enough to stay at the Seven Bridges Hotel for 5 nights at the beginning of this November. Our room, with a wonderful view of the canal, was charmingly furnished, very comfortable and spotlessly clean. We felt so at home, it was very difficult to leave. Breakfast brought to our room was the ultimate luxury; the fresh breads, croissants, cheeses, and coffee were the perfect start to every day. The location was great: off the beaten path, but within 5 - 10 minutes of multiple restaurants, shopping, museums, etc. Pierre and Gunter are perfect professionals. They were friendly and informative, but never intrusive. What more can I say about an establishment that loaned us an umbrella, an extension cord, and a flower vase? We would go back next week if we could, and certainly plan to stay there again sometime in the future.

The Savoy Berlin is Charming We chose this hotel based on reviews from this website - which were seemingly excellent. We were pleased with the hotel for the most part and I found the hotel filled with old world charm - which we like. If you are looking for North American type hotels - this one isn't for you. Our room was quite large and quaint and overlooked the outdoor patio. We awoke to birdsongs every morning and it was a lovely start to the day. The beds, although European in style, were quite comfortable. The bathroom was large, but quaint. I don't think the hotel has air conditioning - if it does, it has no obvious temperature controls in the room. Some reviewers compained about noise, but we had our windows open and found the room to be quiet.The hotel guests seemed to be mainly German speaking - so this hotel did not appear to cater to North American tourists per se, but the staff speak English and communication was not an issue. On the other hand, I did not go on vacation to have a North American experience - if we wanted that we would have stayed home. So this hotel fit my needs very well - it was a slice of Europe.Some reviewers have compained about the cigar bar off the lobby and the accompanying cigar odor. We did not find the smell of cigars to be particularily strong or offensive. So it was not an issue. What was shocking was the price of breakfast. Our room rate did not include breakfast (if you stay here - make sure it's included before you eat there) and when the bill came it was 19 Euro per person - my cereal and croissant cost almost $30....But, its Europe and I should have known. For the rest of our stay, we walked half a block to a lovely coffee shop for pastries and deliciously european coffee - under 10 Euro for two.The hotel has a convenient location - it is near many restaurants and small coffee shops, only two blocks from Ku'damm and the upscale shops therein, and within walking distance of many attractions. The area has undergone rennovation and you will find lovely shops, restraurants, bars, and theatres within mere blocks of the hotel. It is less than a half hour from the airport and only blocks to buses and trains.This hotel was a pleasure to stay in and we would do it again.

Loved the location Loved this hotel it was situated within 5 minutes walking distance to the Dam Square and all its splendor. The hotel was clean and comfortable, room 304 was spacious and there was no noise as it is situated at the back, no good if you want a view.Breakfast was adequate, Reception were excellent and extremely helpful when asked if they could tell us where we could use internet check in at the airport they did it for us and printed out our boarding passes.Where the hotel is situated is perfect to get out and about to all the wonderful museums and shopping areas.Would recommend this hotel and definately stay there again. Chris and Elaine UK

Great location and friendly hotel I chose this hotel mainly due to location as I was taking my Mum who can't walk so far - but it was a great choice alround. We were upgraded to one of the new apartments which was great and the staff were all friendly and helpful. Breakfast is very good and the light snacks in the roof bar are excellent - plus the open terrace is a great location to sit and have a glass of wine and admire the view.Very good location and close to some very good restaurants. Would recommend if you want to be in the heart of the City.

The Belvedere - Service at it's best Staying at The Belvedere was a great experience. The hotel itself was beautiful. The rooms were spacious and confortable. The service was more than we expected. I loved everything about staying there. On the same block there was a corner florist. The flowers were gorgeous and really set the mood everytime we walked past it back to the hotel. The best feature was the pricing. Because it was a few blocks from the hub of Manhattan, we were able to pay a lower rate than had we stayed right near Times Square. However, it was so close, it was just a few minutes walk to that area. And being in NY, walking was half the fun. I have recommended this hotel to many friends and family. I look forward to another visit.

A Very Comfortable Stay I used the tripadvisor ratings, and chose the Grand Hyatt in downtown Seattle for a four day stay in that city. There were four of us, so I booked 2 rooms. There was very little difference between the two rooms. The rooms were well maintained, the beds were comfortable, the bathroom was a pleasure, and the breakfast in the on site Ruth Chris's Steakhouse was excellent. I would definitely stay there again.

Could Not Have Been Happier We stayed at The Chesterfield Mayfair from September 25, 2006 through October 4, 2006. There were four in our party, so we booked two rooms. I have made many previous trips to London, and have stayed in BB's, Le Meridien, The Marriott, The Grosvenor House, and The Savoy. After this trip, there is no question where I will stay on my next trip. I will definitely return to The Chesterfield Mayfair. The service was the best that I have experienced in London, the food in the restaurant (Butler's) was wonderful, and even the tea in the Chesterfield Mayfair Conservatory was super. Their scones were much, much better than the famous scones served at The Wolseley. The only thing they could improve on would be the firm beds. I found them a bit too firm, and would rather have a softer pillowtop mattress. I did sleep well, so it was not a major problem.Reviewer from Benicia, CA

A gem in Florence This was our fourth trip to Florence, but our first stay at the Hotel Casci. I found the hotel's website after reading various positive reviews online and was charmed and impressed by the friendliness and comprehensiveness of the site. And the price, for Florence, was very reasonable. We used the website to book, and received a response within 24 hours. When we arrived at the hotel, several other people were checking in at the same time, so there was a bit of a wait, but when our turn came, we were received in a very welcoming manner. My sister, who was also in Florence at the time, had left us a message to call her hotel, and the lady helping us at check-in immediately offered to put our call through. Our room was large and very comfortable, with a kingsize bed, a small additional area containing a pull-out single bed (that area had its own telephone and TV!), and a spotless bathroom with a combination bathtub/shower. There was no view, but it was very quiet at night. The breakfast in the attractive breakfast room was very nice, and my husband was delighted to see there was a contraption for cooking your own soft-boiled eggs! Everytime we went in or out of the hotel, we were greeted cordially. There was free internet use, and when some customer apparently abused the computer, and caused it to crash, a loaner computer was set up for our use within a couple of hours. There is also free WiFi in the hotel, but we did not bring our laptop, so can't comment on how well that works. Off the reception area was a small bar for the purchase of water, soft drinks, coffee, etc., and there was a large assortment of travel guides available. We can't wait to go back to the Casci on our next trip, and I almost hate to spread the word, as it is a small and delightful family-run hotel at a bargain price, and after the word gets out we may have to book months in advance!

Mixed experience at the Atlantico My husband and I stayed at the Atlantico for six nights in mid-April and had a mixed experience. I had booked deluxe accomodations through the BestWestern site, hoping for a large room. However, when we arrived, nothing matching our requirements (twin beds) was available, so we were put into an attractive, recently redecorated, but very modestly sized room. Also, the hotel web site had indicated a coffee maker and AM-FM radio in each room. Neither was available. When I asked for a radio, the clerk suggeted that I go out and buy one! One more negative, there was no free Internet access in the hotel for guests who didn't own a laptop. Fortunately, an internet cafe in the ZAHARA cafe right across the street was conveniently located. Some of the desk staff were friendly and helpful, some not. when we checked out, the staff person let us know that he thought that we had been charged deluxe prices without deluxe accommodations. But he still didn't give us a reduction in the price! Now for the positive: The bathroom was marble, shiny, and spotlessly clean, as was the room. The noise from the street on the front of the hotel is very loud, but the insulated windows block out virtually all noise. We slept with the windows closed and the AC on ( very quiet), and it was a good solution. The ninth-floor lounge is sensational--very large with many comfortable seating areas . Free tea and coffee. I treated this as my living room, and it was an excellent way to expand the modest space of our room. Finally, the location is terrific. Walking distance to many tourist destinations and very convenient to transportation--both metro and buses. For those who don't want to pay for the hotel breakfast, a Starbucks and Dunkin Donuts are across the street. And the Cortes Ingles department store across the way has a large and well-stocked grocery store on its lower level. Overall, this is a fine hotel, but I came away less than satisfied with the service and amenities.

Ambassador, Shambassaror We booked this hotel six months in advance for a wedding being held at a neighboring hotel. Our first room was on the first floor, was freezing cold, had bedside lamps that didn't work, a window 2'4' , whatever. So we asked for another room, pointing out that we'd reserved so far in advance. No luck. We were assigned another room, also on the first floor, steps from the lobby. Again, lamps that didn't work, no towel rack or hooks on the door in the bathroom, and on and on. This place is the pits. We moved out the next day and stayed at the wonderful Loews.

Fine We stayed here for 1 night prior to embarking on a Princess Cruise. Our room was very comfortable with a very comfortable bed and clean with an excellent shower in the bathroom. WE dined in the Restaurant (a la carte) and found the service to be a bit hit and miss. The food was very nice but pricey and I wouldn't recommend this if you want a fine dining experience because we had finished our meal within 50 minutes of sitting down.The reception staff were very pleasant and helpful.Breakfast was buffet style and there was a good choice.This is predominantly a conference hotel and not ideal for a family holiday. There is very little to do in the surrounding area as it's a commercial area and the hotel is situated very close to the airport -although you can't hear the planes from inside the hotel.

We enjoyed it here hotel pool

Loved The Langham!! We have just returned from a stay at The Langham Hotel, Boston, and would thoroughly recommend it. It's centrally located, many places easily walkable. Hotel is full of character, being previously the Federal Bank building. Lounge areas and bar were beautiful. Good bar menu too. Main restaurant, The Julien, rather French and fancy for our tastes, but obviously very upmarket. Piano player in the bar in the evenings added a nice ambiance. Breakfasts not unduly expensive and you could buy a la carte, so not having to pay full buffet price for just coffee and croissants. Our room was very pleasant and comfortable (had to change from the one first allotted because that was very small). Very comfy beds, nice smooth and soft cotton bedlinen, towels changed twice a day.Also room very quiet - not a noisy hotel - all guests respected other people, which was a refreshing change in today's world of hustle and bustle.Overall, a very good choice for a few days in Boston, and we would thoroughly recommend this hotel.

great location We stayed here for two nights a few weeks ago. The location is great, right on Union Square. A bit of noise from the trams going past, but the sound of the bells being rung is part of SF. The room was fine, really liked the goose-down pillows and soft duvets. try out the pillow menu, but a great idea as a pillow can make or break a good sleep. The bathroom was okay, a bit in need of freshening up though. Scratches on the bath etc. overall a good stay, but nothing spectacular as I was expecting when I saw that it was rated 3rd in SF. I comment on the service or food as we ate out all the time, but they were quite happy for us to check out at 6am due to a tour pick-up. Try the diner up the street. Real chrome and 50s kitsch. overall a nice hotel in a good location.

Great hotel not far from the Christmas market We came to Frankfurt for a weekend break and to visit the christmas markets. This hotel was only about 15 mins walk from the market and about 1 min walk to the nearest underground station. The location for us could not have been much better.The room was on the 4th floor and very nice. I like having a separate shower. You can get all the English channels on the TV which is good. The only thing it lacked, if I were to be picky, was an iron and ironing board, though I'm sure we could have got one if we'd asked.We didnt have breakfast here as it was expensive, and I am a fussy eater so rarely get my money's worth from a buffet..The only negative I could find with this place, is the Asian bar. It was quite smoky... I'll be so pleased if/when they ban smoking in bars there, I hate to smell of smoke.If I were to ever go back to Frankfurt, I would have no hesitation in staying here again, or recommending it.

This is how hotels should be. Every time I stay at an Affinia property I am more and more impressed. The rates were fantastic for midtown (granted early January is not the hot tourist season, but it was unseasonably warm - in the 60's and 70's) and the valet parking reasonable. The room was comfy and clean and the memory foam pillow I requested was in the room when I checked in.The room was spacious, the bed comfortable, the bathroom clean and well appointed and the walls soundproof.Without question, the strong point of all the Affinia Hotels I've stayed in is the service. The staff of the Affinia 50 is welcoming, personable and unobtrusive. This is how hotels should be.

Lovely Very comfortable, clean and quiet. The room was bigger than many in the city and nicely appointed. Staff very responsive, but unobtrusive. I travel into NYC several times a year and will certainly stay at The Benjamin again.

Really very nice I was very pleasantly surprised by the Hilton Times Square. I stayed at the Hilton becuase it was the best rate I could find at a decent hotel, but I expected an impersonal feel (big chain hotel in such a touristy spot) - I couldn't have been more wrong. My room was large, airy and comfortable and was on a higher floor with a stunning view of the Empire State Building and the Hudson. The staff was pleasant, helpful and personable. Housekeeping was great (it may have been because I left tips, but they kept leaving extra toiletries and chocolates).

even saw a wedding!! Great hotel. Very convenient for Ginza and also for subway network. Our room on 11th floor overlooked the train tracks but did not disturb us. General air of quiet refinement about hotel. Staff speak excellent english and are extremely attentive. Only took one breakfast in the lobby lounge. Good service and excellent food although a little pricey. There is an excellent coffee shop (Tully's) across the road from the rear exit which is very reasonable and good selection for breakfast. Airport limousine service (which is actually a bus) from hotel. Like everything else in Japan runs exactly on time and is slightly cheaper than Narita Express although marginally longer journey time. Japanese wedding taking place on Saturday in lobby lounge area. Lovely to see!

Fantastic Sydney Hotel A 'better' view than official photos

Very Nice, a Bit Overpriced We stayed at the Kahala back when it was Oriental Mandarin property in March of 2006.The hotel is very lovely and in a great location. It's close enough that you can take a cab or even bike (they provide bikes) to Waikiki but you are also far away from all the noise and tourists that tend to be in Waikiki.The hotel offers complementary shuttle service to certain areas downtown and to the local malls, if you are interested in those. They do charge a rather high fee each day to keep a car parked on the grounds. What we did was rent a car from the hotel agents just for a day to avoid having to keep one in the lot and pay fees each day. I believe it was 22.00 a day otherwise.When you arrive you are greeted with leis and given a tour of the property. Room check in is very strict so you can't actually get in early. However, they will give you keys to their little Chi center. This is where you can change for the pools or ocean, relax in the sauna and use their showers or excercise equipment. You can watch the dolphins do their show for free or pay a fee to swim with them yourselves. The hotel offers snorkle gear and surf lessons.But beware, if you are even a little late returning it you get socked with a hefty fine. The rooms are very lovely and spacious. We had a corner room which gave us views of the ocean and the mountains. The restaurants on property was very good. Every day we started with the breakfast buffett at the Plumeria Beach House. We also had their lunch buffett and menu items a few times. Casual and right near the beach. You can also order sandwiches and drinks by the pool. As long as you are checked in you can charge your food to your room. At night we would hang out at the Veranda and have drinks outside enjoying the breeze. We also had dinner at Hoku's one night, everything was very good. The staff is very attentive. The only downside to staying here were the prices. There are a few stores inside, but the prices are ridiculous. You're better off taking the shuttle to Waikiki if you want souveniers or suntan lotion. Little things like if you keep the snorkle masks out longer than 30 minutes cost us nearly 25.00 in late charges. We also found the parking fees to be ridiculous. Another thing, that is no fault of the hotel, is that many of the other guests are rather snobby. They are rude and patronizing to both the staff and other guests.

Terrific Hotel Spent the weekend in the city with some friends and got a great rate on the Reaissance. Somehow the dates were mixed up, and when I called to confirm they let me know and apologized getting me the same rate for the days I needed. The staff couldn't be friendlier or more helpful. The rooms are very nice and pretty spacious and clean. Great views. Prime location. The restaurant has a spectacular view of Times Square. The health club was great too (and totally empty). Highly recommend. I would definitely stay here again. I had other friends who stayed at the Edison and they hated it and everyone was rude.

Great Hotel Stayed here on business in the beginning of August 2005 and had a fabulous time. Friendly staff and a great location. Nice sized room and comfy bed. Would definitely recommend.

Won't stay here again When we arrived at the hotel around 1:30PM, we were told there was no early check-in and we'd have to wait until 3:00PM for check-in. Ok, that's reasonable, so we went to lunch. Arriving back at the hotel, we were told they didn't have a queen, which we reserved, but only 2 doubles. I really wanted a queen, so we were told we'd have to wait even longer. Around 4:00PM we were finally shown to our room. The air conditioning was not working at all in this room and it was unbearablly hot. When we complained, they said they had no other rooms available. After much arguing, they finally let us stay in the model they had available. It was on the street level and right on the street. There were no curtains in this room, only blinds which were broken in places. This meant people on the street could see right into the room, not a very secure feeling to say the least! We had to keep the bathroom door closed as the odor coming from the bathroom was intolerable. Overall, this was one of the worst experiences I've ever had in a hotel. It was not a clean hotel, shabby and moldly smelling in the rooms and halls and the staff was not at all pleasant.

Nice Hotel We stayed at the Holiday Inn Port of Miami one night before our cruise. The hotel is very clean and the staff were friendly and helpful. There is free internet access.. The beds were quite comfy. The smallish pool area was also clean and a pleasant place to sit and enjoy drinks. Drinks were not available until 5:00 PM. Breakfast was available in the hotel restaurant, the buffet was $10.95 per person. There is also a McDonald's a block away in back of the hotel. The only complaint I had was that the coffee at the hotel was terrible! We were 3 women going on a cruise so we got a room with 2 double beds and an extra cot. The cot was $10.00. Our room was very large and easily accommodated the cot. The best thing about this hotel is the location. It is right across the street from Bayside Marketplace. A nice spot along the bay with many restaurants and shops. There was live music playing on the Sunday night we were there. It was a nice way to spend an evening before our cruise. I would recommend this hotel to family and friends and would stay here again.

FABULOUS and FUN family resort!! My parents treated our whole family of 14 to celebrate their 55th wedding anniversary at DREAMS from August 10-17, 2008. Ages ranged from 77 yrs. to 11 years old. We flew direct from and everything went off like a hitch. We were greeted at the airport with an air conditioned bus that took all 14 of us and our luggage to the resort. Yes, the roads were bumpy but we quite enjoyed the trip there and seeing the TRUE Dominican life. It was an the kids. Once there we were given champagne and mimosa. (I drank both!) No cool face clothes which I really needed at that point as I attempted to check all 14 of us in. We had 7 rooms and had emailed Eileen (manager) ahead of time with some room requests as we wanted to make sure the children were safe and adjoined with their parents. Unfortunately that didn't happen and they were placed in rooms next to their parents. It all worked out but we did wonder why we couldn't have been accommodated when the adjoining rooms were unoccupied. Oh well! Michel, at check-in, was truly giving us his best service and trying hard to please. We were housed is 5122, 5120, 5112, 4124, 2203, 2204 and 2226. The rooms were clean, decent size for two people in each room, the air worked well, and the fridge was fully stocked with water, juice, pop, and beer. We had maid service 1-2 times a day based on our schedule and cute animal art on our bed on several occasions. No one in our party had any complaints about the rooms.I was disappointed at the lack of face clothes. We receive them for the first 3 days and then we ended up with 6 at some point later in the week. Go figure!The pool is AMAZING!! It is the gem of this resort. We all loved it as only 3ft. deep throughout. There is a swimup bar at the beach end and another pool bar (on land) way down. The chairs are plentiful and there are palapa huts throughout too. There are a few cabanas beds which hold many people at once. My family loved chillen under the cabana together when a sun drink break was needed. Guests did not really reserve beds. We saw security remove items if they were placed on beds unattended before 8am.I was disappointed by the poor quality of the poolside chair cushions. The cushions on the poolside chairs are in MAJOR need of replacement. It appeared to be black mold or something and on them. I covered the chair well with towels.The ice berg was fantastic fun for kids to play on. Rafts were available too. We brought several with us and only ended up using 2. Many mornings the rafts would clog up in the pool by building 2. We called it the we were able to get a raft first thing in the morning.The beach was BEAUTIFUL!! The water is turquoise blue and the sand is soft and tan. We were there right before Tropical Fay rolled through so the water appeared to be a little rougher than I remembered. We all brought water shoes and made sure we swam to the left. It was absolutely gorgeous. We brought our boogie board rafts out to the ocean and rode the waves in. We also brought our own masks and snorkels. It was FUN!! There are rocks as many people have posted. Just be aware of them.The chairs and palapa huts were plentiful on the beach. The beach service was GREAT!! We brought our Bubba Kegs and they kept ice water COLD for hours. They were a BONUS for the beer and mixed drinkers too. Never had a problem keeping them full.The restaurants were incredible. have to be CRAZY to not find something to eat. It when people say the food was HORRIBLE. What planet are they coming from??? We did bring our spices but rarely found it necessary to use them. We enjoy eating bland food but obviously that was NOT the case.The World a HUGE variety from breakfast, lunch and dinner. At breakfast you can get made to order eggs and omelets. The smoothies are die only ate lunch twice in the World The pizza is wonderful. They also had a make your own pasta bar where you pick the noodle, sauce, etc. It was delicious. The El Patio was a with a certain food being served. (ie~ Dominican night with Dominican far, Asian, etc..) the food was VERY good with A LOT of variety.The Seaside Grill was closed for renovation part way through the week to have the thatch roof repaired in this open-air restaurant. We ate there the first night and had great steaks, veggies and desserts. Drinks were plentiful too.The Oceana was very convenient for lunch. We spent A LOT of time on the beach so you just had to throw a cover-up on and head to this open-air beauty. The sandwiches were pretty good. One day we ordered a version of a club sandwich as stated in the menu but got a ham and cheese sandwich served to us. Not sure why. They also had a fresh fruit and dessert bar.The outdoor beach grill offered fresh fruit, fresh salsa, chips and cheese. There was a grill with hotdogs and hamburgers and ALL the fixins to go with them. The pop machine was nice too.The Bordeaux was truly the hidden diamond in the rough. It is located above the Seaside Grill and Oceana BUT it is enclosed and air-conditioned. The view is stunning as there are windows wrapped around it and you can see the gorgeous blue water. The food was very tasty. We loved the seafood shell appetizer and the beef tenderloin and steaks. The best part was the bar located right next to it. Often we were the only people frequenting it. The views are SPECTACULAR!!! The bartender, Aquino, was so efficient and friendly. My dad asked him one evening, you like your Aquino replied, you like your ALL laughed as he had made THE BEST bloody sisters EVER!!The Himitsu was a very fun Asian grill restaurant. The chef was very entertaining and allowed my daughter to partake in the cooking. She had a ball!! The food was VERY delicious. We were STUFFED by the end of the meal that we had to skip dessert. The view was beautiful too.We must have missed the Da Mario. I imagine how but we did. It is an Italian fare.The bars offered plentiful liquor and top-shelf when you asked for it. The drinks could be as strong or as weak as you wanted them. After a while the bartenders often knew what and how you liked your drinks. It was INCREDIBLE!! miss the hidden gem by the Bordeaux.The entertainment team worked EXTREMELY hard everyday to prepare the very entertaining programs. Many people participated had a lot of fun. On Friday when Tropical storm FAY rolled through they had a variety of activities and food to keep everyone entertained.No one in our party had kids that used the Club. It looked AWESOME and the kids we did see were having the time of their lives being entertained by the staff there.The Core Zone was a hit for both the teens and a few adults in our party. They offered a mechanical bull, pin-pong, pool, internet (fee,) a snack/drink bar, batting cage and a few other things. There was a lot to keep the teens busy.The Casino is VERY SMALL and fairly smoky. My mother won several times and came home with more money than she brought. (BONUS for mom!!) There were approximately 30 slots and 6 tables.The grounds were IMMACULATE and the wildlife roamed the resort. (Peacocks, babies and the flamingos.)The vendors attempted to get pushy but we FIRMLY set them straight and it worked. Be firm and consistent and you have a problem. only when people continued to converse with the vendors that they became frustrated because the vendors let up.A few minor renovations to this resort would truly make it EXCELLENT! We felt an above average rating was in order.Last but not The staff worked VERY HARD to serve the guests of the resort. It truly showed.I am sure there is so much more to comment on but I feel as though I have covered the things. DO NOT believe the negative reviews. Those negative reviewers must be hard to please. funny how many negative reviewers post only ONE time. Hmm? Makes me wonder. Enjoy your stay at DREAMS if lucky enough to vacation there. HAPPY TRAVELS!!!!!Jan :)

Stunning hotel! I don't have tons to say about this hotel, as we were there for only 12 hours or so... but we loved everything we saw.the hotel is very beautiful and chic. decor is top notch. and the staff are exceedingly helpful and friendly.the room we stayed in was a large corner suite with a view of the city and partial view of the water. the bed was one of the nicest i've ever slept in, complete with a pillow menu.really nice spa quality shampoo, conditioner, lotion and face wash in the bathrooms.the only issues we encountered was our room being a bit delayed for check in. we were sent to the hotel bar with a $25 gift certificate to kill the time. very nice gesture, however the bar is VERY expensive, so that only bought two drinks. the next day when we checked out, they comp'd our valet parking as well for our inconvenience. that was great since valet was $32 a day (yikes)we would for sure stay here again, but it's not for people watching their pennies. it's a splurge, but worth it for a nice night away.

Another Fantastic Few Nights at the Disneyland Hotel Last Day - soooo sad

Great Hotel The hotel's location is fabolous, you're right in the middle of all the action on Kalakaua Avenue. You can literally walk out of the hotel and across the street to beach completely unencumbered; (no shoes or towel, leave your room key at the front desk) just go out wearing your suit. Our room was ocean view and we had a great view right across the street from the beach. The room was clean and a decent size although the bathroom was a little small. The staff was friendly and helpful especially the chamber maids.You have to go see the Oceanarium on second floor, its what they're famous for and it is truly wonderful. One downside is the teeny tiny pool. I personally didn't mind because I was there for the beaches, but be warned it's vey small. All in all I would definately recommend this hotel.

Good stay at The Belvedere Stayed at The Belvedere between 11 17 October. The room was clean, comfortable larger than we expected. The bathrooms were small though had some inconveniences which I have reported to the hotel. We had breakfast in the hotel on several days found it good. Plenty of places to eat to suit all tastes, in all price ranges, in the area. The real strength of this hotel is the staff who were unfailingly cheerful, helpful, polite welcoming. Any problems we had were dealt with without delay ie our TV did not work because someone (not us) had removed the batteries from the remote. We had no problem with the lifts. As other people have mentioned, don't miss the Top of the Rock

Loved The Estherea Stayed for three nights from 20th October to 23 October found it more than lived up to our expectations. We had a very comfortable, quiet room with large bathroom. The hotel was warm comfortable with exceptionally charming, helpful efficient staff. The breakfast was delicious the complementary coffee, chocolate or tea very much appreciated. The hotel is on a lovely stretch of a quiet canal within easy walking distance of almost everything. There is a selection of restaurants to suit every taste pocket just around the corner in Spuistraat . The only negative thing I would say about the hotel is that the grouting tiling in our bathroom needed some maintainanceThe only negative experience we had in Amsterdam was that we were very overcharged for our taxi from the station. We asked the hotel to get us a taxi back to the station. This was less than half the price we paid to get there

Missin' the Grand Pool

Jury is still out regarding this hotel... We stayed here June29/30, 2007. At first we were offered a room on the 12th floor, but asked for a higher one. This was then 'bettered' by a room on the 14th floor. I asked the lady if it had a good view of the city and she said it should. Needless to say, we were looking straight at the side of the other hotel beside it... although it did have some impressive gargoyles on it's structure..lolDouble bed room was quite small compared to others we've stayed in. The carpet (I couldn't help but notice) was quite worn and the a/c was loud. Luckily it was at the w/e, so there wasn't much traffic noise to deal with but you could still hear it (I used my earplugs this weekend). For $89, it was nothing to complain about and we aren't the type of travellers who spend the whole time in the room.Although we were in the downtown area (note: majority of stores, cafes, etc. within a short distance are closed), walking to the other tourist areas was easy, eg, 6th Floor Museum, JFK Memorial, Deep Ellum, Uptown (with its vast array of restaurants/cafes).Next time, we'll try a different location/hotel. Not too impressed with this Magnolia.

Best little hotel on the block We were needing a place to stay for 6 nights in San Francisco and our travel agent picked this one. I can honestly say it was the best choice he could have made!This place is modern, clean and the staff are ace. Our room was furnished in a simple but modern and stylish way. It was more than adequate for our needs. The staff gave us useful tips on getting the most out of our stay, including the best tips for getting around the city and what to see that shouldn't be missed. When we stayed there the manager threw a weekly meet and greet with wine and nibbles for his guests where he mingled with everyone and sought their opinions on the hotel. This was a nice touch and a good way to get direct feedback.Great little hotel for a city break. Try it - you may like it!!!

Great place, great people, great weather, great holiday Went there on a whim, and it was absolutely perfect. I laugh at the people who complain about American chips costing too much in a store of a place that has a cournucopia of food and drink in every direction, all the time; or people who are too whimpy to carry their own luggage to the bus, and almost missing the bus for lack of a bellboy. It's a different country, and you're in it. Our experience was awesome. The front desk staff were not only very helpful but also very efficient. I saw a few snively people try and mess with their heads, at which occasions they reacted with nothing but tact and professionalism. We were checked in immediately upon arrival (even though it was 9am), we didn't have to use a bellman because we can carry our luggage, so there was no delay there.The food was great. The buffet had a theme every night, we had everything from Mediteranean, to Japanese, to Mexican, to German... need I go on? Lunch had a vast variety of food for every taste, a good experiment to have is pay attention to various body types various food choices. It's quite telling. Oh where are those chips now?The staff were awesome. They work hours that would make us spoiled North Americans cry after a week, and still maintain an inspiring disposition. As far as the time share dudes, they appreciate you being honest with them, and telling them you really aren't interested. They all respected that. The Fun Club are heroes. I saw them taking care of people's kids, getting the sloths on the beach moving, and entertaining till all hours of the night. All with a genuine smile (if a little tired sometimes). They are rock stars.The Guest Services desk was so helpful the one time we had a dillema, and the gentleman went way out of his way to help out which he did (help that is), while having angry vultures hoovering over him.My only disappointment of the whole trip was witnessing how some of the tourists treated the staff. I was embarassed for them. And the staff and locals were truly beautiful people.

Cant complain at all! Basically nothing wrong with this hotel. Its clean, pretty spacious, reasonably priced, good location for Union Square, close to cable car (one block) for other areas. Having read the reviews on here about the bad location I was mildly concerned and then on arrival at the hotel we were given a map and told not to go to the streets behind the hotel so this did raise alarm bells but to be honest you are only a block away from the thick of tourist hustle of Union Square and about a 1 minute walk down the street from the Hilton and the Nikko which is really quite upmarket. We did venture down to the Civic Centre which meant walking through the Tenderloin area which was ok, there are a few oddballs around but there are also a lot of city workers there too. Generally, i felt pretty safe all the time. The breakfast is ok, it is just muffins, bagels, coffee and tea and to be honest there's no one serving so the drinks do run out but you can get someones attention if need be. The staff are ok, not overly polite but to be honest we didn't really require their services during our stay. We were in a room facing the street and it was a bit noisy over Friday and Saturday night but nothing out of the ordinary in a city.I would stay here again if working to the same budget.

Perfect for a little bit of everything View out to see from hotel beach - lovely to walk out when tide is out

Nice Hotel, Convenient to Airport, More coffee please We were treating our mother to a cruise and decided to stay here pre-cruise as it was convenient to the airport. A little expensive for my taste, but this was vacation and for the hotel class and convenience not badly priced - $220 for 3 people. Very, very comfortable beds and pillows, excellent linens. Clean modern room though a bit small. Safe and secure premises. Free airport shuttle, even at midnight. Friendly efficient staff.Did not like: paying for internet, too little coffee in the room, no continental breakfast.

Great hotel, great people

Quiet Boutique Hotel We stayed in the annex of this hotel which has a separate but secure entrance. The hotel itself is older, as are most in NO; but, it was obviously totally refurbished and has all new furnishings. It is was known as a boutique hotel. Its about 5 blocks to Bourbon St and another 2 more to Decatur. The weather was great, so the walk was okay. They have no restaurant or breakfast facilities. Most restaurants are about 2 blocks away.

Last Mintue Booking I stayed here for 3 nites in August 07, was a last minute decision to go a short break. Stayed in the Ambassador Hotel in Barcelona, on a side street off The Ramblas. Hotel is situtated in a great location, the streets have so much to see with markets and entertainers lining them, u wont feel the 5min walk to the harbour. Temperatures were in high 20's but walking along the median of the ramblas which is lined with trees kept us cool.The hotel was lovely n clean and hotel staff were friendly. Room were large with large bed and mini fridge. Bathroom was also clean and large and lots of things provided, shampoo, showergel, toothpaste, even a sewing kit and shoe polishing kit!Will definetely be returning here again!!

Perfect for our stay This property was beautifully and efficiently decorated. The staff were very helpful, efficient, welcoming and professional. My husband and sixteen year old son and I shared a room with double bed and fold out couch. It was spacious enough to meet our needs, and beds were comfortable. It is perfectly located for quick access to Tegel airport and the free shuttle is a bonus. The property is close to quick bus access and the staff was very helpful in helping us to use both bus as well as hotel shuttle to meet our sightseeing needs. The breakfast was not included in our rate, which is not too surprising given the excellent rate for such a nice hotel. We did enjoy the lavish breakfast buffet once, but it's a bit much in price and quantity unless you are counting on sustenance to last the day. Would definitely return.

Great location, nice rooms! The rooms: We stayed in Singapore for 2 nights. The hotel was quite nice. We had a look at many other hotels in the area to find what else there was, but rooms were quite pleasant here. Nicely furnished and great ambience. Conatined everything necessary!The hotel: The hotel itself is very open inside. It is hollow, exposing each floor from the very top to the bottom level. It has very spacious floors. When you leave your room and look over the balcony, you can see the lobby bar. The external view we had from our room was quite dissapointing as it was obstructed by a concrete beam. The location: The hotel is very convenienty located to many shopping malls which are all in walking distance, there are many other surrounding hotels. Service: Service is very good, staff are extremely friendly and are always willing to help.Breakfast: Huge variety for breakfast, both continental and hot which includes the usual western cuisine as well as eastern.

Adored the princess I just returned From Punta Cana last night, it was the most amazing trip I have ever been on. The staff at the princess is incredible and so friendly. The food at the buffet was great, every night had a different theme. I pesonally was dissapointed with the food of the restaurants a la carte but the buffet made up for it. The bars were all really awesome (bartenders always singing and happy), the 24 hour beach bar was very convenient too! Apart from that the Beach was beautiful and very clean. I met some incredible people and i am definetly returning and would recommend this place to everyone needing some time to relax.

Loved the hotel I have stayed in this hotel in 2006, and that was one of the best hotels I stayed friendly staff and what I just forget is the fruit that they had at the know if they still give free fruits but we all just liked the idea. I had a single room that was really big with a great bathroom.We were there for a business stay and we also had meetings in the hotel conference equipment and again friendly staff.Great choice for a break in

Central, bright,clean For a 3* superior hotel Mont Blanc was well above average. We did not swim or have a meal in the evening there but if the Breakfast was anything to go by then I feel the evening meal would be excellant too. Very clean well comfy beds with our room looking down directly onto a busy street (we were on the 6th floor) but as the room is double glazed not a sound was heard.Lift or stairs took you to where you wanted to be. Attentive helpful staff an excellent position to the main square of Placa Catalunya The Rambla.(wow what a place)We could fully recommend Barcelona as a vibrant alive place,colourful not to be missed. We mostly tried to eat where the locals did found that the city has more to offer than just paella. Very easy to get to via the airport bus on arrival we found many helpful locals whenever we stopped to check our map! The biggest asset for us were very comfortable walking shoes. We would happily stay in Mont Blanc again

Will stay here at The Casablanca again! My daughter and I had a great few days staying at The Casablanca. The hotel is small but personal and the staff couldn't have been more helpful or courteous. I would certainly stay here again particularly as the location is so close to Times Square and therefore very central.

Really Disappointed I use Trip Advisor for ALL my hotel stays and recommend it to friends. In this case it was well off the mark and I am surprised because in all other cases it has been spot on.I can't believe this is in the Leading Hotels of the World book alongside other Australian hotels such as Versace - no comparison and the Versace is cheaper!The hotel is at best 3-4 Star. Staff seem scarce, no-one to help with bags on arrival and a little bit snobby when they do finally appear - except for the porter an older gentleman - nice guy (who admitted they gave us a smaller not as nice room previously when bringing new keys). Someone mentioned the location as not being as good as the Four Seasons, I agree but does anyone mention how rough the area around the Observatory is?To say we felt intimidated is mild when walking just next door and down the street to see piles of rubbish, people hanging out of windows shouting abuse at each other, urine stench, the rubbish consisting of a computer screen, beer crates, general household effects at the base of the trees lining the road. This isn't happening up the 'other end' of the road this is opposite (view from our room) and next door to the hotel and all down the road.Knowing the area is so poor more could be done re: security - the balcony door on our room was loose and gaping and easily accessible from outside.Rooms are tired, the furniture is in poor condition, decor and drapes need an overhaul too. Public areas are scruffy and dirty in places. Given free strawberries covered in sugar very pretty the flies like them too! Also given free champagne in each room.What also bugs me is the way a lot of hotels and in particular this one, give you a 'dud' room first and expect you to be happy and you have to approach them again to get what you paid for.Given this was the most expensive time of year (for New Year's) we were obviously paying a lot to stay and it wasn't worth the money. When we did complain the attitude was very poor and inflexible and immediately they referred to it as a 'legal' issue and therefore they would not refund us a penny. It is on their booking form it is non-refundable but what can you do when you and your children don't feel safe somewhere? Why would anyone pay to feel unsafe when all they have to do is provide somewhere clean, comfortable and safe?We left and very luckily - given it was the day before New Year's eve got a cancellation at the lovely Shangri-la - a much better hotel and should be much higher in the ratings in my opinion.For information we did go back again two days later to take some more photos to make sure it wasn't just an 'off' day - it wasn't!! Drunks again shouting outside the hotel and across the road by the tennis courts and even more rubbish. This was in the daytime and whilst you could use the New Year's jubilations (extended!) as an excuse I doubt it was the reason. Ver dodgy area.

great hotel Have just spent two nights at this great hotel. Flew Ryanair from East Mids airport to Girona airport, easy to pick up taxi outside airport. Took us an hour to Hotel, 120euros, ok because there were three of us. We had room 711 at Hotel, triple room, very clean, plenty of room. Good location, 5mins walk to Las Ramblas. Turn right out of Hotel and across road to pick up orange open topped bus for tour of city, good value, 19 euros for the day. Hailed a taxi, turn left out of Hotel, went to Port Olimpic on the Sat night, 10euros, plenty of restaurants, a great area. Called at Arts Hotel for a drink, very posh, see how the other half live!. No hesitation in recommending Hotel Jazz and Barcelona, we had a great time.Kay, Angie and Angie.

Yes problems happen....but it is how the hotel managed them...shame.... room...just as advertized....very pretty

Nice location, decent hotel I used booking.com for this hotel. It had great reviews on TripAdvisor so I decided to go along with it, the price was good. The location is excellent. This is the main consideration for my visit to Amsterdam. It is right down the street from the main museums and right next to a major tram line. The stay went pretty smoothly, but when we checked in, there were 3 of us and we had asked for a double room and were taken to a room with a single bed. Then, the room was not clean - there were drinks, unmade bed, etc. from someone else's stay. We were immediately placed in another room with the double beds we asked for. The room was really clean and it was a nice looking set up. The bathroom was pretty and spacious. There is no shower curtain, only a small clear partition. For the price, it was an excellent hotel. The woman at the front desk was really nice. They say breakfast is included, but the breakfast is not much, really, but bread, fruit, coffee and juice. But the front desk person is really attentive and helpful. It felt very safe and the neighborhood is very cute. The TV in the room is tiny but hopefully in Amsterdam that won't matter at all! The room could have been a bit larger, so keep that in mind if you are traveling with more than 1 person there. Overall a great value, I would stay there again.

Nice hotel The hotel had a great special for the Christmas season. The front desk staff let us check in early which was nice. The beds were so soft and it was helpful to have the computer in the room to check attractions and look up locations. There really wasn't much of a view from the room, but the location was nice, in a small neighborhood. The metro stop is about a 10 minute walk in the quiet area and the front desk staff is helpful about giving directions and answering questions. The bathroom wasn't that great, it was sort of small but still it was nice. The rooms are a great size and you have plenty of space in the room. You could walk to the hotel from the center of town, about a nice 20 or 30 minute walk. The room service was well priced and prompt. If you get back to the hotel and are tired or just spend the evening in, they have a nice choice of DVDs which my friends and I enjoyed when things slowed down there during the holiday. The pillows on the bed were super soft. I have heard horror stories about London hotels being too small or cramped, but this one wasn't and the price was not outrageous, either. A great stay! I would go back, definitely.

Great! This was a great hotel. I used booking.com, they had really good rates. The price was very reasonable. The front desk staff were extremely helpful and patient about every question and request. They give you free lemonade, beer, and water in the minibar which is cool. The room was beautiful and the view was excellent. The shower was great, there were 6 different water spouts. The only problem is the water comes out on the floor, but this was a minor problem. The glass wall for the bathroom was an interesting, pretty touch. The room was very nice, it was great to wake up and go to sleep to that view of the city. You can take the metro to the hotel very easily, and you can take the tram to many different places. Just be careful, the area seems very safe and far apart from the main mix of things, but I had my purse stolen not too far from the hotel. There is a great mall right next door for shopping and also to grab food and snacks at the last minute. I loved this hotel; it's great for family or friends, and especially a romantic trip. I would stay here again definitely. They also give free robes and slippers, which they continually refresh! Also, they clean the room whenever you leave, even if it's in the afternoon (most rooms are only cleaned in the morning!).

Great base for looking around San Francisco Like many of the reviewers we found ourselves in the Beach Road property - does anyone actually get to stay in the main building and if so who are you?The walk from the main building wasn't too bad, although we had just been traveling for about 12 hours and had loads of luggage. The smell from Denny's in the lobby is not great, but you kind of get used to it (not enough to go and eat there). Our room was on the third floor at the end of the corridor facing onto the street, though this rarely caused a problem during our stay.The room was reasonably spacious and importantly clean. The shower was good and the bed comfortable. The internet access was wireless and free and that was important for us. We were just minutes away from the whole fisherman's wharf area and had good access to transport systems if we wanted it. The hotel was just what we needed as a base for looking around San Francisco.

Great Hotel Just returned from our second trip to the Barcelona Princess and had a great time. Our room was on the 14th floor, overlooking the city from where we could see a number of the major sights of Barcelona. We loved the large bed, the mini bar, excellent shower / wet room and the bath robes. Although the hotel is out of the city, the hop on hop off bus stops just outside. Also the Metro is just around the corner, and taxis are in good supply. We ate breakfast at a cafe over the road, as in the hotel it would have cost us 16 euros, this was despite an internet offer for complimentary breakfast which wasn't available to us because I didn't book direct with the hotel. We also enjoyed drinks in the corner bar, particularly the Cava which was just great. I would highly recommend this hotel, but book direct!

Loved the Swissotel Stayed at the Swissotel for 3 nights in April. Excellent location at Dam square right in the centre of things. Excellent rooms and satff, would recommend this hotel.

Great Designer Hotel This is a great designer hotel. Having read some of the previous reviews I was a bit worried about noise etc but it was not a problem. This was a special treat so I booked a duplex room, which has a bedroom upstairs with shower room and wc and a living room downstairs with bath, shower, wc. Off the bedroom there was outside steps leading up to a sectioned off roof terrace with a long narrow pool. So, two wardrobes, 2 showers, 4 bathrobes, endless fluffy towels plus two pool towels and 2 minibars and LCD Tvs!On our first night we came back from a restaurant to find that we had been given a complimentary bottle of Cava. Even the glasses (by Schott) were designer. A nice touch.PlusesAs mentioned by other reviewers, the staff at the Grenados are really nice and genuinely interested in people having a good time. They were very helpful answering my questions and recommending hotels. They were professional, unobstrusive and a real asset.The Housekeeping was outstanding. Our room was checked 3x a day and any used towels replaced. They were also very generious with the toileteries.The bedroom had a comfortable bed and the blackout blinds were really effective. It was very quiet. The lighting and lit antiquities in the corners all added to the atmosphere. We had the fried eggs on the pillow bit too which was a bit strange........ The rather funky music and music system took a bit of getting used too, imagine trance and club chill music and this should give you some idea! By the 3rd night I was looking forward to some of the tracks however!The pool terrace bar upstairs and the atmosphere both at 7:30 in the evening and when we came back after going to a restaurant, was chilled. Other guests seemed to meet up there too and the cocktails, particularly the mojitos were lovely if very strong! We were there until 1am on two nights (the official closing time is 2am).The semi-private pool was nice but is really a strip of water that runs along the terrace and you can't really swim in it. It was also cold but we are used to this! Having our own sunloungers, table and umbrella on the terrace was a plus.We had breakfast at the hotel once on the day we checked out and it was good.We ate in the restaurant the first night and the food was modern Mediterranean My husband had a tuna tartare with wasabi sorbet which was exceptional. Again the lighting and design of the restaurant and outside eating area all added to the experience.MinusesThe cocktails were on the pricey side as was the restaurant but the quality was good.The downstairs shower flooded the floor, the bath has a channel running around it which fills up with water when the shower is on and floods the floor. The view from the semi-private terrace was uninspiring, and, if you book the duplex rooms leading from the ground floor( we had 206) you are a bit overlooked from the balconies above. I understand that there are duplex rooms on the 5th/6th floor but you may get more noise from the bar there.Finally, the steps in the connecting rooms are all in orange marble and the floors are wood, with the low lighting it would have been easy to miss one. There is a railing going down from the bedroom to the hall area but not to the sitting room. Because of the above I give the hotel 4/5 but I would definitely stay here again.

Cute Inn My best friend and I stayed at Wind Chimes Inn during an impromptu vacation. We decided on Puerto Rico since we hadn't visited that island yet. (We travel through the caribbean quite a bit). We needed somewhere clean, near to the beach, with good staff and as inexpensive as possible. Wind Chimes was pretty good in all these areas. The room we stayed in was about the size of a standard bedroom, located upstairs w King Size bed and a bathroom. The water pressure wasn't that great, i guess because we were upstairs, and the hot water was intermittent. That wasn't a problem for us because this is a pretty standard situation in the caribbean unless you're in a big hotel. Bathroom was fairly clean, and our towels and linens were changed daily. Cable TV available in the room, and my friend picked up the internet on her laptop. The swimming pool is really just there to wade around and cool off in. Very small, but i liked it. There is a separate tanning area above the pool as well.The staff is awesome, we found ourselves hungry late one night and the chef/bartender Angel fixed my friend a tasty vegetarian pizza and i had a chicken quesadilla. AWESOME!!!The front desk staff is also really helpful with area information. The hotel is literally a block from the beach. The Condado beach is choppy and the sand isn't as nice as you would find in Negril, Jamaica but for Puerto Rico it was ok. Isla Verde beach is much nicer and not as many teeny boppers about. There were good restaurants to choose from. A five minute walk takes you to a Dominican Restaurant called Beso's. The french eatery La Patisserie was also excellent, the Quiche was amazing. Although my friend insists that the lunch meats there gave her a virus. (I recommend eating cooked meats in foreign countries...newho). 10 -15 minute walk takes you to a wide array of other eating areas, including Uno's Pizza, Starbucks, and other selections.We followed the suggestion to take the bus to Old San Juan and that worked out well for us, since we didn't feel like spending the extra money for a cab.Be prepared to be disappointed with the Bacardi tour, personally had I known what i do now, I would have skipped it. Basically you get 2 drink vouchers, then you take a trolley to the 'tour', Which is essentially videos and pictures, and then you get sent over to a drink expert who tells you how to make Mojito's, Cuba Libre and Daiquiri's. Then it;s over to the gift shop. That's it. No tour of the actual facility or taste testing or view of the estate.All in all, i would recommend Wind Chimes for singles, laidback, adventurous, flexible persons.

Great location and worth the splurge I'm not sure if it was because we'd just travelled for 15 hours, but the Royal Garden Hotel exceeded our expectations and was a lovely hotel to end a holiday in.Firstly, we arrived at 10am expecting to be told to come back at 2pm to check-in but we were given a room without any questions which, after an overnight flight in economy, is a god-send.The room was suprisingly large with a firm king-sized bed, big screen tv and the other usual amenities. The bathroom had a great shower-head, and was of a good size. Everything was spotless. We had a corner location without a view, but it was super quiet and the whole experience was one of comfort, ease and a little bit of luxury.Service from staff was prompt, friendly and polite. Came back from dinner to find our bed had been turned down and a plate of fresh fruit on the desk for us. The location is great - a nice walk to the ferry station, across the road from an MTR station and about 5 minutes stroll to Nathan Road. There is a 7-11 close by, and also a Starbucks and Deli-France.Whilst not cheap, the standard room that we booked at the Royal Garden still seemed to be good value for money and I would definately consider staying there again.

Style at Simpsons Simpson's is an elegant boutique' bed and breakfast hotel in Potts Point, walking distance of the Botanical Gardens, Kings Cross, Opera House etc. Decor is antiques in tastefully decorated rooms, with a sunny breakfast room and large lounge with magazines and books, free internet connection. Staff are particularly friendly and helpful, will find out train times, give advice etc. We had a really lovely stay and would recommend it unreservedly. Well worth paying for!

Absolutely Loved It!! We were in New Orleans for a Mortgage Brokers' Convention Wed-Fri the week before Katrina hit. After reading reviews on Trip Advisor and after finding a special internet rate, I decided to book the Prince Conti even though I was leary of the hotel because of such a great rate in such a good location. However, when we arrived in New Orleans, I was very impressed with the hotel and their staff. Everyone was extremely nice and helpful and the rooms were very nice and clean. The ONLY problem I had was that the room we got did not have a window and I am very claustrophobic. However, I was not ever bothered by it. The hotel was very quiet and it was 1/2 block from Bourbon Street, which was great. When you are on Bourbon Street drinking, it's great to be able to walk to your room anytime you want to use the restroom and take a break. :) I highly recommend this hotel and will stay there again when it reopens.

Beautiful hotel, great location Booked thru Hotwire, got a great rate for SFO. Hotel lobby decor is beautiful, great lighting. Check-in quick and easy. Room looked down at 3rd St, no view of the bay or bridges, but I'll sacrafice that for a great rate. Restaurant was pricey as hotels are. They ran out of empty refrig's to replace our pay-mini-bar, but allowed us to remove and replace items without a charge to store our leftovers drinks. Beds were comfy with lots of fluffy pillows. Valet staff was more friendly and helpful than concierge. Parking, valet only, was $42/day + $5.50 tax. May look into public parking across street next time. Very close to subway stations, large mall, trolley stops.

Can't beat it for the price I would defintely stay here again because for the price, it is wonderful. I upgraded to the suite because I had business meetings and really appreciated having a computer and printer at my disposal since I didn't have my laptop. The restautant is great for breakfast and dinner and prices are reasonable and food is wonderful, especailly interesting vegetarian and vegan options. Staff were immensely helpful and friendly. It is a bit of a walk to Union Square, but if it too long, taxis are so easy in San Francisco.

Beautiful! Close to MRT, Very happy with Swissotel. Beautiful and clean. Breakfast buffet was expensive, but good. Attached to Raffles shopping mall.convenient to MRT. Within walking distance to Boat Quay where there are lots of choices for dinner along the river.

Wonderful New York Trip! Spent 2 nights, 3 days at Marriott Marquis in New York and had a wonderful trip! We were there from March 25-27 for a girlfriend's birthday. I read over 50 reviews of this hotel and it seemed over half gave a terrible rating about the elevators. We had no problems, but I could see where it might be a lot slower with prime times. We plan to stay there again on our next annual NY trip. We even had 4 women in one room and didn't feel too cramped! The beds were extremely comfortable. The fitness room was excellent and we also enjoyed dinner in The View restaurant. The breakfast bar was excellent as well.Concierge was very helpful. We arrived in the hotel around 9:00am on Sat.morning and we were given early check-in immediately!(I did call request it, but it was not guaranteed) The location just can't be beat.Walking distance to theaters, restaurants, shopping, tours,etc. Very convenient. All the staff seemed extra friendly and helpful! Great Hotel!

Room/Casino not much We have just had a very relaxing short trip, 4 nights, 5 days, at Breezes Superclub Hotel Casino in Punta Cana(Feb.9-13) When we arrived, after an hour ride from the airport, stopping at 3-4 hotels along the way to drop off other vacationers, check-in went very smoothly. (I would recommend getting a taxi unless your transfers are paid in advance.)The pool was fabulous, large and winding with a swim-up bar and lots of lounge chairs to pick your favorite lounging area. Food was available anytime, but I would rate it average. We tried all but the Japanese. Our room smelled very musty, probably from the leaks in the bathroom above our commode, sink and shower/tub. We reported the leaks, but they were never attended to. Every evening when I wanted to use the hair dryer, I never knew if it was going to work or not. They did send someone after the first complaint, but I still had wet hair for dinner. After that, I found the fuse box on our wall and sometimes resetting it, would help, sometimes not. It was a beautiful view of the pool and ocean, though. We love to gamble at the casinos when available, but were disappointed in the Breeze's casino. I played roulette and the spinner/dealer, was so fast, I couldn't get my chips down half the time. There were 2 roulette tables, but usually only one was operating when we were there, and there were 2 black jack tables, and not very many slots to pick from. I think there may have been one carribbean stud table as well. Just not very busy, and the staff didn't seem too friendly or accomodating. I would definitely recommend Punta Cana for the beautiful beach and ocean, but I would try the newer hotels next time.

Loved the Casablana Great hotel. Great staff! They were kind, friendly and helpful.My only concern was that the hotel rooms didn't have peep holes. If I was staying alone I would have been concerned.In each room there was free wireless internet and a high speed cable available (if your laptop didn't wasn't wi-fi ready). There was also a computer and printer in the breakfast/wine cheese room on the 2nd floor available for use. No extra charge for any of this.Beds were super comfy.Bathrooms small, not much storage space, but shower water pressure was terrific and shower nozzle was up high so even a tall person doesn't need to bend over to wash their hair.Wine, cheese, champagne, crackers, popcorn, fruit available in the afternoon from 5 - 8! This was awesome and gave us a boost until our evening meal after the theater.We were given bottled water in our room each day, this was included in price!!! So often, you pay extra for this. Rooms have a good sized safe, mini bar and DVD player.Our stay was fabulous and I wouldn't hesitate to stay there again.

Watch Out to Paradise! Awesome!!!! Hello:My family (5 of us) spent 7 nights at this wonderful resort. This has been the best vacation of my life, and to be honest I am a little dificult to impress. Everything was wonderful, there are so many pretty places and corners where to relax and to have fun that really make this place paradise.Food: Very good in general, In order of liking: Market Grill, Bana, Passion, Agave and Vento. Buffet is delicious for breakfast and it has everything you can think of to have for breakfast and then some.Facility: Gorgeous resort. Rooms are spacius, the finishing of the bathroom etc. is not as detailed as we are used to here in the US, and you will notice that as soon as you arrive. It is really a shame because this resort has so much luxury everywhere that I think they should have been more carefull inside the rooms, but again... I am picky with that stuff. Overall... great rooms, believe me.Activities: A different one every night, you won't be bored. I made some friends there, I am really happy with our trip.Service: GREAT! They will do whatever it takes to make you happy. A tip always helps, this is a very poor country and some of them have to stay at the hotel and don't see their families for days, others arrive at 5 in the morning, so these are very hard working people and a little tip goes a long ways.Beach and Pool: One of the best pools in the Caribbean (per Tripadvisor) and the Beach is much more nicer than I thought. Some seaweed but is not the kind that bothers you. Trust me, I was born in the Caribbean and I know about beaches :-).Premium Drinks are included. So.. feel free to ask for Heineken or whatever, if they don't have them at the pool bar, ask for them, they are supposed to offer them so... push for it if not find at first. This happened to my father who is a Heineken drinker, it turned out to be that there was a lack of the premium beverages in some of the bars, not sure if they are trying to save a little on cost during the slow season (now).Check out, chek in was quick, room was ready.No one got sick, always drink bottle water there is plenty of it everywhere.I strongly recommend this hotel, the difference in price compared to the rest of the hotels in the area is WORTH IT!!!!. Great people that should be mentioned:Pool Bar: Damian, Lenin, Venecia, FranciscoBuffet: Gregorio Vidal (great guy, I got emotional when he gave each of us a little local craft gift). Julio, Pablo, Jose, Margarito, Carlos.Ciel Bar: LuisBana: ObispoMarket grill: RicardoI am sure I am missing a lot of names here because most of them are just great.Dislike: The presure from the Vacation Club members, and I stated this in my ckeckout - interview. And I didn't care for the Disco bartender either, kind of arrogant guy, I believe his name is: Alberto or Adalberto Castillo.All in all.. great stay, wonderful resort, magical people, fantastic!!!! You won't regret making this your choice.Please contact me with any questions you may have via this website.

Fantastic First time visitors to Barcelona, we stayed at the Villa Emilia for 3 nights. We found the hotel to be extremely comfortable, clean, friendly and good value for money. We received a welcome drink, plus complementary breakfast ( excellent) which included champagne, and cakes and coffee from 5-7 p.m, plus tickets to the Dali exhibition. It is in an excellent location minutes from the metro. I would not hesitate in recommending this hotel and would love to go back in the summer. The only thing that spoiled our stay was the theft of our video camera from the Hard Rock Cafe. We were warned beforehand that Barcelona is notorious for thefts but were still caught out. Fortunately we were lucky enough to get it back , thanks to the staff at the Hard Rock, but be do be aware of pickpockets and thieves.

Fantastic Resort My husband and I travelled to the Occidental Grand Flamenco in Punta Cana for 2 weeks in the middle of May 2006. After reading some of the reviews on this site we felt slightly anxious that we had made the wrong decision but we had not!The hotel was beautiful, immaculate and friendly. All the staff worked really hard to make sure that the grounds, pools, restaurants and beach were immaculate.The rooms were average but comfortabe and cleaned daily. The fridge was always stocked with water, Pepsi and 7-Up and the maids did an excellent job.The buffet restaurant was lovely with a huge selection of fish, meat, paste, pizza, salads and desserts.....the choice was huge and there was something for everyone at breakfast, lunch and dinner. The other restaurants were also great, the only one we didn't care for was the Mexican but our favourites were the Italian and the Oriental.The pools were enormous and very clean. There were plenty of sun loungers available and we didn't have to put our towels down early at all during our stay.The beach was amazing with white sand and turquoise water. There were plenty of sun loungers again and we didn't struggle to get a shady spot at all.We did a couple of trips out of the hotel, the helicopter trip i would recommend!The weather was perfect, sunny all day every day without a drop of rain or cloud. I would recommend sun tan lotion of factor 25 or more as the sun is extremely strong. Make sure you take plenty with you too as the shops out there charge about per small bottle!We stayed in block 11 which was close to everything although all blocks were well situated so it didn't really matter.The spa is worth a visit, we had massages which were very relaxing and all the staff there are fully trained.We tipped well, not because it was expected but because the staff deserved it and it was a pleasure. I don't think you would receive any less service if you chose not to tip but they all work so hard and are so well presented that we felt they deserved it.We had a wonderful 2 weeks at the Grand Flamenco and would recommend it in a flash!

Great Hotel view from the window

A must!!! The room

not impressed i stayed in the expo over christmas we arrived christmas eve lunchtime room was basic very clean though .the restaurant had a fire earlier in the month and was unavailable except for breakfast which was continental style it was ok bit pricey though fresh fruit was really tinned.the piano bar was comfy nobody played the piano the whole time we stayed.staff were ok except a 2 italians who were really helpfull in finding us places to eat and advised on safety issues. no tea or coffee facilities were available had to go to the bar and take tea up on a tray.the bathroom was very clean and the water was hot.good location next to main train station but because of this i found it very noisy i could here police sirens all nite every nite

Wonderful Hotel! We stayed at the hotel for 4 nights in late May 2006 and loved it! The room was spacious and the bed was actually comfortable. We didn't eat at the hotel but was referred to a lovely restaurant within walking distance called Il Profeta that makes a wonderful tiramisu. Would definitely recommend to others and stay at in the future.

Wonderful!!! Just returned from Gran Bahia and had a wonderful time! My husband and I traveled with two friends and our only complaint was that it is impossible to find newspapers. We checked the lobby store each day and there was never a paper in English our entire trip. Our rooms were on what was called the Premier side which we understood meant no children. Thus, it was an extremely quiet, restful area. Buffet food was usually good. The Japanese Restaurant is the best while the French and Seafood weren't impressive. This did not, however, change our feelings about the resort. We would definately go back.

Excellent small hotel in London Chesterfield Lobby Christmas 2007

Would return To be honest didn't spend much time in the hotel, but the rooms were very clean, the breakfast was nice, and the hotel is an easy walk (but a bit of a long one) in to the centre.

Excellent Great place, we went for a three night stay.. hotel very clean staff very pleasant ...food great.. comfortable room with a huge terrace great views.... .nice to sit and relax..the hotel is also just out of the way of the hustle and bustle of Les Ramblas,we didnt see any trouble and felt quite safe wandering around late at night. Only draw back most of the shops were closed on Sunday and Monday .so next time we go it will be mid-week.

Flawless stayed at this hotel for 2 nights on transit to australia. This place is amazing, thats all i can say. We managed to get sea facing deluxe room for 35 pounds a night including breakfast. Room was immaculate, my only gripe was that it was a bit damp at night. The Balinese staff we're the most genuinely friendly people I have ever come across, front the receptionist to the cleaner, always say hi, smiling, 7* service.Breakfast contained a huge variety of food, even chicken nuggets on one morning!!The beach, pool and gardens were spotless, the sea wasnt great for swimming but that was no bother as the pool was great. I recommend the water aerobics in the morning!!In the evenings we chose the themed buffets, first night tex-mex and the 2nd was mongolian, and the best thing about this one was you could have your own mie goreng made infront of your eyes with your choice of meat, veg and spices!Didn't get round to venturing outside so i can't comment on the rest of the resort. Same goes for the spa, didn't get round to checking it out.I do recommend getting a massage in the hut near the pool, was around 5pound for 1hrs full body massage.I could write an essay on this hotel and its high standards, warm welcome and great service, but i would be here all day! Would go back no hesitation. Loved it!

Liked the Holiday Inn Before i start my review i like to tell people my expectations! I like a clean, cheap hotel that is near all the sites in a city. i believe you get what you pay for!! In the hollywood holiday inn this is certainly true. The hotel has a great location for exploring hollywood. It is on a busy road less than 5 minutes walk to hollywood boulevard. we felt very safe at all times of the day walking to and from it. Our room was very clean and spacious and a nice size. We never ate in the hotel but the menu seemed good. The pool is average sized and the gym is tiny but we were too busy sightseeing to use these. We didnt have a car and managed just fine with the buses and metro that are located on hollywood boulevard. The hotel also run a free shuttle to universal studios which is very handy. We found all the staff to be very helpful.Overall we enjoyed our stay here, it was perfect for what we wanted, a cheap cheerful clean place to lay our heads!!

Great Hotel, great staff! entrance of the hotel

Good Location I stayed in deluxe room at 12th floor in Excelsior tower for 2 days. The room was cosy and clean due to this room was renovated room.Location was great. Most convenient location. Shopping centre is located acoss the street and thre are so many restaurants around the hotel.Also very close to City Hall MRT station (around 2 mins walk) and close to Bugis Street as well.Concierge was courteous and friendly.If you are staying in this hotel, ask for renovated room.You'll not regret your stay when you stay in renovated room.I'll recommend this hotel to someone who is staying for short time due to room size is small .

Great Pre-cruise location We spent 2 days pre-cruise at the Marriott and loved the location and service. We were walking distance to shopping and restaurants and beaches.A nightly hula show on the beach was directly across the street at 7:30. The show was free and excellent. We could stroll down the street and select a place to have cocktails on the beach. The beach access was easy to get to and lounges could be rented, and we watched a surfing competition during our stay.The two pools at the resort were never crowded, and the one closest to the beach had food service and drinks out in the open. A good variety on the menu made the meals even dinner worthy if looking for a lighter fare, or appetizers if looking for an afternoon snack.Great stay!!!!

Great place to stay! standard room

Great location breakfast room

Great Vacation I selected this hotel based on the reviews I read. It's location is great! Right in the middle of the action. This is great when your traveling with two teenagers. However if your looking for tranquility and no noise then select another Island not another hotel. Most of them are right on the strip, at least the nicer ones. The International Market is right across the street along with Macy's a whole bunch of designer stores and a lot of other stores. Lots of Restaurant too! You don't need a car but we did rent one. We used it almost everydate. Parking is expensive $18/day. The hotel staff is very friendly and always willing to help. My only negative comment would be the noise you can hear outside of your room. They need doors that are soundproof. Other reviews had indicated noise heard from the walls but that's not what I experienced. Couldn't hear anyone from the adjoining rooms. Only heard noise from the hallway. Room was fine. We were four in total and were fine with just one room. The room had two double beds and a pullout sofa. Our City view room had a partial view of the ocean. I wouldn't pay for ocean view. If that's what you want just go to the deck or the beach. Note: if you can get a room from the 14th floor and above it's the way to go. Floors 14 and above have a separate elevator. You won't have to deal with the issues other reviewers have mentioned (waiting a long time for an elevatior). For security purposes the elevators do not stop on the lower level after 10 pm. Security roams the floors too. I would definitely stay there again.

BUGS! Pretty decent location. Nice area. Breakfast was neat, as was the one guy cooking it. Receptionist decent, but mediocre. Possible prostitution check-ins might have taken place in lobby...not cool! But my biggest problem of all...was...the...BUGS!!!!!!!!!!!!!! You think they are part of the floor, but look closely, they are flat disgusting bugs!!!!! You kill them, and they reappear somehow! We ended up using our nasty towels provided by the hotel as a way to block bugs from crawling under the front door. Also, we had no view. The main window was near the ceiling. The air conditioning worked fine, but stunk. Overall, I did not look forward to coming back to the hotel at night. Although, you pretty much get what you pay for according to the rates in Singapore. I don't think I will be going back again, it's not worth it. I rather splurge and stay comfortably.

ok The Ifa Villas is made up of 3 hotels, all in one 'complex' using the same facilities. what it doesnt tell you in the brochures is that it is in the middle of a private residential area, so when you enter the main gates dont be suprised to see lots of houses all multi coloured. Check-in was slow as the people at reception hardly spoke english. When we did get our key, we were taken to our room which was 4133 near to the beach. It was a lovely room with a king size bed and nice view. we were lucky as others had a view of some buliding work going on- not major, just building a wall round the complex. we had not 1 bug or lizard in our room, nor any problems with the air con. The only thing was that the patio door did not lock, which is a bit worrying as you could climb from the main staircase onto our balcony. We were a 2 minute walk from the beach, which was absolutly fantastic. The waters were warm and fish swam right up the shore all multi-coloured and different shapes. Brilliant for snorkelling. The walk to the beach is not bad as some people make out. Yes you walk down a path, but its nice and you can find all the cocunuts on the floor. The food- Well the buffet was suprisingly really good. There were different things nearly every night, and the was a pasta dish chef, kebab/mussels/burgers chef. On a morning there was on omlet chef and a girl that made fresh milkshakes, like pineapple and melon. The waiters were VERY slow, if you asked them for a drink, you would not get it unless you kept on asking. There was a young man who was very quick so we gave him a tip and he looked after us from then on.The mexican restaurnat was fantastic. NOT spicy unless you choose spicy things.The japonise was nice- the teriaki chicken was gorgeous.The caribbean was the best. The steak was to die for. The room was air-conditioned and really nice. Well worth waiting for as you have to book theses restauants in advance and they do book up quick. There was not a lot of entertainment unless you like everything in foreign.no-one spoke good english, and so on a night we were drawn to the ping pong table in the old gym. But someone smashed the ball, and when we kept on asking for a new one, we kept getting the reply- on vancation!Not many english there at all, we were a bit shocked and dissapointed at first. Not a lot to do for kids, other than swim in the pools and use the internet.We did 2 trips, quad biking and catalina island. Quad BIking was good. They took us to a gorgeous beach with green and blue waters, but the Catalina Island was absolutly fantastic and definetly worth visiting. You book it on the beach were you get the banana boat etc, and its 85 dollars pp. leave at 7, 2hr bus journey to the boat, then 20mins to the island. They let you snorkell in the sea off the island, and it was fantastic, the reefs were amazing. Then you go onto the isalnd and can sunbathe, snorkell again, or shop at the shops.they provide a buffet luch and you are on the island for about 3hrs. The island is a protected nature reserve and so no-one lives on the island.Overall we are glad we went to the ifa villas but we were very bored by the end of the 2 weeks. we would go back to the dominican but not this hotel.

One of my fav I stayed in hotel for about 4 days and I absolutely love it. the hotel is very clean, it's neat and i got free breakfast and they gave a free 15 minutes message. it's lovely....i love the pool, even thought it's not big but the pool is very nice, very clean and the decoration of hotel just awesome. i highly recommended the hotel. the location is actually very close to kuta beach, and the local shopping district, it is a little bit isolated but it's worthy. at that time i buy a voucher from travel agent it's cheaper, it cant be refund tho, if you really sure you want to stay in the hotel, i suggest you buy a voucher instead. i only paid US$45 a night.they offer breakfast and internet. the internet i found quite expensive, it was 12.000 Rupiahs which is about US$1.25 for 30 minutes and I'm Indonesian and i found it quite expensive for 30 minutes. Usually 1 hours for 8.000 rupiahs (US$0.80). the food from the hotel is great. i order a caramel mango for dessert and OMG you need to try that. they have a good pasta too. I pretty much just stay in the hotel and eat the hotel food. i went to Bali more than 3 times and i think it's great place to stay......

A great find ! view from the bed

Stay Somewhere Else I usually don't expect much from Airport Hotels - but I expect more than this.None of the business center computers worked the entire time of my stay - I even called ahead to ensure they had them so I could check work email without lugging my work laptop with me.I kept putting my Do Not Disturb sign on the door, and EVERY morning the cleaning staff would knock on the door to see if I wanted service????Nothing to eat after 10 pm - so if you have a late flight like I did, bring your own dinner. Don't bother looking in the book in the room...it is VERY outdated.Ordered room service - it was the wrong order and no silverware was on the tray.Breakfast staff was rude and it took over 20 minutes to order.They gave me written directions to return a rental car to the airport - the directions were wrong.What were the postitives? The check-in process was good, the front desk staff was friendly and thankfully I only had to stay 3 nights for a business trip.

Outstanding hotel We loved the location the staff was great. They went out of their way to be friendly helpful. Delightful breakfast wine cheese hour. My husband was thrilled to have the internet available. We look forward to staying there next time we are in New York.

Totally recommend this hotel!!! When i booked this hotel i was quite worried as i had read some not so good reviews!! but i arrived home from the rialto lastnite and i have to say that i had no complaints what so ever!!When we arrived the staff were very friendly and helpful and it only took us a few minutes to check in. The hotel room was a good size as there was three of us staying in the same room, but there was plenty of space!The only thing i will say is that when we walked past other rooms some of them did look on the small size but we obviously got one of the biggest because there was 3 of us. I suppose its the luck of the draw what room you are given, we stayed in room 428!The room was cleaned every day and new bedding, towels etc without fail!I would 100% recommend this hotel, it has lots going for it! Fantastic location, clean and friendly and the breakfast in the morning keeps you going until tea time!Its sort of down a little high street so when you are walking down there be extra careful for pickpockets beacuse i got my bag pinched off my arm just down the road!! but that could happen anywhere in barcelona!!Overall i rate this 10 out of 10!!

A really top class resort Stayed here just one night for a quick spa break with a girlfriend. The sales representative on the phone convinced me with her attitude and friendliness that this would be a good place for me and my friend, who was going through a tough time emotionally.It offers a great luxury alternative to big chain spa hotels. It is in a beautiful, historic setting that creates a much more intimate ambience. I would go back with my husband for a romantic weekend, definitely.It was beautiful, relaxing, and the service was excellent. Our room was huge, and although it overlooked the parking lot, still had a nice view, and was extremely comfortable. The beds were great, the bathtub was the size of a swimming pool.The grounds are absolutely lovely, and worth strolling round. The staff are really wonderful. Everyone knew our names, and made sure they pronounced them properly.The restaurant was excellent, food, service, value for money (surprisingly reasonable, considering it is very highly rated).The spa is a little small for the size of the hotel. As it was very cold during our stay, we couldn't enjoy all the outdoor areas. If it had been warmer we would have probably spent longer there. The indoor relaxation areas are very small, and only two showers, which seems a little odd.Only quibble with the room: poor lighting in the bathroom makes it hard for us middle-aged women to put on make-up!

great location, great rooms picture of the bed

Perfect! Returned back from RIU Bambu on Tuesday from a weeks holiday, and I wish I was still there! The place was perfect for what we wanted and for the amount we paid it was a bargain and a half.We booked our holiday with Thomsons and I can say that they were 'OK'. There were no problems and they did nothing exceptional.The hotel is lovely and well deserves it 4+t rating from Thomsons. If you are expecting the Hilton then you'll be disappointed, but if you've stayed in a Thomsons 3t hotel before then this will feel like luxury.The pool area isn't that big and perhaps a little noisy at times but the beach is only a few footsteps away and it's nice and peaceful there, with the warm sea. If you want things to do during the day, there are plenty from dance lessons on the beach to darts. We were occasionally asked to join in, but we weren't pested, which was nice.The bar behind the pool is lovely and quiet in the evening (where they do the best margaritas!) and if you didn't know better you may think the bar was closed. Or there is the main area where the entertainment is on, if you want something more lively.The food in the main hall was OK, we always found something we liked. We ate in the al la Carte restaurants 3 of the evenings. The food at the steak house is lovely, but for a more romantic setting the caribbean grill is the place to go (we liked it so much we went there twice!)We were so impressed, that for our next holiday we will be going to a RIU hotel again, and maybe in a few years we will return to the Bambu.If you are planning to stay at the RIU Bambu then I have one piece of advice for you: Stop reading all the reviews and just go and enjoy yourself, I hope you have a fantastic time!! I read some bad reviews and worried a little... when there really was nothing to worry about.

fantastic hotel!! cant wait to come back My husband and I stayed here on the first leg of our honeymoon and absolutely loved it. The hotel is small but so personal and the staff are so friendly helpful without being in your face!! We were given an upgrade on our room plus a bottle of champagne as a token because of being on our honeymoon. room was fabulous, clean comfortable although quite small but it is New York and we were not spending much time in the room. Complimentary breakfast, food and wine was much appreciated and very nice! Free Internet in the lounge was great and always working, yes maybe you have to wait a few minutes but hey not much to quibble about really!! Location could not be any better, literally in Times Square. Fabulous restaurants nearby and always felt very safe. Cannot wait to come back to New York and we will definitly be staying in the Casablanca again. big thank you to John, the manager who gave us great advice on all the sights, restaurants and nightlife! he made us feel so welcome and is a credit to the hotel!

Great Location Rm 419-small but clean

Great ambiance!! The Hotel Monna Lisa is a great hotel in a great location. The staff is friendly and helpful. The breakfast had a wide variety of food with American coffee plus!! The bedroom that we stayed in was opulent, although the beds were firm. Excellent place to stay, and we would definately come back, as everything is in walking distance.

Overpriced aging hotel in a great location I booked this hotel on priceline. The hotel made a mistake when they entered their information so we got the rooms for 20% of the usual price. It took some time and a lot of arguing but the hotel did ultimately agree to honor the price, since it was their mistake.Good things first- the location is perfect. It is within walking distance of everything you want to see, of course depending on how much you are willing to walk. It's a block from La Ramblas and really close to the train station. The exterior and the lobby look very pretty and luxurious. The suite was really spacious and there were two flatscreen tvs. There was a separate living room and a hallway leading up to the bedroom/living room/bathroom. On to the bad. The furniture and the decorations looked like they might have been nice once but were now shabby and worn. The rug and bedding were threadbare and could definitely use an upgrade. The worst part for me was that it was dirty. There were hairs in the sink and bathtub from previous occupants and the bathroom floor wasn't clean. My feet were dirty after walking around on the rug barefoot (forgot my slippers). Lastly, the hotel staff is not very friendly and pretty much only answer yes or no if you ask a question. The price for internet service, as mentioned by other reviewers, is outrageous!I have stayed at lower rated hotels that have been a lot nicer (and cleaner). A four star hotel should, at the very least, be clean. Also, I would have traded in the 2 flat screen tvs for newer bedding. Considering the price I paid for this hotel, I feel a little guilty for complaining. If I had paid the list price, I would have been furious! I would not stay at this hotel again, even for the price I paid. On a random note, there was a strike going on outside the hotel while we were there. I don't know Spanish but I am pretty sure it was a workers' union strike. This wasn't until right before we left though, so it wouldn't have affected the hotel service. It made it hard to get in and out of the hotel.

Absolutely Beautiful Hotel! Entrance to Hotel.

Good Location I stayed here while attending a conference at the attached convention center. Great location obviously to the conv. center, as well as, the attached mall. Located really in the heart of the city so, easy to get anywhere. I thought that the public space was very nice and I used the free internet in the lobby (like a laptop lane). I thought the rooms looked a little dated.

Good Hotel for the Price My friend and I stayed here last week for 3 nights. The hotel looks a little different in person than on their new website, however it was still an OK property. Rooms are on the smaller side, however clean and bathroom was nice size. Walls are pretty thin, as the last night we were there, we had people check in next door and could here everything they were saying and could even listen to the music on their radio pretty clearly.Location was fine. Little grocery mart and restaurants in walking distance.Breakast was a little slim but, adequate none the less.

An Oasis We chose this hotel for its postion which is in the centre of the Gothic Quarter. It is just a few yards up a side street from the bustling square but our room, which overlooked the courtyard, was very quiet. There was some music from the courtyard on two nights but this stopped promptly before midnight. We didn't hear any city noise at all.The room was well equipped and well designed and the bathroom was spacious. The staff were very helpful indeed and the breakfast was excellent. I would recommend this hotel highly; even though we are older travellers, we were able to walk comfortably to many of the places we wanted to visit and felt very safe going out to dinner late and returning even later!!We really enjoyed our four day visit and would consider returning to Barcelona and to this hotel.

ideal location Great 3 star hotel in excellant location, close to underground and bus station. helpful staff. Clean and tidy

This Hotel is Perfect This wonderful hotel was an answer to our prayers. We had been staying in a fourth floor walk-up apartment in Florence with our two grandchildren, and our granddaughter who has juvenile diabetes, went into insulin shock early one morning. We had no phone, no one to contact, and we speak very little Italian. We did get an ambulance summoned, she was taken to hospital, and was stabilized. I knew we would not go back to the isolation of the apartment, so my husband and grandson went knocking on doors to find a hotel nearby. They found the Hotel Colomba which was close to the hospital and we spent one night there before continuing on to Venice. The hotel was perfect. Very clean, large rooms, many ammenities not usually found in European hotels. Rosanna and her husband were very understanding of our situation and made us feel very secure and assured us we could call on them if another emergency arose. ( It didn't and our granddaughter had fully recovered by the next morning). The breakfast was the best we had in Italy, as was the cappacino. The location is perfect too--close to everything. If we ever return to Florence, we will certainly stay there, and we have recommended it to several friends and will continue to do so. It is a excellent family hotel.

Good Value and Location The Pelham is a boutique hotel with lots of charm. It's a unique experience and makes you feel closer to the New Orleans culture.Harrah's casino can be seen from the front door, Canal is one street over with shops and restaurants. Location is good, parking is up to you. I actually parked on the street at night for free at a meter. There is a lot across the street for $10 a day or you could pay the valet $28 for in and out privledged parking at the hotel. Bourbon and French Quarter are also close. It felt safe, lots of tourists in the business district. Good value hotel, I think I paid $65 off of expedia.com. All I can say is do your research and see if its for you. I would recommend the hotel as it was quiet at night and the beds were comfortable. The room has high ceilings and French decor. It was a nice change from the big franchaised hotels.

Great Location Just returned from a 4 night stay in Paris in the Hotel d'Albe. Whatever downsides this hotel may have, it's location is second to none. You really couldn't ask for a better location and their sound proofed windows really do work!I couldn't say i really have any complaints about the hotel as such. As always in Paris the rooms are compact! Though I have stayed in smaller. I am not sure about the extra price we paid to change from a double to a twin room, given the twin was 2 small single beds pushed together anyway - and there wasn't room to separate them even if you wanted to. Otherwise, the hotel was great and not somewhere you didn't want to go back to at night. I would definitely stay here again and would recommend it. Though just remember the pictures do make all hotels look better than they are.

Loved It Very clean, very comfortable room with microwave, fridge and DVD player. Waikiki trolley stops right out front. Walk through beautiful Hilton grounds to get to beach. Excellent customer service. Best value for the price. Will be our #1 choice next time we visit Waikiki.

A fantastic place Outback Safari

Huge room, plush bed, excellent stay My husband and I booked the Renaissance for the last night of our honeymoon, as our flight from Jamaica came in too late to book a connecting flight back to Seattle. For $99, our expectations were definitely exceeded, and we would recommend this hotel to anyone!We arrived after 11 p.m., exhausted, and were pleasantly surprised to find out we'd been upgraded to a suite. The suite was huge and shaped like a rectangle. The separate sitting area, desk and old school TV were on one end, but that area was the farther from the window so rather dark. The restroom was in the middle of the suite, along with an empty fridge (no minibar but the sign said they could stock it for you) and a big mirror, good for getting ready while the husband was in the shower the next day. The king size bed was luxurious, and we appreciated the huge flat screen TV in that area of the room. We had a view of the airport and Burger King from our 6th floor room. One odd thing, the room had one bathrobe and one bottle of water, as if it was set up for one traveller even though we'd noted there were two of us on the reservation...but no big deal.The only slight drawback was speed of service in the lounge. We went down at 11:20 p.m. for a quick bite as we hadn't eaten since 4 p.m., and it took our food (an average club sandwich) 45 minutes to come. There were maybe eight people in the lounge so I'm not sure what the problem was, but the server apologized.Overall, for the incredible value we would definitely stay here again if we have to fly in/out of LAX. One nice perk, we are Marriott Silver Elite members and they recognized us with a coupon for a free latte in the morning. This was definitely one of the nicer Marriott brand hotels we've stayed in.

2nd Time In a Row Because It's the Best!! the beach

OUR BEST HOTEL EXPERIENCE YET We visited Florence as part of our first anniversary trip, and I chose this hotel after much searching and bargaining. We got a great deal on our standard room, and while excited about the location and cost, I was a little nervous.Well, Roberto greeted us at arrival and we were swiftly checked in to the room. He showed us around (safe, light switches, view, etc) and left us to settle in. What a great surprise! We had a nice open view with lots of light - and the top of the San Lorenzo dome just a rooftop away! The room was well decorated even though somewhat small (but quite reasonable by Italy standards in big cities and plenty for four nights) and spotlessly clean. The bathroom was also nice, with a small but not tiny shower also brand new. The water temps were a little finicky but not a big deal, especially considering Florence's ancient plumbing. The room was free of street noise, but since we were near the breakfast room it could get a little loud but we were already up and we're also heavy sleepers. Area rugs could help solve this I'm sure. If you're a light sleeper, just request a rear 2nd floor room or just to be on the third floor.Both Roberto and Margherita were extremely helpful. Margherita booked our Uffizzi reservations (a MUST if you don't want to wait in line for possibly hours), helped us find directions the right bus to visit an old family friend, and also helped immensely (international calls from our room were VERY reasonable, and worth the additional cost over a phone card since the calls were short) when our bank stopped our credit card thinking it was stolen. The breakfast was TERRIFIC by any standard: 3 juices, bottled water, fresh coffee, milk, toast, pastries, meats, cheese, fruit, yogurt, cereals, hard boiled eggs ....... just a wonderful spread well presented in the pleasant breakfast room.We spent most of our time outside the hotel, but our time there was memorable, warm, and a delight. We will definitely return again, and perhaps splurge on a deluxe room for a longer stay.Just a note, if you are picky about your bed, ours was quite firm but that was good for us so it's a matter of preference. The shower is a bit small so if you're very tall or larger (to be fair) it might make showering a challenge. I don't see any reason you couldn't request a shower-tub room. Also, the independently controlled central heat/air is REALLY nice. I forgot to take photos of the room but here's the view (it was rainy on our trip, but great anyway)

A very comfortable and enjoyable stay My friend and I stayed at the Brunelleschi Hotel for six nights in a large, twin-bedded room, with an equally large, well appointed bathroom. This hotel was selected because of its location and price - close to the Duomo and not badly priced (about $300 per night for two). We weren't looking for a budget room as we wanted a lot of comfort and elegance on this blow the budget trip. We found the front desk staff to be very accomodating, especially the concierge who arranged many dinner reservations and outings for us. Breakfasts were fine, once we discovered we could order a cappuchino instead of the watery coffee served at the table. The bar was very welcoming, both bartenders made a very good martini, and we met so many interesting travelers there. The rooftop terrace afforded a fantastic view (and I mean fantastic) of the Duomo - what a great spot to bring up a bottle of wine and toast our trip and Firenze!

A Wonderful Hotel There were three of us (women) traveling together, and since I chose the hotel, I was somewhat worried that there would not be enough room for our stuff, even though I was assured there was adequate sleeping accommodations. I need not have worried...we stayed in a junior suite on the top floor, and it was spacious - with enough room for us and everything we had brought with us! The bathroom is huge - a double sink and counter, a separate stall shower, plus a jacuzzi tub. There were skylights over the shower and toilet area, and it was awesome to be able to look out at the Paris rooftops while taking a shower! The jacuzzi was extremely welcome after spending the entire day walking all over Paris. The hotel is warm and lovely, with the most helpful desk staff ever. They made tour reservations, dinner reservations, helped us with mail, and any little request we had. The service level was extremely personal, due to the size of the hotel - and totally unexpected in a big city like Paris. Language was no problem, as everyone spoke perfect English. I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone, and really hope to be able to visit with them again!

Mixed feelings A group of us (14 total) just came back from Punta Cana 1/29/05 - 2/5/05. We booked with a Travel Agent for Apple Vacations. The hotel is very Romantic (should be noted couples only) in our group we had a couple singles and they had a good time but.....I enjoyed the food/drinks but yes a few had some dates with the toilet most of the week.Some of us had been to the Bavaro last January and LOVED it so that is why we came back. That hotel mentioned the guys to wear slacks, but when we got there - others were in shorts. So this year's hotel we checked several locations (Internet, web sites, etc.) so some of our guys didn't pack slacks but very nice Docker shorts. Well our first night there we were turned away from the restaurants. After speaking with the Manager the hotel did accomodate us very well. So yes, they want you HAPPY. So no compaints about the Hotel.Now the charter company Allegiant Air (who we traveled with last year) our return flights are the worst. Last year the flight crew (only way to say it) STUNK. This years at least they were up front with us. Both times the pilot hat to beg for more fuel. They only wanted to give us enough to fly to Florida or the states. Last year in the middle of the day (very hot) we sat in the plane with the doors open but still melting and a few almost passed out, for a hour or two. Yesterday we were suppose to leave Punta Cana at 515pm they had Technical problems so was delayed for 2 hours, then was told 3 more hours. Luckily Apple kept us at our hotel this whole time. So instead of leaving at 515pm we left at 1130pm - which put us in St. Louis at 145am. You have to check-out of your room at noon. So we had some very unhappy campers to say the least. Again I want to mentions Apple Vacations and Secrets were very accomodating. Our group will never fly Allegient Air again. This flight crew did bend over backwards to help us feel better but burned once ok the second time--- no more.Sorry so long winded just had to vent.I had a wonderful time but glad to be back home. Thanks for listening

Just Fine Just got back from a short trip to San Juan. I read many reviews of hotels in the area and decided on Comfort Inn based on those reviews. I was not disappointed. The taxi ride from the airport was a little hairy, but we survived. Polite staff at the counter greeted us. Our room was clean and the price was right. Nothing special, but nice enough. We paid $127 for one night. A short walk to a small plaza and beach area. Safe and very clean area to walk around. Police are seen all over. Restaurants within walking distance. We took the bus (B21) to Old San Juan, the bus stop is just a few blocks away.Our cruise did not leave until later the next day and check out in noon, but Brenda locked our luggage (and several other travelor's luggage) up in a small room off the front desk so we could tour around Old San Juan without it.

Would definitely stay again We enjoyed our stay at this hotel very much. They were very professional and I think it's a very nice hotel. They were helpful and accomodating. We stayed in a double double room, which was larger than a standard 2 double bed room and it was very adequate in size. The room was clean. It also had a big closet to store our luggage but they didn't have much shelf space to put clothes. There was a dresser with 3 drawers and that was it. The bathroom was large, except there wasn't much space for toiletries, so we had to be creative. The shower was good; It didn't change water temperature while using it and the spray was strong. Thanks to suggestions of other reviewers, we requested a room that was not on the main street and was much quieter. However, you do have to give up any kind of view and some natural light. It was a tradeoff we were glad we made though. They were nice enough to clear out the mini bar so that we could use it as a refrigerator. The pillows and comforter were made of down. The TV was a Sony flat screen and there was a DVD player and CD clock radio. The lobby area was also very nice. The concierge was helpful. The hotel is very well located. I would definitely stay there again.

Very Satisfied We stayed for a week and I would defintitely stay at this hotel again. I thought that the staff was very helpful and the rooms are good sized and clean. We used the concierge quit a bit and they were very helpful. On the 12th floor there is always free coffee and tea available as well as 3 computers with internet access. However, I should mention that whenever I tried to use the computer they were all taken. I did not use the restaurant at all so I cannot comment on that. We requested a refrigerator, which they provided free of charge, and we chose to eat cereal in our room. There are safes inside the room which is nice to have. The one thing that bothered me about the room was that the bathroom door did not stay open. It always closed and that might be because it was very close to the door of the room so they have it purposely set to close. I found myself propping it open with the waste basket for the times where I didn't need the door closed. The location of the hotel is great. There is a big drugstore (Duane Reed) right next to the hotel and a CVS a block away. Also a block away was a McDonalds and a deli/store. The hotel is a about a mile from Times Square. Times Square are is so loud and crowded that I was glad to stay at a hotel away from that area. We sometimes walked there and back and other times we took the subway. THere is a subway station right next to the hotel and another one a couple blocks away. The area seems very safe and there are lots of people walking around at night. They have a Lincoln towncar that takes you to LaGuardia for $35 so that was nicer than taking a cab.

Lovely hotel Great Location Just returned from this hotel. A really lovely stay. Great location, Close to Vondelpark ideal for the Museums. We normally stay near Central station but this is a far better location. The staff were professional friendly. I would stay here again when i return to the Dam.

Princess Kaiulani PK 2 balcony view

Perfection in Venice We spent 2 perfect weeks at the Residence Corte Grimani in September. Our apartment was spacious, bright, and spotless, with wonderful views over the rooftops to the domes and the campanile of the Basilica San Marco. The neighborhood was convenient and pleasant, lively during the day, quiet at night. In all of Venice, there can be no better hosts than Donatella, Guido, and Franca, all of whom made us feel completely at home throughout our stay, as did Cristina in the breakfast room. Because it is usually best, as well as a courtesy, to reserve for dinner at Italian restaurants, the telephone with free local calls was helpful. Many reviews mention how great this hotel is for families, but we also recommend it to couples who would enjoy a quiet, comfortable, attractive home-away-from-home. We could live there.

nearly perfect santa ducky

Lovely hotel We had a wonderful stay in this hotel. We arrived off the Eurostar quite early and took a taxi to the hotel, hoping that we could drop off our luggage and then check in later. Even though we were early, the hotel found us a room which was lovely. In addition to the some of the traveller photos, we had a separate walk-in shower.The only downside of the hotel was the restaurant. We came back having walked all over Paris during the day, and just wanted an easy meal without having to set out again. The hotel's restaurant is Japanese style and seemed very stylised, rather than offering the sort of food we wanted. In the end we headed over to Carr's and had a meal there, which was nice, but quite expensive.The other recommendation that we'd make is to bring your fitness and swimming gear. We didn't - but checked out the pool and gym and they looked great. We would definitely bring our stuff with us the next time we visit.The best thing about the hotel is it's location - it's so central and yet very quiet. We loved it and would definitely stay here again.I would reiterate some of the comments about the prices charged by the hotel. We were waiting for a taxi to go back to Gare du Nord and ordered two coffees in the lobby - this came to about 25 euro, which I thought was excessive.There's so much to see and do in Paris that we didn't spend enough time in the hotel, but it's a great base to have for your stay.

Excellent hotel and location We stayed in the Covent Garden hotel for a long weekend over the May Bank Holiday, arriving on Friday and departing on Sunday. We booked a deluxe double for our stay and were in Room 6. Initially I was a bit disappointed with the room as it's on the ground floor and faces out onto Shaftesbury Avenue so you can see people on the buses going by! However, the quality of the room and the bathroom (plus the blinds, curtains and sound proofing in the room) is such that you soon forget exactly where you are as it's so quiet there!The check-in was very efficiency and the staff were very friendly and helpful. The location is fabulous as you're in the heart of Seven Dials and so it's no distance to go shopping in Covent Garden, or go down to Soho or to any of the theatres. Excellent location, but so bad for the wallet!We met some friends on the Saturday evening and it was no problem for them to meet us in the residents lounge for cocktails. The hotel was very accommodating in this regard.We had breakfast included in our room rate, and the breakfast is also great. Couple of niggles - it seems to take a long time for food to come out to you and so it's not too hot when it arrives. The buffet for the continental breakfast it great - there's lots of choice, but the honey pot that's out on display is full of honey so old that it's gone granular and it's impossible to get it out of the dish. But, small things in comparison to everything else.The shower in our room was to die for! I was drying my hair and I heard my partner getting into the shower. Then I heard the shower go off ... then two minutes later I heard it go back on again - yes, he'd got back in to the shower to have another go - it was that good!!We would definitely return to this hotel for another long weekend - just have to save up first!

venice's best kept secret What a gem! Wonderful hotel. Walter and Sandro were the perfect hosts and nothing was any trouble for them. They were most helpful with their suggestions of restaurants and directions on how to get about. Book early as I'm sure this hotel is going to be fully booked most of the time.

No Shuttle after 10:30 PM We searched for a hotel that would offer a late shuttle bus. After finding this one, having advertised 24 hr shuttle bus via their website, we chose this one so we could have everything lined up for our evening. Disappointed that they cut off service at 10:30PM, after arriving at the DAL Lovefield airport at 11:30, we ended up having to get a taxi. No complimentary breakfast as stated via the website.No complimentary newspaper, even though one was left in front of other doors, just not ours.Bathroom fan didn't work, leaving the room slimy after a nice refreshing shower.Rude staff working front desk, would not assist with making any shuttle arrangements for the next morning, was told we would have to get to the shuttle desk at 6AM to make any arrangements.

Great Deal Had a nice stay here. Staff was cordial. Modern decor in the East Tower was fine. Could see that mildew beginning to build up on the bath tiles will contribute to poor maintenance. Would like to recommend Cibo restuarant on 2nd and 41st for a quiet dinner; prix fixed-3 courses seasonal menu, many choices for $30. The new Amish market on 45th is like a mini Whole Foods.

Plush hotel at a bargain price Stayed for 5 nights and not one complaint about this nice modern hotel. Bedroom and particularly bathroom were spotless, and the room itself was spacious and quiet. Didn't eat any food at the hotel during our stay but the menu looked good! 2 minute walk from the underground station, and plenty of taxis right outside the hotel should you need one. The only thing that made this a 4 rather than 5 star review is the desk staff being not particularly friendly. They weren't rude or unhelpful, just a smile would be nice when welcoming guests to your hotel!

great hotel My partner and I have just returned from a week in Barcelona. This is the first time in Barcelona for both of us and we thoroughly enjoyed it. The hotel Regencia Colon was our choice for our stay and proved to be a good choice. The staff were friendly and helpful. The hotel was very clean with everything required for a comfortable stay. The bathroom was bright and fluffy towels provided every day. In seven nights our bed was changed four times. The restaurant for breakfast didnot inspire us so we ate out at a small cafe just across the square. The hotel is really well placed for all the tourist attractions, bars, restaurants, shops, and metro. There was building work going on at the corner of the street but we were on the fifth floor and all work stopped around 5.30pm so there was no problem. The hotel kept our luggage for us on the last day and arranged a taxi to the airport for us which pleased us. Barcelona is a beautiful city but watch your wallets and purses. We found eating out in the evenings expensive but we did use what we considered the nicer places. The bus and metro system are really good for getting around. Our stay was Easter 2005.

Service is what it's all about I chose to stay at the Casa Camper after much research and also a friend's recommendation. I stayed with my 18 year old daughter and we both loved the hotel, Barcelona and the total experience. Barcelona is hip, design is paramount and this is all exemplified in this hotel. But the factor that differentiates this hotel is the staff - they were the best I have come across in a hotel. We stayed for 3 nights on a world trip and we felt very comfortable here. The suite is utilitarian and refreshingly different to normal hotel rooms. The room is a little dark, although we were there in winter! Large bathrooms.We were very centrally located, and within walking distance to all we wanted to see and do - we did lots of walking and discovered lovely tapas bars, restaurants etc I required a package to be posted to Australia, and the front desk fixed up the whole thing (packaging and postage) very painlessly for me.The open snack bar is such a welcoming addition to the hotel, it adds that homely feel for the traveller.Highly recommended.

Undoubtly the B.E.S.T trip ever!!! Swim-up Room

very disappointed After reading reviews in travel articles I thought this would be a delightful small hotel with a lot of ambiance. Not a good decision. Finding the entrance to the hotel is a major challange after dark. It is a single locked door with no sign or light on a very dark street. No indication at all of the hotel location. I walked back and forth before discovering the entrance. Then it was through a dark courtyard to a tiny elevator up to the 3rd floor. Alone and after dark this did not make me feel good. The front desk was not friendly when I arrived as they seemed preoccupied with something else. My room (actually bedroom/sitting area) was quite large, but very dark and cavernous. The only bright welcoming spot was the new sink/shower area. The wc was in a closet like area off the sitting room and old and musty smelling. The cold tile floors on 2 levels that you could trip over in the dark made a trip to the bathroom at night a difficult feat. Breakfast was very nice and the staff was friendly at that time. However there are many hotels in great locations and patios with lovely views in Florence. I would never stay here again.

Okay but wouldn't stay again Had a room overlooking the street and garbage cans. Staff was very nice but the accomodations were dark and the noise started early in the a.m. and went on into the night. Across from a hostel and down an alley,.. breakfast was good .. but next time will try Another hohel.

Barcelona, hostal L'antic espai: ''One of a kind!'' After a 10 days stay at this amazing place..with great people:The owners are present 24hrs,taking care of all your questions wishes, great insider recommendations for restaurantssights, extremely helpful when you have a problem..for example when you need a doctor,( one of them is actually a GP!)On a super location:a stone's throw away from placa Catalunya Passeo de Gracia: the heart of the city,well connected with all public transport(Metro, airport-bus),surrounded by shops, restaurants, theaters..where my first impression was:WOW! from the very first minute!Entering the place you think of the 'kabinet of Marie Antoinette' !an impressing collection of antique furniture(every room looks different) gives you a nostalgic comfortable feeling, as if you visit the mansion of your favorite grandparents!while you relax in their 'living-room' they take care of your luggage, and pamper you with something nice to drink..(one of the owners mixes great Margaritas..!)And my room: Beautiful!nr 104,) actually a triple room (but since i stayed a bit longer, it was perfect) antic furniture, spacious, quiet, with a door that opens to a terrace (you share it with 3 other rooms, and they even serve delicious breakfasts outside!) extremely clean: with fresh towels every day, a bathrobe, hairdryer,shampoo.. all the comfort you wouldn't expect in a in Spain.. so much love for every little detail,fresh flowers every where..It's excellent'' value for money''!I(sadly..) found an appartment , as my job requiers me to stay in Barcelona for more than a i'd have to leave one day, i know there's always a 'L'espai' to come HOME!

Great Location - wonderful time We stayed at the Edenh 3/10/08 - 3/17/08. After reading many negative comments here we decided to go in very open-minded to their problem areas. First, the positive. The location is fantastic, beach is gorgeous, property was clean and neat (no glass seen around beach). the staff was very corteous, from the moment we arrived from the aiport. Check in was very smooth, room was ready about 3:30 pm and was on the 4th floor as we requested. We stayed in 2421 so we had a pool/ocean view and that was wonderful. The bar in the lobby area had Great bartenders, especially Luis and Julio (thanks guys) who made the drinks we requested perfectly, even though they had never made a long beach before. We got great service from them every day. we had green wrist bands and so no difference in treatment to us vs pink bands. If you are ok without 'brand' name liquor, I would not upgrade.The food was decent, plenty to choose from, but I would not say it was gourmet. We were able to get in to all 4 ala carte restaurants. The Italian and the Asian were our favorites. The spa and casino were open and we enjoyed both.Now on some of the negative areas. Yes, they do need more beach chairs. We tried to get chairs one day at 6:45 AM and they were all already reserved. We decided to just lay our towels on the sand and enjoy a few hours on the beach anyway. Pool chairs were available for us all week, even as late as 10 AM, which was better than prior reviews told us. Hopefully they will add more to the beach soon.the reservation system for the restaurants is still as noted with long lines. Again, went in without expecting to get in to all. We would get there at 6:30 - 7 pm (party of 2) and were able to get into all but steak house on first try. took 3 nights to get into steak house, but Italian and French both had openings 2 of those nights we were turned down. If you have a larger party, you probably need to get there earlier, but honestly, the dinner buffet had steak, chicken, pasta, fish, etc that the cooks were grilling for you and they all tasted good.The bathroom scenario - it is very contemporary. Since it was only hubby and I, worked out fine, but I can see issues if sharing room with others. Not sure if the hotel will ever close up' that opening, so larger groups may need to try to put up some kind of divider for privacy.Overall we enjoyed our trip and would definitely go back again.

Happy 21st My daughter and I had a great stay to celebrate her 21st birthday. The hotel provided the perfect antidote to a hectic round of shopping, sight-seeing and entertainment. Our room was comfortable, clean and pleasant. The atmosphere and refreshment facilities were welcome and welcoming and the staff could not have been more friendly and helpful. Topped off by being in a perfect position a stone's throw from Times Square yet relatively peaceful and quiet.

Amazing wedding venue! A few wedding pics in the beautiful Reading Room!

It's ok, but mjuch better in San Francisco Having stayed at multiple Kimpton group hotels over the past 6 to 12 months overall this hotel was a disappointment. The service is fine and the lobby is indeed beautiful, the downfall is the rooms even by San Francisco standards are small. In fact the bathrooms on most cruise ships almost seems spacious as compared to the room. The loo is within 3 inches of the outer wall making using it almost an experience. As with all Kimpton group hotels the rooms are quite comfortable and definitely live up to the boutique standard. The location is also suspect as it borders the start of the tenderloin district. Make sure to get directions when you leave because walking in the wrong direction even a block can lead to a potentially dangerous experience at night.

Nice Play To Stay We stayed at the Bali Hyatt Sanur Beach for 3 nights in early March. It was a rather last minute decision to book at this hotel so I know I did not get the best rate for our ocean view standard room, but still, it wasn't totally over the top ($140 for the Sunday night, then $175/nt for Mon and Tues night). Our rate included a breakfast buffet which was plentiful and very tasty. The hotel grounds are quite lovely with two pools and access to the beach. If you are looking for a swimming beach however, I don't think the beach in the back of the hotel is ideal. I would describe it more as a beach to sunbathe on or to splash around in. That was a bit disappointing to my boyfriend who enjoys swimming in the ocean. Our room, though a little old in appearance, was comfy. I liked the location of the hotel because we were able to walk to many shops and very good restaurants (we highly recommend Massimo's if you need a break from Indonesian food and want some delicious Italian at cheap prices). As with most Balinese hotels, the service was excellent at the Hyatt. I don't know if we'd book here again in the future but we did enjoy our stay.

Too Beautiful For Words! We just returned from our vacation in Bali and part of our trip was spent at the Alam Shanti in Ubud. If you would like to experience a little bit of Heaven on Earth, then my advice is to book a room at this hotel. Actually, the rooms are more like little bungalows set amidst the exquisite landscape of Ubud. You are literally swept away in a nature wonderland of sorts where the sounds of birds, frogs, gecko's, chickens, and all types of insects will lull you to sleep and literally be nature's alarm clock for you in the morning when it's time to wake up.Due to availability, we had the chance to stay in three different bungalows during our stay at Alam Shanti (Saraswati, Dewi, and Laksmi rooms). All I can say is, WOW! the rooms are all gorgeous with marble bathrooms, beautiful and comfortable beds, and views that are simply amazing. I'd recommend getting a 2nd floor room if possible because like I said, the views are amazing. The 2nd floors all have a terrace or balcony of some sort, usually with a nice big daybed and table and chairs where you can enjoy your morning breakfast which is served in your room. Of the 3 rooms we stayed in, Laksmi was the only one on the first floor but it too was pretty gorgeous (the first floors have a very huge porch area--also quite lovely). Not only were the rooms quite impressive, but I have to say that the staff at Alam Shanti were quite exceptional. Saying that they were friendly is only half of it. The staff, from reception to housekeeping, to the drivers, went above and beyond their call of duty, in my opinion. They were always ready and eager to assist with anything we needed, from helping with transportation, to ordering room service from the local restaurant, to just being so warm and wonderful to all their customers.We LOVED this place and hope to return in the future.Thank-you Alam Shanti for helping to make our vacation so fantastic!

Secluded yet central, with top-notch hospitality Bed

Brilliant views of the Empire State Building! I stayed here for eight nights and can't recommend it enough. I asked for a room with a view and I got it - the Empire State Building. The king size, comfortable bed had seven soft pillows on it, flatscreen TV, wonderful light streaming in, and plenty of room for your purchases.There's no room service, but with New York at your doorstep who needs it? There's a coffee maker and empty fridge in each room. Downstairs, there's free coffee, a small shop selling junk food and drinks, a vending machine and ice. You can also order a breakfast in the morning, which was delicious and affordable for hotel standards (but you're better off going to the deli next door for a $3 breakfast).The internet terminal downstairs is free, too, but understandably this was often busy.Staff were so friendly - I had no problems cashing travellers' cheques or asking advice about things such as airport transfers.The basement gym was small but modern, with TVs attached to virtually every piece of equipment.Location is great - just five mins walk from Herald Square and Times Square is just around the corner (but not too close as to cause headaches!). Bryant Park is also good for a laze.This place is one of my favourites in New York - it's not the most glamorous but it's comfortable, it's clean, there are brilliant views and it's central. What more could you want?

Why all the fuss? I'm not sure why this hotel generates all the overwhelmingly positive reviews it does.I arrived late at night (11pm), only to be told they couldn't find my booking - when I had the reservation and confirmation number in front of me, clear as day. Their revenue manager who would be able to dig around to find the booking was not there until the morning so until then, they made me sign a guarantee to pay their full rates just in case -- and asked me to see her the next morning. As the full rates were more than double the rate I was paying, I was a little worried and didn't sleep well.Next morning, the person I spoke to said it was all sorted out; it had been a computer problem. This was a relief, and I was told it had happened to several other people -- but I didn't appreciate having to sign that piece of paper the night before, even if it was policy.In addition, a four-minute call to upstate NY cost me almost $30. I know hotels add a surcharge, but I couldn't believe it.As for the room, it had a view of a construction site (at 11pm I was too tired to ask for another room, and I would be out all next day). The room was well sized but very dark - not much light came in at all, and the indoor lights were weak. I was squeezed in a corner next to the amenities room which was constantly opening and closing. If I were you, I would make sure I got a suitable room with a view and light. The bed was comfortable.The airy gym was very good, with free fruit, drinks, towels and shower facilities.Midtown location was excellent - just minutes away from MoMa, Rockefeller Center and major subway stops.So all in all, service wasn't very good, location was excellent, and the hotel, for what I was paying, was underwhelming.

Quiet, comfy, free Wi-Fi I've been staying at this hotel for several nights and am writing this review from their room while on my laptop just before I check out! There is 100% free wireless internet (ask at reception for the code) which you can access in your room - so it's perfect if you want to combine business with sightseeing.The staff are friendly and speak English. I chose a double room with a shared toilet and shower, never had to wait to use either and both were clean. The room I chose was actually quite large by Parisian standards (maybe because it hasn't got a bathroom) - there is room for a desk, open wardrobe, comfy double bed, two bedside tables, phone, a washing basin, luggage rack and safe, and still room to do sit-ups! The safe was deep enough to fit my 15-inch laptop. The room overall was very clean, fresh and tidy.Cons are few. The lift is rickety and gives an almighty jolt as it hits your floor which was disconcerting, and the breakfast is, in my opinion, overpriced so I didn't choose it (there are many restaurants and creperies outside and it's very close to the Blvd Haussmann and several Metro/bus stops). Also, the TV doesn't have English cable channels, but this is no big deal when there's so much to see outside (and free internet). But if you're with kids, don't channel surf at night as you may get a surprise - it appears some of the more adult channels are not censored.

Lovely hotel, great pool! Lovely hotel, bottom 9 or so floors are hotel, upper floors are condo dwellers. The pool was the highlight for me, big enough for lap swimming! on a rooftop, with a view to the bay. The OMNI is close by ( couple block walk) hop on that for free, get off at Freedom Tower Station and you're only a couple blocks from the Bayside Marketplace. Lovely hotel room with a great view of Biscayne Bay, nice living room, separate bedroom area...very nice.

We LOVED this hotel! We chose this hotel after reading the reviews others had written and we were not disappointed. We asked for a higher floor and the move was taken care of giving us a lovely view of the Rockefeller building. If you're booking try and get breakfast included. It was just the start we needed to a day of exploring New York city. Use the concierge, they are very helpful and nothing was too much trouble. The beds are VERY comfortable, just what we needed after a day of touring this fantastic city. The rooms are plenty big and the bathroom was lovely. Bottles of water left in room when bed was turned down was a nice touch. Free internet in the lobby proved handy for keeping in touch with friends and family, and finding out news from home. Able to adjust the room temperature using the room thermostat. (Handy in a heatwave!). Excellent location. Quick and easy access to 5th Avenue and Time Square, with Broadway a gentle stroll taking 10 minutes at most. Staff were all helpful, efficient and friendly. We'd definately look to stay here again.

Great stay in Barcelona View from balcony

How can this be 5 Golden Apples? Returned a couple of weeks ago from spending a week at this hotel. Compared to 5 Golden Apple rated hotels in Mexico that we have vacationed at.....this is nowhere close! Beach is nice, service staff friendly and helpful, entertainment staff work extremely hard - we attended the shows every night and also took part in a couple of games during the day. We were allocated a room on ground floor in main building - overlooking Caribbean street shops - no privacy, plus room was damp and bathroom had mould. Front desk very helpful and we moved next day to a room in a villa (8 in a block). Although this was better, the accommodation could do with some updating - even a coat of paint would help! Tired and not gently used furnishings.....some days I had to call front desk at 5pm to have room cleaned (and I tipped every day!). Leak in ceiling - repaired quite quickly. Food adequate; but no air-conditioned buffets. The a la carte restaurants could be so nice, but, except for the Oriental one, were let down by overcooked, luke-warm food (including the lobster dishes!). Grounds are well landscaped and clean. Seemed to be lots of people at pools - we use the beach all the time. Although resort seemed to be at full capacity, could still get a beach palapa at 8am - a big plus, not having to get up at crack of dawn! I thought the alcohol was very poor - cheap - even the so called Johnny Walker Red Label tasted like kerosene (I am Scottish btw)). We enjoyed ourselves because of the people we made friends with - at disco 5 nights out of 7 - good fun)); however, I would not recommend this hotel.

Best Christmas gift ever!!! My husband and I just returned from this JW as a Christmas gift we had given ourselves. We enjoyed this place so much, we hope to return again in August with our kids. We booked an executive suite package that included the Cloud Room. Since we did not bring our teenagers on this trip, our daily visits to the Cloud Room were greatly appreciated as it was a holiday weekend and there was no shortage of children of every age here. Everyone was especially helpful here. We thoroughly enjoyed getting ideas and tips from Elizabeth, Concierge at the Cloud room and reviewing our day's events with Sharon in the evening. These two women helped make our weekend exceptional. The most appreciated advice was to use the spa pool since no children were allowed. We enjoyed everything about this weekend: the room, the service, the food, etc. We ate at the steakhouse and our only wish was that they would have offered smaller portions.We hope to receive the same gift next year.

Would stay here again Stayed here based on TA reviews. Had two adjoining rooms which worked out perfectly for us. Stayed in a higher room; had no problems with noise. Housekeeping was excellent. Doorman was extremely helpful with getting cabs and car for airport. Would definitely stay here again!

Great Time in Punta Cana I am writing this review because I read a lot of reviews before I left for Punta Cana and was quite paranoid about eating the food. We stayed at the Bavaro Princess and had a wonderful time. There were four of us, two teens and my husband and I. No one got sick. The food was very good for an all inclusive and our room was very nice. It was a little worn but clean and comfortable. The staff was very friendly and energetic. The beach and pool were beautiful. We will be back.

please take away a few stars! I arrived at the Savoy hotel with an open mind. After reading the reviews on this website I wasn't quite sure what to expect. It is very central there is no doubt about that. Check in was average and the reception area is nice. Corridors to the bedrooms are in need of a lick of paint and the carpet is quiet worn. Bedrooms are v small the handle was missing off the wardrobe. The door into the bathroom is a sliding one which looks v strange, kind of reminded me of a mobile home/caravan! The Sink and Bath are v worn and yellow looking, bath is quite high so you do have to almost jump up into it...would hate to see what an elderly person would have to do in this situation! Once I got into the bath I was literally too tall for the shower which is not securley attached so therefore water sprays everywhere unless you hold it with your hand.. After recovering from the bathroom experience my partner discovered that the bed was actually two single ones pushed together with the oddest lightest looking mattresses I have ever seen. With much annoyance I made my way to reception and enquired if there was a possibility of changing rooms. I was met with a cool forced smile that told me All the rooms are the same . that night the traffic was horrific and the room was so hot that a window had to be left open.. The worst though was the visible springs that were nearly up through the material of the so called mattress. I had the worst nights sleep so on my way to breakfast I made my way to reception and asked for the manager on duty who I have to say was v nice and efficient. After hearing my story he informed me that there was no problem in changing us to a newly renovated room on the 7th floor and explained that they were going through major renovations at the moment. It was a pity that the girl that checked us in didn't inform us of this!The new room was much more pleasant, new and modern. If we had gotten this room the first night we would have really enjoyed our stay as the breakfast room was excellent and had a nice enviroment.I work in a 4 star hotel myself and I really feel that the hotel savoy is nowhere near the required standards here in Ireland. So if you are going to stay there don't go with very high expectations and if your not too fussy and just going for a bit if shopping then stay here but by all means ask for a room on the 7th floor!

Great Stay Absolutely fab place to stay, so convenient to all that is going on, staff were very helpful with map and directions and a great plus is secure parking. the people in San Francisco were the best, so friendly here. We only stayed 2 nights but would like to stay a week next time. Weather abit cool even for us Brits but go to other side of bridge and its fabulous.We cycled over Golden Gate bridge (about 8 miles), then got ferry back. And u must try clam chowder soup and the fish restaurants on Fishermans Wharf. All in all a fantastic city.Would certainly recommended hotel to all my friends.

Lovely Location and a nice clean hotel ! This does what it says on the tin (but perhaps you get a bit more too!)Its an above average two star hotel, its in a lovely location - a very nice area of the city. Easy reached by tram number 5 from central station and then you get off just at the Reiks Museum.You are close to a long road full of designer shops...so if this is your bag you will be in shoppers heaven. Also walkable distance to restaurants etc. Very close to Hard Rock Cafe.Hotel itself. Smooth check-in. reception staff friendly and helpful .......manned 24 hours. Reception area seems a bit cluttered with a UK telephone box in it and some airline seats amongst other things! Lots of reading info/free maps/and leaflets.Very steep steps up to the front of the hotel. There is a lift once inside the hotel - to the rooms, but this does not go down to the breakfast room.Breakfast. Self-Serve.Good selection of cereals, toasts, breads, ham and cheese.Eggs too if you get down early enough. (didnt see this being re-filled.)There is a small bar too which also served coffee s etc.Rooms small. Bathrooms excellent. Everything you need for a city break - as you dont spent very much time in the room anyway. Plenty of hanging space, and shelves, and even a desk with 2 chairs. Shower excellent. Room clean.We pre-booked an evening dinner canal cruise which I would highly recommend. beautiful food and wine included all evening.If you would like to book this, and/or the hotel, contact me via email as I am happy to help you out....Be aware there are lots of different cruises - all leave from opposite central station.Overall would recommend this hotel to others, as long as you realise you are heading for a 2 star I feel you will not be at all disappointed, like me you will be very pleasantly surprised !Lucy - Travel Counsellors UK

Tiny Room - Fantastic Location - Immaculately Clean At the Royal Magda for 8 nights in April. The hotel was very accommodating -- we checked in at 10:00 AM wth no problem. The room was no larger than a closet. We booked a club room with 2 beds, thinking it would be a bit larger. The bathroom was adequately sized and almost brand new. The hotel was immaculate -- every inch of it. Yes the lift is good for 2 people but it's a lift and it works. Flor and Yohan were delightful and had excellent command of English which was most helpful when asking for directions.Everything good to say about this hotel except for the size of the room.

fantastic What a treat! The Estherea is a jewel. From the reception desk to the size of the room, the decor, the beautiful amenities and cleanliness of this establishment we were welcomed and thrilled. We booked a room overlooking the canal. The sun flooded the room through the 3 floor to ceiling windows. Eventhough you don't spend all that much time in the room, coming back to this comfortable room was a joy. Everything was immaculate. The bathroom was huge with 2 sinks and lots of room. Loved the towel warmer!The location couldn't be better. There were lots of restaurants around the hotel and pubs and cafes too. The bakery right around the corner made the most delicious pastries and croissants and we had them for breakfast every day with fresh squeezed orange juice. Transportation is fantastic. Hotel 3 blocks from Dam Square, a 5 minute walk from every tram and only 3 stops from Central Station. Our room was over $300/night but well worth it for the comfort this hotel offers. Hot tea, coffee and hot chocolate available all day with a lovely lounge, library and lobby in which to enjoy a rest.

Nice, but could have been so much better!! My Partner and I spent 5 nights here during a quick break in sydney. Chose hotel due to location and room rate. Chifley is close to many restaurants, bars, a Coles supermarket and the best gelato shop ever...called Messina. Worth a visit.Hotel was in a good location in relation to the train and bus services (right above the kings cross station)...however be prepared for the sights and sounds of this busy and vibrant area of sydney..it has it's good and not so good points.Room was large and decor pretty good for the price we paid, however the hotel atmosphere was somewhat lacking. The hygeine of the bathroom especially was a bit dodgy..but we survived.The reception was on level two of the hotel, but the entrance was on ground level..a modern area, but very dark, with dingy lighting and nobody at the Concierge desk ..(we saw not one staff member at this so called concierge desk during our entire stay!..which we feel was very dissapointing indeed).Whilst we enjoyed our stay and absolutely loved Sydney we would probably look at different options next time.

Very Nice, would recommend Stayed at the hotel for 8 days in September 2006 with my boyfriend, we're 29 36. Found it to be exactly as others describle. I thought the room was great, rm 403. Big bathroom, lots of closet/drawer space, excellent a/c and 2 french doors to the balcony with view of Arc. The hotel never seemed crowded, the staff was helpful and spoke excellent English. I like that you never had to carry your key around they hold it at the front desk. We did return every night after the doors were locked and never waited more than a few minutes for them to open it for us.The hotel was very centralized, the Metro across the street is on the popular line that goes down the Champs Elysees -Louvre, very convenient. We also went to Versailles ourselves and it was about an hour total between taking 2 trains. Taxi stand was right in front of the hotel and it was never hard to get a taxi. Also we got the AirFrance shuttle navette (it's more like a bus) to and from the airport, 12E each way. Slightly confusing taking to the hotel, very easy taking it back. Make sure you have the hotel confirm your terminal before leaving since we got off on the wrong one and had to take another bus to the right one!We ate at the cafe La Flame around the corner for dinner/drinks on 2 occaisons, reasonable prices, great atmosphere. We also ate a fast breakfast one morning at the Quick fast food place 2 blocks away. We also at a few places along the Champs, Madigral and L'Alsace.... service was ok, food was mediocre, very pricey. Laduree was excellent!! We loved Barrio Latino in the Bastile area, great food and great music, dance floor was packed and fun to watch. We also liked the food court in the Lourve for a quick lunch. Le Petit Pont was a nice place to eat right across from Notre Dame, we also liked the live jazz at Le Caveau de la Hauchette. Lots of bars/cafes/nightlife on that street.We saw the Lido show and the Crazy Horse cabaret, Farooq the concierge, booked our tickets, he charged us 32E as a fee, the seats were great and we did get free champagne at the Lido, but just be aware he has a booking fee. Both shows were great I would recommend both. We did the entire city in 8 days, there is so much to see, we walked a million miles and the weather was hot for September, 85F. Always took a nap before heading out around 9pm for dinner. It was a great trip, I did a lot of research on the hotel and was glad that the Spendid Etoile was exactly what we expected!

A bit dissappointed We booked a two night break in the Shangri La on our way from Australia to the Maldives. On arrival we were very pleased and impressed by the atrium/lobby and reception; it was all very opulent and check in was quick. It was 2.00am in the morning so perhaps this wasn't surprising. We had booked a Tower, Club room which overlooked the garden and swimming pool. This was very luxurious but very, very small and we were disappointed. We had had 4 weeks of travelling and many club rooms, sometimes we even had been upgraded to a suite, this room was less half the size most of the other rooms and about a third of the size of the Sheraton at Noosa which we had just left. By this time it was about 2.30am so all we wanted was sleep and as we only had two nights there we decided not to complain. The bathroom was also very small but like the room was luxurious.We had breakfast at the Blu restaurant (Club room breakfast area). The view was fabulous and the choice and quality of the food excellent so we decided to book evening dinner here and a waitress made a note of our booking and request for a window table but as she couldn't make the reservation herself told us it would be confirmed later and we gave her our mobile number for this. No-one contacted us! At about 5.30pm we returned to Blu restaurant to check on the booking; although they had the note which clearly stated our request for a window table and time etc. they had done nothing about it. So at this late time we had to make the booking needless to say all the window tables had now been reserved! We said OK we didn't mind a table a little back from the window as we could still see the view. We went back to our room to shower and change and then to the Club lounge for pre dinner drinks and It was about 6.45pm and we were stunned to be told there was no seating available so we would have to wait in the nearby Blu bar where our drinks would be brought to us. We went in here and with great difficulty (I am only 5ft we climbed onto the very high chairs. We perched uncomfortably here waiting for our drinks - they didn't arrive!! . This bar is extremely cold, so much so that condensation had formed on the outside of all the windows and you couldn't see the fabulous view so this was not a good experience. Eventually my husband went to find the drinks only to be greeted by 'Oh, there is a seat for you now, didn't anyone tell you?' Well we finally got to the comfort of the Club lounge but only for a short time as we were now due to go for dinner. When we got to the Blu restaurant we were shown to table in an alcove (the only one without a view!). We protested to no avail! We should have left then but decided to stay and to be fair had a very excellent meal. I must say though don't go to this restaurant if you have a big appetite or a small wallet. Most of the next day we spent at the Botanic gardens, and then came back to the hotel for a welcome hour or two around the pool. This is lovely but, for the size of the hotel, too small and consequently it was very crowded with children everywhere and it was difficult to find two sun-beds. There is plenty of space for another pool in the grounds and I think the hotel would do well to do away with the tiny four hole par 3 golf and put in a second pool.Prior to our holiday I checked the website and was pleased to see that club rooms had a complimentary late check-out as we were flying at 1.30am (this influenced our booking). When we asked for this late check out we were told check out was at 12.00md. It took a lot of persuasion to get a change on this but finally they did relent and it was granted. I think the rules must have changed between booking and our stay. So, if you have stuck with me this far you may we wondering if we would stay here again. I am afraid the answer is that despite the obvious luxury and reputation of the hotel we would not. We were not made to feel special or a valued guest in any way, and next time would return to the Mandarin Oriental where we have stayed previously. This was wonderful and, although it too is a large hotel, the staff made us feel like royalty!

Great hotel! We'll be back. Stayed at the hotel for a girlie weekend. Shared a room on the 58th floor with views over the harbour which were fantastic.The rooms were spacious with 2 queen size beds. Having the Lavazza coffee machine in the room was great. We started our mornings with a coffee sitting on our beds gazing out at the harbour. So relaxing! The breakfast in the Executive Lounge was good. The service in the hotel was great. My friend lost her credit card in an ATM in the Raffles City shopping complex and the staff member in the Executive Lounge was so helpful in helping her with phone calls etc and she managed to get her card back the next day. Normally, sorting out issues like that is a nightmare.The location is great. Just above the Raffles City MRT (making it so easy to get everywhere) and the Raffles City shopping complex. Loads of great inexpensive food places in the market place at the bottom of Raffles City as well as a great supermarket.The pool area was lovely as well.We'll definitely be back for another girlie weekend as well as bring the family here. It is also an ideal place to have a family break.

Great location Very nice design

Grupotel Gravina - Great This was a great place to stay. The location was perfect, the staff was very helpful and it was very clean and comfortable. We highly recommend this hotel.

Doggish in Seattle We travel to Seattle several times a year. Generally we are viewing welcome new additions to the family. A doggish addition to OUR family prompted a new direction in hotel accomodations...the search for pet friendly hotels. The Hotel Max, a cutting edge, Euro-funk addition to the Seattle hotel roster would not have been my first choice. Our son puts his business clients up there and he made the choice. Grandpa, grandma, nine year old Isabella and 12 pound Octavia all found the staff to be pleasant and accomodating. Isabella particularly found the room keys with the naked mannikins enchanting and I am sure they will be a hit with the 4th grade in Mesa AZ. I know she pocketed them as a souvineer. Pros: Excellent location, superb beds, great pillows,accomodating staff and very friendly ambience. The car was always there when requested..Semi-clever art and a good restaurant for breakfast. Cons: very small rooms, awkward and unsafe bathrooms. noisy with poor soundproofing. Extremely dark hallways. The cleaning staff is hit and miss and over a 4 night stay, the bathroom and dusting were sporadic in nature. Not quite clean but no filth...perhaps a bit of Euro-grunge. Dog amenities were delivered in a sporadic fashion also. Petrified dog treats which were decline by five different pooches. (We offered them around thinking Octavia was being picky and got no takers.) It is a toss up whether we would stay there again if it were not for the dog and the corporate rate. I have found better deals. Everyone is very nice, but it isn't a great bang for the buck.

Loved this place! Great Location. Yes, the rooms are small. Big Deal. However, the charm and location more than make up for the small room size. After all, who goes on vacation to sit in a hotel room and watch TV anyways!?!? My room was very clean and I appreciated all the little extras such as the flowers, bag of (useful!) goodies, and VERY comfortable bed.The Mosser Hotel is located in the most ideal location imaginable. About a 3 minute walk to the cable cars, close to many shops and convenience stores, Chinatown, Coit Tower, the Embarcadero, etc.Very unique hotel and reasonable rates as well.

If only I could live here We stayed at Nine Zero two years ago to celebrate our anniversary and fell in love with the hotel. Even though we only live a few blocks away, it's always fun to stay in a hotel :) Anyway, we got a gorgeous king size city room and were thoroughly impressed with the entire hotel. We had dinner at Excelsior and when we came back, he had asked the hotel for the romantic get-away package and the bed was scattered in rose pedals, a bath had been made, candles were everywhere, and jazz was softly playing in the background. Everything was perfect. We would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone. I want to go back!

A Series of Unfortunate Events Pool/Courtyard

Worth the price. I stayed at Dorsett Seaview along with a group of three other friends from the 11th-13th July and from 14th-18th July. (The night of the 13th, we spent in China.) (:Location (5/5)The location was excellent. There was a night market (Temple Street Night Market) practically at our doorstep, plus several other eateries such as Hui Lau Shan, Mc'Donalds and other smaller outlets around the hotel. Yau Ma Tei MRT Station was only two streets away, hence making travelling around Hong Kong a breeze. Mongkok (Ladies Street Night Market) was also within 10-15 minutes walking distance.Cleanliness (4/5)The carpets were mostly clean, the sheets were white, and the blankets were stain-less. The bathroom was dry and clean when we first entered the room as well.A heating flask and a metallic flask for storing hot water that was provided in each room wasn't that clean, though. My friend had to scrub the heating flask a few times before it was reasonably clean enough for storing water. Whereas the metallic flask was rusty, hence we avoided using it.Room Amenities (3/5)There was a small television set in the corner, but it didn't work. (Either that, or we didn't know how to operate it.) The room we (my friend and I) stayed in for the initial half of our trip had wooden blinds that were rather difficult to use. Just shutting the blinds at night took us almost ten minutes because it was constantly getting jammed. Likewise, it was tough to raise the blinds in the morning because the whole thing just kept falling back down. Thankfully, the room we stayed in for the second half of the trip had curtains instead of blinds.The bathroom was tiny, but I didn't really mind since I don't take up much space anyway. Although it was hard to enter the bathroom and shut the door without getting my toe caught in between the bathroom floor and the base of the door.Room itself was small as well. However, it wasn't small to the extent of inducing claustrophobia because there was somehow a rather cosy feeling about it. Nicely furnished. Quite 'zen-like', in my frank opinion.Cups and free sachet drinks were provided in the rooms - but no teaspoons. So we had to swirl the cup like a conical flask in a chemistry lab just to ensure that the powdered drinks dissolved properly in the hot water.Free Breakfast (3.5/5)Food was so-so, I guess. Perhaps it is because I am easily satisfied. At least it is edible, not like some flea-infested cafeterias we can find on the streets.However, there wasn't much variety in the food. The same old pancakes, bacon, ham, sausages, porridge and cornflakes every single day - for six days we stayed there. The pancakes had a rather rubbery texture, so at times I was unsure whether I was biting into a deflated tyre or a pancake. Otherwise, the rest of the food was average.Reception (5/5)VERY friendly. Always ready to serve with a smile, and a tone that puts you at ease almost immediately. They were well versed in English as well, so I didn't really have any trouble communicating with them while checking-in and checking out. The process of checking in and out was also a relatively fast procedure, seeing how efficient most of the staff was.IN A NUTSHELLFor the price, and considering that this is merely a 2-3 star hotel, I was pleasantly surprised for the most part. I've refered to some of the reviews regarding this hotel on this site prior to my departure and was bracing myself for the worst upon checking in, but the worst never came. Perhaps I was just lucky.Either way, I'll definitely stay at this hotel again - should I return to Hong Kong in the near future. (:

Everything was Perfect Great Location! Incredible view of Alcatrez Golden Gate Bridge from room. Loved being able the walk to the Piers for dinner shopping. Beautiful rooms public areas. Highly recommend to anyone.

Loved it here! Book this little gem of a hotel and you won't be disappointed!! On arrival into Venice as you come through customs look left and you will find the ACTV desk which is were you need to purchase your 12/24/48 hours travel pass for the bus/vaporetti you will need for your stay in Venice. Leave the desk and walk outside and take the number 5 bus which is from the second row. The number five bus takes you to Pizzale Bus station which link you up with the popular number 1 Vaporetti which will take you into Venice. The stop you will need for Al Ponte Mocenigo is San Stea which is the fourth stop on the number one. From the airport to the hotel it takes about 40 mins. If money is no object then take the water taxi but it's as the Vaporetti is so easy I would take it everytime. We arrived at the Al Ponte Mocenigo and found it easily after you get off at the stop walk to the left and you will see a little bridge this is the entance. The rooms were lovely and the staff are so friendly. We arrived and I had already asked Sandro to book us a table at a restaurant called the Vini Da Gigio which I heard some great things about on Tripadvisor, he had made the reservation and directed us there easily. What we hadn't known before we went is that Venice is so small and getting about is so easy, The restaurant was excellent and again the followig night Sandro had booked us into another restaurant close by called La Zucca another lovely choice. Breakfast is lovely warm coisants and cereal with gorgeous coffee. Nothing it seems is too much for the staff here and they welcome you to leave your bags with them on the last day after you have checked out which is 11am. Everything is close by even though on the map it isn't it really is only 10 minutes to St Marc square and the Rialto Bridge. I wouldn't stay anywhere else and I am already booking for September. Have a great time.

Perfectly happy here A semi-budget facility, offering full service. The location is great with two Tube stations not more that 10 minutes away each, as well as the Thames ferry being about 12 minutes away.Even better, the 24 bus stopped right at the door. And you can see so much more of the city from the top of a bus. This one foes to Westminster, Trafalgar and out to the British Museum.Very clean, nicely appointed, great staff. The room was a bit small, but the bathroom was good sized ... which at our age is the more welcome.Limited television station availability. But, again, not what we come to London for.Breakfast was adequate, but it never varied : eggs, beans, bacon, toast and juice. Oh, you could have corn flakes instead of eggs and bacon, or you could have a slice of cold ham and one of cheese. We settled on boiled eggs, toast , bacon and juice...and made bacon and toast sandwiches for lunch.Given the prices of hotels in London, I would recommend this to everyone.Oh, and the Internet was free. (But I don't think they had wireless.)

Best holiday ever whats with all the bad feedback? part of the restaurant by the pool

Great location, nice hotel There is no denying that this hotel is in a great location. It's on Dam Square, a short walk from the main train station and canal boat terminus. A number of trams stop just opposite the hotel meaning that you are just steps away from a connection to all parts of the city.Damrak, the street on which the hotel is located, is home to lots of shops of varying quality. Just opposite the hotel is a large, high quality store and there are lots of souvenir shops a few doors away. The very impressive Magna Plaza shopping centre is just around the corner - it's worth a look just for the amazing interior.The hotel is not very impressive looking from the outside - it's quite unassuming - and the reception area is small and unremarkable. We were given a free upgrade from 'standard' rooms to 'superior' rooms. It seems there can be a great difference between the quality of superior rooms. My companion's room was lovely and big, with a large bathroom containing bath and separate shower, seating area for 2 people, and all in all it was a spacious room. My room was a lot smaller, no separate shower and the finish in the room was really poor - dents in the door and wardrobe door, 2 cigarette burns in the bed covers and net curtains. I wasn't very impressed - and probably less so because I'd already seen my companion's room!I was appalled to find that the bin in the room hadn't been emptied and peeping out at me was a porno DVD cover. When I checked the sink in the bathroom, there was a stain so I called reception to complain about the housekeeping service. One of the receptionists came up to see what was wrong, offered me a free drink for the oversight and sent housekeeping to empty the bin. It turned out the stain in the sink was a permanent fixture. I was convinced that this must be a standard rather than superior room, but on checking was assured this was of superior standard ... could have fooled me!I was suprirsed to read negative comments on this website about the soundproofing of the hotel because I found it to be excellent. I'm a very light sleeper and absolutely hate hearing noise from other hotel rooms. This is one of the few times that I can honestly say I didn't hear a sound from any other room. My companion who had the nice room, also had some kind of huge fan - presumably something to do with the air conditioning - just under her window and she had enormous problems getting to sleep, but in my lesser room, I had a great rest! I have to say the beds are very comfortable, there is a great range of channels on the TV - including BBC1 and 2 - and I LOVED the coffee machine in the room. It felt very decadent.The rooms also include a safe, ironing board and iron, mini-bar, 3 telephones (including one in the bathroom), a desk and nice leather chair. Another great feature was the guest office on the first floor which has 2 computers for guests' use and free internet access.As this was to be a relaxing break we decided to take breakfast in bed every morning at a cost of per time. This was only more than the restaurant price for breakfast so seemed worth it. We were very impressed with the lovely range of pastries and bread provided, along with eggs, bacon, coffee, juice and fresh fruit. I'd recommend it!We tried the restaurant for dinner on our first night and it was fine but nothing spectacular. The menu is unremarkable and doesn't change. I wouldn't really recommend it for dinner - you'd be better off finding somewhere out in the city.All in all, I enjoyed my stay at the Swissotel but there definitely are some problems there for the management to address. Staff at the hotel are helpful and courteous. The hotel has been rated 4* and I would say it deserves no more than 3*. However, you can't fault the location or the comfort of the beds and that's the main thing really!

Beware Of The Parrots Saona Island

Nice Hotel Very nice hotel. Free internet access, wake up calls, and breakfast is optional. English speaking receptionist. You leave your key at the reception when you leave out for the day. Good map and directions avaliable. No safe in the rooms but clean rooms and bathrooms.

Absolutely would go back..... wonderful pool

Location, Location, Location Wow - what a great experience we had! Residence Inn at Times Square was the perfect location - we could walk everywhere we wanted to go except Chinatown/Soho and the Waterfront. We were glad to be a few blocks away from theTimes Square chaos, and our rooms were very quiet, with a fantastic view of the Empire State Building! Our hotel offered a great breakfast every morning, and we were impressed by how spacious and comfortable the dining/public rooms were. During our five-night stay our concierge was a real font of information - we relied on him for all our dinner recommendations and reservations - made finding a great place to eat an easy adventure. The staff was extremely friendly and welcoming, and the rooms were very clean and comfortable - it was obvious the property was quite new and very well run. One of our most memorable ventures was going to the Top of the Rock our first night there - what a view and no line! And don't miss the Carnegie Deli (north of Times Square) for a great experience - not only the best, funniest, most welcoming waitstaff and star-studded clientele, but the BIGGEST reuben sandwiches we've ever tasted! One tip - the hotel does not offer any in-house transport, but Yellow Cab is limited to a $45 max. fare to anywhere in Manhattan, including JFK. Trips to Laguardia are not under any regulation, but our fare only added up to $25 (including tip), so we definitely recommend flying into LGA over JFK if you're staying at the Residence Inn at Times Square. DON'T use any limo services - we made that mistake when we arrived and ended up getting charged $80 (plus tip) for our transport to the hotel. Stick with the Yellow Cabs! Thanks Residence Inn for a great base for our adventure - we'll be back!

Loved the Ocean Blue Our family of 4 stayed at the Ocean Blue from 8/6-8/11/07. My husband and I are 49 and our two kids are aged 24 and 22. We all had a great time at the Ocean Blue and would definitely return again. The staff could not be more friendlier. The food was ok for what is was but remember you are not home.......The American Restaurant Route 66 and Mike Coffee House were the best. If you are going to the Ocean Blue IT'S A MUST TO GO TO MIKE'S. The rooms were kept very clean and whenever we asked for water or towels they were supplied very quickly. The staff conducted activites each and every day for both adults and kids but mostly geared to kids. They also performed by the pool each and every day. The ocean was gorgeous. Our main focus was relaxation and that's exactly what we did relax. The kids loved Victor the bartender......they miss you! We met many great people there. We will return to the Dominican however, as much as we loved the Ocean Blue we would like to go somewhere else for comparison.

What a great place! After reading so many negative reviews prior to going to this resort, we went with much anxiety. I was such a pleasant surprise. This is going to be a long review because I would like to cover everything possible. Arrival-Punta Cana Airport, whisked through and onto a bus, comfortable, ac, great guide. Arrived at hotel in 20 minutes, Bags were taken care of, no lline for check-in. Told the clerk what we preferred (8 of us) and we had rooms on 1st floor half way betwen the beach and the buffet and plaza. The room was very large (standard) and beautiful. Marble floors throughout (entire resort) Jacuzzi in bath, also large shower and lavatory. The toilet and shower had frost ed glass doors which gave privacy. There was a large approx 5x6 foot opening over the jacuzzi looking into the bedroom. If this is a problem bring something to hang over it. One family brought a sheet and duct tape. We are an older couple and didn't mind. The fridge is kept restocked every day with soda, beer and water. If you prefer more or a different kind they will happily oblige. If you are ready to have the room serviced p;ut the sign on the door handle. Put the do not disturb sign on the door any time you do not want to be disturbed. They do frequent checks on the rooms to be sure they are being serviced properly. The Beach-georgeous! Plenty to do-windsurfing, sunfish, Hobie cats, being towed on a tube or banana boat.Parasailing and ultralite raft rides. An army of people are out early every morning raking the beach to remove seaweed and any debris. I never saw a piece of trash the entire 7 days. They bring out a canoe and cut pineapples, melons, etc and put them on skewers for everyone to enjoy, There is also a grill down by thewater. The pools are large and clean. They are surrounded by chairs on the edge as well as chairs on the multiple pavilions that surround them. Yes,at times there are not enough chairs-more are still coming. Our way of dealing with this was the guys got to the beach at 7 and set up our chairs under two tiki huts with towels and other personal items on them.Then they went to the buffet for a boys coffee klatch. We were all out there by 8-8:30, and never had a problem. Food at the beach was great-a large grill and buffet under a large tiki roof. Terraced so you had a great view of the beach while eating. There was always grilled chicken, hot dogs and hamburgers plus an additional item. (fish, skewers). The staff is very attentive, always asking if you want another drink, etc. The bartender at the swim up bar is a real showman, must see to appreciate. Always stuff for the kids-ice cream etc. Main bufet-in the style of Vegas. Many, many selections. Some are navtive dishes, and they are worth a try. There is always a carving station which included on different nights, beef, lamb, pork, ham, turkey, salmon and local fish. One night was lobster, shrimp and various other seafood. The selections are always varied. Other restaurants-forget it! Ate at the American, great service, half a lobster, and a piece of steak. It was ok, but not what we are used to. We Americans are very spoiled when it comes to steak. Don't expect what you are used to. But, The meat is very tender and flavorfull, especially the beef on the grill. They also grill a variety of other meats for lunch and dinner. There is an omelet maker in the morning (Felix) he is amazing! We walked out of the Italian restaurant because we had waited 45 minutes and had not even gotten our salads. Menu was mostly pizzza, and a selection of pasta and sauces. Two waiters for a full restaurant and the hostess was not pleasant. The restaurant that most people were trying to get into was the Asian hibac hi because it had good reviews. Line for beepers started at 5 for 6:30 opening.Unless you have a team to take turns it is hard. Of course we are older and no one felt it was worth it, since we enjoyed the bufet so much. Entertainment-In addition to the staff,who were often very entertaining themselves, the shows were good! They were held in the plaza (outfdoor) and there was a variety.One night it was non-stop carribean music and dances who were amazing. Men walking on stilts seemed to glide. Lots of picture opportuinities. Kids loved it.Had face painting and made balloom hats for the kids. Got exhausted just watching. One night was Jazz, Sinatra,Ella fitzgralds, etc, anothe night, Circus with trapeze artist,another,vegas lounge act singer and impersonator. Was it Broadway?No, but it was entertaining and pleasant after a day at the beach a great dinner,and wonderful tropical drinks.- Don 't miss The Dirty Monkey, Domincan Sunrise, Mango Martini just to name a few. The power and air conditioner in your room is controlled by a card in a slot inside the door. The staff always left one in our slot so the air was running as much as you wanted. We often turned it off for a while at the thermostat, usually at night. Any credit card shaped card works in the slot. If the power goes out, it happened twice for a few minutes y ou must removed the card and replace it to turn the electric back on in your room. Mosquitoes-saw a few, swatted them. We live in South Jersey and ours are the State Bird. These were minis. If you need your room sprayed they will come and spray for y ou. We were on the first floor and they were no problem. Don t leave the sliding doors open! THE STAFF-I cannot find enough complimentary adjectives to describe them. The Dominican people are beautiful in both looks and manner. I cannot even imagine the ratio of staff to guests but it was more than ample. There is also a great deal of supervision. There was always a manager in sight, and they usually spoke the most fluent English. The housekeepinhg staff is is least fluent, but we could usually sign language our way to understanding. The staff truly makes your enjoyment their mission. It made us feel good just to be around them. They are proud of their country, and rightly so. They were always spotless and professional. We shared many laughs as they attempted to teach us their language and we ours. If your can't find a bar there you are blind! Would we go back? Definitely! Will we be able to afford it? Don't know, it is certainly a 41/2 star resort now and certainly will be a 5 star by next year. Upgrades-didn't find it necessary. Little larger room(maybe)robes in room, and top shelf liquor. (which you can get for an addition charge per drink:) One of our party did it once to get Absolut and after that didn't bother. The tropical drinks and thebeer were so good it didn't seem worth nearly $500 per couple. That's all I can think of. If you are going there you are lucky, have a dirty monkey for me! Marilyn, Cape May, NJ

Best kept secret I accidently discovered this hotel online and boy am I happy I did. At first from the website (and the prices!!!) I thought it was too good to be true. Well, it lived up to all our expectations. First of all, the hotel was in a great area, so close to everything. Also, the room was modern and clean and the staff were incredible! They were always so polite and helpful. Breakfast was great as well. I would recommend this place to anyone!

Nice Hotel Very nice, comfortable, clean, recently renovated. Nice rooms, halls, elevators. Parking $10.00, breakfast buffett $20.00 ... glad we got the good rate we did with Hotwire !!Management says Westin leases the parking property, therefore they must charge for the parking, so I suggested they comp hotel guests with breakfast, but at $20.00 per person for breakfast that would be a losing proposition.We were on the 10th floor. All elevators were very nice, the hall was newly carpeted, and our room was very nice. Nice linens. No vending machines, which surprised us, as we wanted a soda, and had to go to the gift shop to get it.Starbucks coffee in the room, and if you want more, just dial 0 ... good !USA Today and Wall Street Journal free ... good deal !All in all, a very nice experience.

Brilliant stay I've just returend from a 4-night stay at the hotel, and would certainly recomend it to anyone.The hotel is clean, and the staff are friendly enough. There is a variety of choice for Breakfast - meats, cheeses, cereals, bread rolls, fruit as well as tea, coffee and fruit juices.The hotel's nearest U-Bahn train station is only a couple of minutes walk away, and is approx. 5 stops from Alexanderplatz which seems to be one of the most central areas of the city. There is a TV tower in Alexanderplatz; for 9 euro 50, you can go up to the cafe, which is worth doing, you can see for miles. It is worthwhile getting to the tower early, however, as there is generally a queue.It was our third time in Berlin [the second at Frankfurter Alee Hotel], so had seen the 'touristy bits' ie Checkpoint Charlie before but it was great to still walk around -must have walked miles every day.all in all, it was a great stay, and would certainly consider going to this hotel again.

Excellent Just returned from a weekend in Madrid where we stayed at the Senator Gran Via Hotel. This hotel is excellent in every respect. The location is very central to Puerto del Sol, Plaza Mayor, Gran Via Street.The hotel staff are friendly, english speaking and extremely helpful with restaurant bookings and advice.Our room was on a top floor with a large balcony overlooking Gran Via. The room has everything you could possibly need and yes the mini bar is free and is stocked up daily. The beds were very comfortable and they even give you the option of various types of pillows!I cannot fault this hotel in any way.The area is well policed but beware of pickpockets in restaurants where they will sit behind you with a large coat over the back of their chair in an attempt to relieve you of your bag! Can highly recommend the Madrid Cathedral bar for an excellent lunch for - you won't believe the lunch you get.

Enjoyed it all The view from our room

Very relaxing...would go again! My husband and I and three other couples went from Dec 26-Jan 2nd and we had a wonderful time. For the amount paid, this was well worth it!!!In General--The beach was beautiful, and there were lots of sun chairs to be had. The pool was decent...a little crowded, but you can go to a pool anywhere! The beach was where we spent most of our time. There were no mosquitos, as some other reviews had warned against. No bug spray needed! The rooms were clean and exactly as pictured in online photos. Very comfortable, everything worked. Food--you definitely need to book your a la cartes immediately upon arrival. They book up very quickly...especially if you are a large group as we were. We did not end up getting into the Japanese one. The buffet was just ok...but I prefer a la carte dining. For breakfast, go to the restaurant near the beach...much less crowded and has the best porridge ever (so says my husband) with all of the breakfast things you could want. There is a GREAT place by the pool that makes rotisserie chickens and wood fired pizza (along with other) all day long...we ate lunch here EVERY day...it was so good! If you sweet talk Juan, the pizza maker, you can get your pizza customized how you like. Staff--I found the staff very friendly, and most spoke at least a little English if you needed something. Not in the gift shops though...be prepared for no english at all. Unlike some resorts where they clearly say you do not need to tip, if you tip here you get better service. A little annoying, considering it's supposed to be 'all inclusive' but whatever...I don't know if this is a place I would take young children...it didn't seem like there was much for them to do. Maybe I just missed it...The grounds within the complex were BEAUTIFUL! They have an oasis of all types of tropical plants and trees with pathways going throughout...very lovely.You can snorkel right within the swimming area and see lots of tropical fish! Steal some buns from the buffet at breakfast and take them out with you...the fish will come from everywhere. We also did the half day 'reef explorer' excursion. If you like snorkeling, this was great! You also get to swim with sting rays and nurse sharks. Well worth the $90. For what we wanted, it was a perfect place. If you are looking to go and relax for a few days this is a great resort to consider. We would go again!

a gem -want to go back We stayed here for 2 nights to break up our return journey to uk from nz. We arrived about 11.00 and were able to check in straight away. The staff could not have been more helpful. Yes it is a business hotel bu we felt right at home.The bar manager was very friendly and came over to the table where we ate prior to the theatre to make sure we were ok. Advice on restaurants was given; the proximity to cable cars, shops and touristy things was fantastic.

Good and Bad GOOD POINTS.Great Hotel , Friendly staff no problem with communication.Premium drinks Great choice at Buffet.Big pools no problem getting a bed.Beautiful Beach.BAD POINTSRooms are a little tired.Not exactly 24 hrs .The sports bar stays open until 04.00 with a few snacks.Not all Theme restaurants open every evening at least 2 closed every night.Food not hot in the Buffet Cold food being put out (I advised the Chef that the fresh new dish of chips were cold,very helpful, he took away my plate came back in 5 minutes with hot hard burnt chips ?}One pool swim up bar closed for the 2 weeks we were there.Constant drilling as the Theater was being dug up ,hence shows were in the lobby bar, meaning there were few seats, very busy bar and this meant no where to sit and talk.Sun bed covers very grubby, beautiful sand ruined by guests to lazy to use an ash tray, and I smoke.FOOD POISONING on the 2nd day of holiday meant a miserable few days in the room cramp vomiting and diharea could not eat the food or enjoy the Alcohol for the rest of our holiday and spending nearly all my time on the toilet.despite just drinking fluids , and a 24 hour stay in the HOSPITAL. on drips anti biotics etc.Great experience.!Perhaps I was unlucky but other people suffered bad stomachs,I am a experienced traveler and have never been so ill before. The Hotel has a lot to offer but I had a miserable time, apart from the great people you meet whilst on holiday.

goofy lobby and overpriced The first cool corner room was surrounded by claustrophobic condos. We changed to one that had a very nice Diamond Head view and partial ocean view, The lobby is small with a wierd assortment of furniture.There was continuous rock n roll music in the lobby, the one elevator and the dining room. It seemed they were trying to be a hip nightclub catering to the 20-30 year olds. I found $400-500/night really overpriced. The dinner at THe Diamond Grill was delicious and definitely the highlight. Complements to the chef. I would return for dinner ONLY.

great place Date: March 7, 8 10We had a lovely time at the Hotel Plaza Mayor. We stayed in room 503, a wonderful room at the front of the building on the 5th floor. A big room (for Madrid standards) with two big windows that opened and we could look out on the little square (Plaza Santa Cruz, I think it was?) to see everything going on. While there was no airconditioning, the room cooled off very nicely with just opening the windows.This hotel is not on Plaza Mayor actually but 1 block away, which meant that things quieted down quite nicely after 11 p.m., and also being up high meant we had less street noise. It is a small intimate hotel, and we really liked that.The staff could not have been more helpful with directions, suggestions for dinner, and help with the luggage. We actually left some luggage at the hotel when we went to Toledo one day. We stayed overnight in Toledo. When we came back to the hotel, they had us in the same room that we liked and our luggage all ready.The only reason I did not give this a 5 spot ranking is that we would have liked to have a drink when we got back after sightseeing, and relax a bit. But their little bar was closed, and the foyer of the hotel was underconstruction. The breakfast room was pleasant, and the breakfast while adequate was too expensive for what we got. We learned to have breakfast at a little cafeteria just around the corner. The carpet of our room was never vacuumed which I though odd and mentioned it at the front desk. They said they had plans to replace it. But everything was great apart from that. We felt very safe there day and night. This was helped by the fact that there was a big police presence in the square at all hours. We found out when we watched TV that an International Conference on Terrorism was being held in Madrid and one of the venues was a conference building about 300 ft. away on our little square! Political leaders from all over the world were attending! Then we understood why there were so many police directing traffic, standing around, and moving cars on the little square!We took the metro at Puerta del Sol and went everywhere. It was so easy to use. We loved the Prado - spent all day there and didn't see it all. We could have spent a second day at the Prado, but went to the Reina Sofia which was also wonderful.

very good We stayed at the Hotel Continental Palacete on March 4 5, 2005.The location is ideal and very close to the Ramblas but in the better section of town just north of the Ramblas, and we felt absolutely safe there day or night. The Block of Discord was just around the corner and Casa Mila only 10 minutes walk away. The standard room we had was curiously shaped, squeezed in behind the reception desk and one of the public rooms, and and looked out on the street. There was no airconditioning, probably because the locals think that March is winter and aircon is not needed. Opening windows was not an option because of street noise. The hotel was beautiful and since I love old buildings I was delighted with the ambiance and decor. The little elevator is nice because I have artificial knees and could not manage the grand staircase although I admired it very much.The all day and night buffet was wonderful, and we made good use of it. The practise in Spain of late dinners was different for us, but we comfortably went sightseeing and had something at the buffet before freshening up and going out to dinner.If we go to Barcelona again I would stay here absolutely, but I would ask for one of their standard rooms in the back which do not have the street noise and have private small courtyards, and are the same price. The location and wonderful decor of this hotel make it a very good choice.

Nice Hotel, a few problems The check-in was very smooth and pleasant, the room was large with quaint windows opening to the streets, the bath was large and comfortable. We had 2 issues with this hotel, the first that we could hear the people next to us whisper and talk, we could hear their t.v. shows, we called the front desk and were told that the person in that room (which didn't have a number, it was the connecting room to ours) was a regular and that is where he wanted to stay. They offered for us to move, even though we were there a day before this person. We chose to stay and made our own noise in hopes they would move!Our other MAJOR issue was that we wanted to order a pizza from a local restaurant and have it delivered. They were helpful in our selections; however, when the pizza arrived, they didn't call our room as instructed. After about 1 hour of searching for this pizza that was supposedly delivered over 30 minutes prior, we had to go search for the pizza as it was never delivered to our room.The location was quite a distance from most attractions and shopping so we did have quite a walk or required a cab.There was nothing special this hotel offered to justify the high price and/or high rating.

Not Impressed I was very disappointed in the quality of the room they gave us. Not only was there water stains in several locations of the carpeting, the a/c unit leaked profusely thru the room, the television had to be replaced, and the complimentary fruit they left in our room had rotten items. The decor was old and not just in the historic sense, and my companion and I both experienced extreme itching on our legs both days at this hotel. We had to either assume we were both allergic to their detergent or possible bed bugs. We never had this issue at any other hotel prior nor any after. We stopped into the bar after dinner and although there were at least 6 others sitting, there was not a bar tender present until someone finally complained to the concierge upon which the hotel manager stepped in. My next experience was while I was frantically trying to use the internet to change my flights after the London bombings. There was a lady using the internet for hours to check her email. After discussing how much longer she would be, I found she wasn't even a guest at the hotel! She walked in off the street and needed to use a computer.On a postive note, the concierge went above and beyond to help in any way possible during our trip.

Enjoyed the Rex My husband and I spent Thanksgiving week in San Francisco at The Hotel Rex and couldn't have been more pleased. The staff, from the concierge to the maid, was welcoming and friendly and always remembered who we were. They were helpful, knowledgable and prompt with our requests, whether they were for ice or directions or retrieving our car from the garage.The cozy bar with complimentary evening wine and good morning coffee was a great place to begin and end our day, and on the weekend there was live jazz to start our evening. The hotel restaurant was intimate and charming, and the food was good and reasonably priced for San Francisco.We were also pleasantly surprised by the rooms and decor. This was not a 'cookie-cutter' hotel. The rooms reminded me of a sophisticated and hip city apartment from the40's or 50's complete with nice art on the walls and a cd player and cd's of San Francisco jazz artists. Our room was small and cozy, the linens crisp and fresh and the bathroom sparkling--a great place to retreat after a day in the city.We were not looking for a 'Four-Seasons' experience, either in price or ambiance. We wanted to experience something unique and memorable in the heart of downtown with easy access to public transit that wouldn't break the bank. The Rex was perfect for us.I have already recommended the Rex to friends traveling to San Francisco in February, and I would not hesitate to recommend it to anyone looking to enjoy a creative fingerprint on the hotel world.

Great hotel, bit too far away Stayed here in October 06. This was a really nice, clean, modern and fairly new hotel. The rooms were small and the bathroom tiny but who needs a huge room when you're really just sleeping here at night and sightseeing by day! It was always immaculate and clean and we even had cookies to welcome us, in the room.The hotel has an excellent view of HK from the rooftop pool. Its right next to a metro station and tram stops. There are also local shops where you can get food and drinks next door.The hotel is 5 minutes from the shops in Causeway Bay but we really liked being in Kowloon and wished we'd stayed there. The hotel seemed to be a bit far away from the main attractions but with the metro nearby it was only ever 20 minutes at the most.We'd recommend this hotel if on a budget but if you can afford it, there are nicer hotels in HK.

Lush and peaceful Yes, Ubud Hanging Gardens is further away from Ubud Town, so if you want to be near to town throughout your stay in Ubud, then this is not the place for you. But you'll be missing out. The appeal of UHG is that it is quiet, away from it all (but still with all modern luxuries) and set in and around a lush forest. So why not stay at UHG for a few nights, then move to a hotel nearer to town? This is what my boyfriend and I did, and it turned out to be the perfect arrangement.The villa we stayed in at UHG was beautiful, the infinity pool was spectacular and we had no complaints at all about the service or the privacy. We went in the rainy season and the pool was cold in the morning, but once you got in, it was fine. We went swimming every morning in fact. We borrowed their bicycles and cycled around the nearby areas - the scenery was just wonderful and the people so friendly. I'd recommend taking a daytrip to Gunung Kawi (may have misspelt it) - it's by far the best tourist destination we went to in Ubud. If I had to pick one thing for them to improve - it's that the dinners we had at the restaurant were good, rather than very good.

Good-sized clean rooms but service could be improved We booked a standard room at the Villa Mazarin. We found it centrally located (we walked to most of the major tourist sites) and the rooms were decent sized and comfortable. What let it down somewhat for us was the service at the front desk - they were by no means rude, but made you feel like you were bothering them if you asked them any questions. If the service were more personable and efficient, then we would have had no complaints about the Mazarin.

Great Affordable Location in San Francisco What a find. Affordable hotel. Right on Union Square with cable car out front. Walk to everything. Rooms great, staff friendly, small boutique hotel, has food/beverage package which is well worth it. Free internet. Highly recommend.

The Condes was Very Good We stayed at the Condes from 25th July-29th July. After reading some of the reviews, we were a little doubtful, but went for it anyway. Thankfully we were more than satisfied. The room was great (In the new part of the hotel). The best shower I've ever used in a hotel. Some of the reviews say that the reception staff are unfriendly. We found them polite and helpfull. What you have to remember is that this is a city, not a beach or holiday resort hotel. They do not thrust tours, places to visit etc in your face, but if you ask for assistance with maps, places to visit etc they are more than happy to help. From our experience of city breaks most city hotels seem to operate in the same way.Breakfast. Excellent food, all fresh and varied.Eating out. Try and dine at the smaller restaurants tucked away in the side street off Las Ramblas. On our first night we ate at a restaurant on Ramblas and paid 65 euros for 2 beers, a slice of spanish omelette, 2 Greek salads and a chicken pealla. The next 3 nights we ate off the main streets, and had very good food. Hope you find this useful. Enjoy Barcelona, we did.

Hotel is not for teenagers The hotel itself is very nice. The welcome staff who gives out champagne water was very pleasant. The check in clerk was nice, but did not give out cold towels when the people next to me checking had them. The room was a Junior Suite which the hotel was kind enough to make something special for my daughter, who is 12, waiting in our room. The room had no view. The hotel was full due to a wedding over the week-end.We were headed to dinner, and called down for a taxi in 15 minutes, and when we got downstairs, there was no taxi, and we waited another 10 minutes only to get a car which I'm not sure who the driver works for. The funny thing is, we were headed out to dinner around 6:05 pm, and the bellman actually asked if we were walking to the Pier 39 for dinner. I'm not sure about everyone else, but that is a far walk. I run 5 miles 3 times a week, and I still will not walk to Pier 39 in heels especially if we are on our way to dinner.The hotel is really for older generation due to the fact that the swimming pool closed at 9:00 pm among everything else. We had 3 - 12 year old kids, and not a thing to do at the hotel.As for me, this is not the hotel I would ever stay again. First time experience is everything in my book. We do like the Ritz Carlton, but will never stay at the San Francisco Ritz again. We are going back this weekend, and going back to St. Regis where we stayed the other times.Just a note that the concierge at the club lounge jokingly told the 3 kids with me that if they don't behave, then they will be doing dishes for the night. I took this as an insult, and I just told him that I don't think that that is going to happen, and I work too hard in teaching my kids to respect. Like I said the hotel itself is not for teen-age kids.

Great Location, Comfortable Stay, Professional Staff A friend and I just returned from our stay in London - we spent 7 nights at the Chesterfield Mayfair, and we couldn't have been happier. The hotel is tucked into the charming neighborhood streets of Mayfair, within easy walking distance to many fine pubs and restaurants - we were a quick cab ride to Harrods, Oxford St. and the London Eye - for those interested in taking the tube, it's a quick 5 minute walk to the closest stop - go for it.The staff was amazingly helpful, and just as charming as the location, we felt completely at home - and often enjoyed drinks in the hotel bar after dinner.Probably more in sync with couples traveling w/out kids, perfect for the business traveler.

Loved every minute I went to secrets for my honeymoon which we booked through apple vacations which I highly recommend. Everyroom is the same king size bed , huge bath tub( you can watch t.v. while you are in it), and a room for the toliet and shower. We originally had a garden view room, but upon our arrival we gave the check in guy a 20.00 tip (which is 80 pesos) to upgrade our room! We wound up with a first floor ocean view room which looked out at the gazebo. The resort is so beatiful and I would not stay anywhere else while visiting Punta Cana. For one, we went on an excursion (swimming with the sharks) and we met alot of nice people from other resorts and we heard so many horror stories like at one hotel you have to call and get picked up by golf cart if you want to go to the main building which has the resturants because from the room is a 1 mile walk, or that some rooms didn't have A/C!! The ride from the airport for me wasn't that great but it was well worth it! ( I literally got home from the reception, changed and grabbed our luggage and went straight to the airport for my first out of country trip and airplane ride) If I had some sleep and wasn't exhausted I probabally would have actually enjoyed the ride. Food there is great, Just don't drink the water, also, note that no matter where you go outside of the U.S. that food may different bacteria that our stomachs are not used to!! Not that the food is contaminated or anything, just understand that if someone comes to the U.S. from Punta Cana there stomachs may have the same reaction to our food!! Check out their website it is everything that it says it is and more. If you are a gambler the casino is very small, a few card tables, maybe 10 slot machine and a roulette table

Terrific Weekend Stay We stayed here iin late May as we were attending a wedding reception at the hotel. The front desk was very cordial and helpful. We arrived shortly after noon due to an early flight arrival. They were able to give us several room choices and we relaxed on the grounds. Enjoyed the cocktails in the evening and breakfast on the deck. The room, facing the courtyard, was large and comfortable. We were far from the front area, but like that so we could take a walk. Beautiful, well maintained grounds. We sat around the pool and although did not swim, we enjoyed all of what was going on. This hotel is easy to find and close to the freeway. We have not stayed at an Embassy Suite before, but after this nice experience would check it out.

Wonderful this hotel is pricey but definitely worth it. Everything about it is luxurious, gorgeous room, very comfortable and the most amazing bathroom I've ever seen. There is a gym and a pool in the hotel and the piano upstairs which has great views of Tokyo and appeared in the film Lost in Translation. Would definitely recommend this for a special occasion or for a treat!

Top class service and great views. My husband and I had both lived and travelled in Australia as backpackers and wanted our return to Sydney on our honeymoon to be special.Our travel agent got us a great deal in the Four Seasons and we couldnot refuse. (altho we later discovered that there had been a mix up and the booking agent got the price wrong and it should have been dblwhat we paid put they picked up the excess!)We arrived into Sydney and got the express train down to Circular Quay and strolled over to the hotel (probably the only ones ever to do so). We were very early to arrive but there was not a mention of this and we were checked in immediately. We were told we had a city view room, we enquired about upgrading as given the location you justhad to have a room overlooking the harbour. We were told it would be $25 to upgrade (not made clear if this was p/n or pppn we were too embarrassed to ask) but decided to go for it. We got the full talk about the hotel and all the facilities from the check in staff and really felt like vip's.The room was beautiful and definitely luxury but very very small, but when you opened the window to take in the view it didn't matter about the size of the room. With the Opera House on one side and the Bridge on the other we were taken away by the beauty, having spent many a day at the harbour dreaming as a backpacker we never thought we would be returning in style!The service was exceptional everywhere especially at the pool. The pool boy was extremely attentive and altho i agree with another reviewer they could do with more chairs you never felt awkward as you waited for one to arrive.We loved Sydney before we arrived at the Four Seasons and now like it even more.ps the upgrade was per room per night - bargin

A bit dated. We had a stop off here on our round the world ticket. We decided to stay 2 nights as most likely it would not be a place we would choose to travel too again.Outrigger was recommended to us and we heard that Duke's was the place to hang out so we decided to stay here.We had a partial sea view room which was nice and big and clean but in need of some modernisation. The bar was a nice place to hang out in the evening watching the sea. Altho there are a lot of other places to hang out too. We did not manage to use the pool either day and it was very noisy and full of children.We found it to be Very American - yes i know it is part of, but it is the place were even Americans go on holiday, we didn't meet any other nationalities. There were alot of groups of teenagers and then you also had your very over friendly college student waiting on your table being over nice to get a bigger tip.....we found it all abit too much and in your face.Hawaii over all was a nice beach resort, the hotel was fine, nothing special. They did give us early check in which was great but i can't see us returning to Hawaii anytime soon.

Clean, affordable and good location - would stay again! Getting a decent hotel in Barcelona within walking distance to the city is difficult but i would totally recommend this one.We flew direct into BCN and there is a bus transfer to the metro and then a change to get you to Arc De Triumph (sp?) Station.look for directions when you get off the train you want the Naples exit toward the bus station, from there it is a 4 mins walk.On arrival the receptionist was very pleasant and check in was very quick. I had requested a floor on the higher level but upon arrival we discovered we had been given a disabled room with a very small/low shower - (my husband is 6'2').we rang reception and they swapped us to a room on the 2nd floor instead.The free mini bar is a great bonus and plenty of toiletries and a hair dryer as standard.It was about a 15mins pleasant walk into town, leaving you at the top of La Ramba. Or 2/3 metro stops.We partied hard so did not use any of the facilities, eat or drink in the hotel but it did look all very welcoming and clean.i would definitely stay here again and recommend it to friends.

Pure Luxury - Highly Recommended great idea

great hotel outside Tin Hau MTR

perfect in every way the lobby

Great for what we needed On a return trip from a bad vacation, our plane was late to the Miami airport, and as a curtosey to us all, our airline put all displaced passengers up in the Crowne Plaza for the evening. I noticed that some of the reviews were not so good...but I have to tell you....to us and what we had just gone through with our ending trip....this place was Heaven! I think that bed is probably the most comfortable bed I've ever slept in. Fortunately the hotel has a resturant and we arrived at the hotel about 11pm, all 70 or so of us displaced passengers, and we bombarded the resturant...no problem...everyone was served with a smile. The location is extremely convenient to the airport, and the shuttle is helpful too.I did not notice any airport noise during our stay and our room was very clean, neat and updated. We would stay here again.

Could have been better I really wanted to like this hotel as it had a cool lobby, nicely appointed rooms, and a good location, but there were a few spots that they could improve upon. The restaurant was closed for renovation, which we did not know until checking in. This was a real disappointment and this meant there was also no room service. The hallway I was on had a strong incense-like smell that was not pleasant. It appears no one had cleaned under our beds in quite awhile: definite dust bunnies or something and an empty water bottle. I did like that you receive a free bottle of water upon check-in; it's a nice touch. Two windows in the room were already opened when we got up to the room so there just seems to be a lack of attention to detail in the housekeeping department. Parking prices were quite reasonable and the valet service was welcomed. There is a good little dessert spot down the street named David's.

Great Location in New Orleans Prince Conti Hotel is a great location in the French Quarter of New Orleans. It is within a block of Bourbon Street. I was there just before Christmas and during the week. It was quiet but may be noisy on the week ends. You can walk to everything in the quarter. The service was excellent in the hotel. They upgraded us without a problem. The maid service was very accomadating of our requesting a late room clean. Our suite was very spacious and clean. The staff even took care of getting us a cab for the ride back to the airport.

Fantastic surprise! I stayed at the Sofitel to break up a business trip and I couldn't have been more pleased with the change of pace that the Sofitel offered. The furnishings are refreshingly modern and my room was fantastic. It was extremely quiet with plenty of space. The beds are soft and perfect for sleeping in. The bathroom was fantastic with a glassed in shower and nice bathtub with provided robe. I never ever feel comfortable enough to take a bath in hotels - but didn't hesitate in this hotel. Wish I could have extended my stay here and is one of the few hotels in DC that I will continue to keep booking. Perfect location - within walking distance to the Old Ebbitt Grill for dinner and close enough for walking to the White House and the monuments. Also, my room ended up being the handicap accessible room and it had a doorbell and extra shower without a step-up.

Good new hotel at fantastic price Myself and my husband have just returned from Hong Kong, and checked into this hotel 3 times,as we had a couple of side trips staying over in Macau and Tokyo. Can only repeat what the previous reviewers have said about this hotel. The first room we checked into was a great surprise as we hadn't expected much at this price range - it was their cheapest room as we were arriving late at night and leaving early next morning. Good clean room, nice furnishings, fluffy white towels and bathrobes, and a great comfy bed. Checked in again 2 nights later, again for just one night, to a room with a view of the harbour, much bigger, with a small sofa as well. The manager came across to speak to us while checking in, and was very welcoming, giving us his card in case we had any problems so that we could speak to him personally. Happy to say that there was nothing the staff could have done to make our stay any better. Third time we stayed for 4 nights,corner room, great view of the harbour, smaller than the first 2 rooms, but still not a bad size.Lounge access well worth the extra money, chef asked us every morning if he could cook anything special for us the next morning, he seemed concerned that we didn't eat much for breakfast thinking we didn't like the food on offer! We have never been asked this before in HK, not even in the Hyatt or the Langham!The area is not smart or upmarket by any means, but we did not feel uncomfortable at any time walking around. Buses and trams are nearby and leave every couple of minutes into Central. Taxis take about 5 mins into Central District for approx HKD20, or SoHo and Staunton Street for approx HKD25. This hotel and it's staff are obviously trying very hard to make a success of this business, and if they keep up this level of service, they deserve to succeed.We go to HK on a regular basis as our son lives over there, and usually stay at one the large 5 star hotels, great hotels,with great facilities,fantasic if you spend much time in the hotel- but if you are out all day and all you need is a good room with good service, give it a try - there are plenty of places in Hong Kong to spend the money on that you will save by staying here.

Hop on 69X We just returned from 4 nights stay at Le Meridien Cyberport. The hotel design was really modern, and we really enjoyed the big space of the room. And we didn't have any problem with the location, since the hotel located exactly next to bus terminal. Just hop on to light bus no. 69X and it will bring you to the heart of Causewaybay(not far from Sogo). And not to mention it's much cheaper than taking a shuttle bus provided by the hotel. Overall, I would say Le Meridien Cyberport it's one of the best hotel that we have ever stayed in Hong Kong

good for th price I stayed the hoxton on my last visit to London, it was a bit out of the way compared to where I normally stay. The hotel was very modern and a nice enviroment, the staff were very friendly. The room was really nice and modern I loved staying in this hotel. The ony downside was the noise as the bar downstairs gets really busy and the music doesnt stop till the early hours. All in all it was a lovely hotel nice staff nice place to eat but very noisy after a long day shopping!

wonderful - luxury - dreamy george v - inside the elevator

A wonderful resort I had us booked at another resort, but after reading reviews on TripAdvisor about that resort (i.e. smoking EVERYWHERE) I contacted our travel agent and got us booked at the Majestic. I have been to almost a dozen all-inclusives in the Caribbean now and this one was one of the very best. We arrived by way of Miami. This is fine going, but I highly advise against it for the return flight, as I will discuss later in the review. Our flight was out of Baltimore and it is a very easy trip to DR. Thanks to TripAdvisor reviews, we weren't surprised by the thatch huts that make up the airport, and we also knew to avoid/ignore the throngs of taxi drivers. We simply looked for the sign of our tour company and got our transfer to the resort. The transfer was effortless and in about 1/2 hour, we were at our resort for check-in. There were no rum punch drinks offered to us like I read about in other reviews, but we didn't care. There was a line, but it moved at a decent pace. When we checked in, there were 3 of us and 3 rooms. 2 of us had our rooms ready and it was very quick, but one of us they could not find. Not a problem as they got the manager in a few Dominican minutes and he got a room for the third person. Be warned - of all the places I've been, the ability of the locals to speak English here is the worst. I highly suggest a phrase book or some translation software for your PDA if you want to have any real hope of communicating with the vast majority of the staff. We always got by and we all laughed as we tried to understand eachother, but I can imagine that if you ever had a real issue or problem in this country, the language barrier would be a significant hurdle. The grounds and the resort are exactly as pictured. The rooms are amazing and just like the pictures. We requested upgrades, but as the resort was booked, we didn't get them. No worries. The standard rooms were great. And even though it says on their website that room service is only included with the upgraded rooms, we had room service each morning for our meetings and there was no charge. No problems with electricity (the outlets look wierd, but are fine for our gadgets) plenty of hot water, toilets worked great. The rooms are entirely marble and wood. Very beautiful. We could not get the cable internet in the rooms to work for us, but the wireless in the lobby worked great and was very fast. There is an internet cafe up past the casino and it charges $5 per 1/2 hour and you get a code so what you don't use one day, you can use another. 2 of us were in building 3 looking out into the gardens and a third was in building 1 looking out at the neighboring resort. All of us were happy. I could see where building 4 might not have been great as there is much construction along that side of the resort. The pool is just spectacular and really is the crown jewel of this resort. It spans the entire length of the resort. There is an area for activities and then areas of quiet. Although the activities on the beach in the morning disturb the quiet of the one end of the pool, it is over in about 1 hour and after that, it's pretty quiet. The resort itself is a nice size. Not too big, not too small. I hope that doesn't change after the completion of the construction. I've been to monster resorts where you had to get golf carts to get from one part to another, but this one isn't like that. I saw quite a few handicapped persons at this resort and I wonder if this might be due to the size and the plentiful elevators. It is very well suited to wheelchairs and crutches. The food was the best all-inclusive food I've ever had. Understand that all-inclusive resort food is RARELY 5-star cuisine. The sheer volume of the food that has to be prepared each day just makes it impossible that the food is gourmet. But this resort had a great amount of diversity at all restaurants so even picky children would find something. Try the chocolate cake. I've rarely ever found deserts in the Caribbean to be good, but the chocolate cake was fabulous. The main buffet is a huge dining hall. A bit noisy. The beach resaurant was very good and had a great variety to choose from. Very few bugs anywhere. Did get bit a couple times sitting out on the balcony after sunset, but not sure by what because I never felt them or heard them. We didn't do the nightlife. We were on a corporate retreat so after working all morning and then enjoying the sun all afternoon, we were pretty tired at the end of the day. The specialty restaurants are good. We had no problem with reservations. The people are very friendly, but I noticed that in this country, you generally must make the first move. And I also noticed that they seem to mirror the attitude that you have when you make the first move. I made a conscious effort to be very happy and upbeat to everyone of the staff and that was exactly the attitude that I got in return. Consequently, I also took a lot of time and watched people and saw that those who were grouch in the morning, or who spoke to them with disrespect, got the same in return. Dominicans are a hard working and proud people, so be sure to appreciate that and show that appreciation and you will be rewarded. I was appalled by how some of the customers spoke to the staff and found it hard on several occassions not to say something. And I found it to be across the nationalities and not just the Ugly American. The nice thing about this resort is that there did seem to be little riff-raff. I've been to some resorts where it seemed like every freak in a trailer park who could scrape together $599 was there. This isn't one of those places (yet). At the prices in the Dominican, I'm surprised there isn't more of a Greyhound bus feel, but so far, so good. Another nice thing is that smoking is not allowed in certain areas, so if you are like me and get headaches or upset stomach from second hand smoke, you won't be bothered by it. The beach is beautiful but the surf when we were there was quite rough. Don't know if that is a regular thing, but I prefer the more shallow and placid Caribbean waters. There was even a strong undertow, so be careful if you are traveling with little ones. We went scuba diving one day. Somewhat disappointing. The visability wasn't great, but even if it was, there wasn't much to see. It was brown and dead as far as coral went. The fish were beautiful, but nothing spectacular. The dive boat is basically just a dinghy. Getting back into the boat, especially with big swells and rought seas was very difficult. One of us has bad shoulders so getting back into the boat was almost impossible. We did see a HUGE eel and that was a great experience. But we only went on one dive since we just weren't impressed with the first experience. We didn't do any of the organized excursions off the resort, but I did speak to a gentleman and his 12 year old son. They had done the dune buggy trip. They really enjoyed it and the 12 year-old especially enjoyed the 4 layers of mud he had encrusted on himself when he got back!! One of us got a killer massage in the spa. He just raved about Juana and how good her massage was. He said it was the best of his life. Based on his recommendation, I would suggest asking for Juana by name if you want a great massage. Be sure to take some 1's or 2's for tips. The staff at this resort are very hard working and certainly deserve it. The minibar has a 2 beer per day limit, but I just left a note that said 4 mas cervasas, por favor and a couple dollars and I always got what I wanted. The beds are very firm. If you are used to a soft pillow top mattress, you are probably going to end the week with a stiff back. We drank the water, ate salads, fruit, etc. One of us got an upset stomach one night, but we don't really think that had anything to do with the food since we all ate and drank the same stuff and he was the only one who got an upset stomach. I had an upset stomach one night too, but I think that was because I had a few too many pina coladas in the pool! Victor at the swimup bar is great and he keeps the drinks coming. Be sure to take a floaty if you like them since they are $13 in the gift shop. And be sure to take an insulated mug since the drinks (alcoholic and non) come in little 6/8 oz cups and the mugs in the gift shop are $12. We have Verizon cell phones and had no problems receiving or making calls. You don't have to dial a country code, just dial normally with the 1 and then the area code. And we even were able to send and receive email on our cell phones too. We did have a problem with reception in certain places. In our rooms, the reception was terrible (maybe because of all the marble and concrete) but out in the open or on our balcony there was no problem. Oh, one last thing; try NOT to have a layover in Miami!!!! I don't know if it is this way everywhere, but we had to go through customs and immigration (which was fine) but once you do that, you then have to go through security ALL OVER AGAIN!!!! When you are tired and hungry, this isn't exactly a welcome surprise. I have no idea why we had to do that since we had already been through security in the Dominican and the customs and immigration areas were highly secure. From now on, it's direct flights for me!!! Well, I think that is everything. Our trip was exactly what we expected thanks to the advice we got on TripAdvisor so I hope that this review helps someone else.

More Than Pleasant Dreams Flamingo

Better than expected The pictures available in the Internet are not exactly what you find there. However, it is well located, fair price, clean. They can enhance the quality of the bedclothes and pillows. Additional fees are parking (USD 10) and safe (USD 1). The only thing that I consider bad was the shower, which we have to waste long time because the water flow is very, very weak. I recommend, and I would stay there again.

Excellence is Excellente' bed by the beach

5-Star...no way! We were recommended this hotel and one other by the friendly airport hotel desk. Since the price difference was only 8 euro, my husband asked the differences between the two. We were told the Steigenberger was a 5 star, closer to the airport and had a nice spa/pool area so that is what we chose. Similar to other reviews, we found the hotel staff to be extremely rude. The room was okay; the pool area average. The hotel is typical of any other airport hotel find in the States. Nothing about this hotel warrants a 5-star rating. We also ate at the adjacent hotel buffet which was horrible and my husband let them know it. It still makes me sick to see the $89 charge on my credit card bill. It was a shame that was our last meal in Germany before returning to the home.The only positive thing about this hotel is the location and shuttle to the airport.

Loved it! We stayed here for 5 nights we couldn't fault the place. The location was excellent, check in was easy, staff were attentive the attention to detail was second to none. I would recommend Jurys in Boston 100% would use the hotel again if I were to return to Boston in the future.

Lovely Hotel with great staff I really loved this hotel, the location was great - right slap bang in the middle of Fishermans Wharf, just across the road from Ghirardelli Square. We were warned away from staying in the wharf as it is so touristy so we were slightly worried before we got there but no need, the Wharf IS full of tourists but then so is most of SF! We felt like there was plenty to do in the area plus we felt safe there too. The Argonaut was beautiful, the room was spacious and cleaned to perfection everyday. We had everything we could possibly need, coffee maker, toiletries, iron, ironing board etc etc. The staff were super helpful very well informed. The only problem is the restaurant attached to the hotel, which in my opinion is awful and really lets down the Argonaut. We had dinner breakfast in the restaurant and both times had to send some of the food back, as did a lot of people we noticed. The are plenty of other places to eat though in the Wharf so there is not need to eat in the hotel restaurant anyway. I would really recommend the restaurant opposite to the Argonaut, also Ciopinos is great too.

Loved it! We've just come back and simply loved the hotel. We upgraded late to Executive and it was worth every penny -just 45 euros per ROOM. Fantastic food and drink all through the day, all within the upgrade cost, and exceptional service. Downstairs bar staff a bit laid back but overall level of helpfulness was outstanding. Our room was really just a little small for two people, but we loved the wonderful white cotton bedding (changed each day) and the incredible attention to detail. Apart from the sleping area there was a computer work station and an excellent double bathroom together with more than ample wardrobe space. We had dinner in the restaurant one evening and the food was outstanding. Additionally the airport bus(109) stops yards from the hotel entrance and the U-Bahn stop is also moments away. It was extremely quiet yet its position could not be bettered for shops and public transport. It proved to be excellent value for money and certainly added to the pleasure of our few days in this extraordinary city.

Wonderful little resort! View from our veranda

Neat hotel, but we had some issues I am a corporate travel agent and I love good hotels. I was very excited to stay at the W Dallas Victory. Unfortunately, it did not live up to my expectations.We arrived and entered the lobby. The girl that checked us in was great! She was very friendly and not snobby at all. (We didn't exactly look like the cream of society, having been bird watching all day) When she was taking information from me the music was so loud she kept having to have me repeat myself. She said she always had problems with it and the later it got the louder it got. She did give me some recommendations on food and told me about the bars.We went up to our room, which was a very odd set up. As others have said, you walk through the bathroom to get into the main part of the room. I found that a bit off putting. The bathroom is very nice, but.... The bath is also open onto the room, though there are drapes you can draw. That didn't appeal to me at all. The sleeping part of the room was really nice. The bed was great, with wonderful pillows. There was a really nice chaise lounge and a plasma screen tv. I did notice that the duvet looked like a cat had walked across it, picking some of the threads with its claws. We had trouble with a lot of noisy partyers on our floor. Also,we are early to bedders, and at about 11PM there was a knock on our door. My husband answered it and someone said they had the pillow we had asked for. We didnt ask for a pillow. The final blow was when we went to check out. We had valet parked the car and they couldnt find my key! It took about 20 minutes to get the car. Over all the location is good. I like the chic modern style and the staff was very nice. I think that we were just there on a bad night, but I will have a hard time recommending this hotel to my clients.

Our Honeymoon It's taken us a while to write the review to family problems upon our return to the UK but here it is at last...This was our second holiday at Excellence Punta Cana and we chose to come again as we knew we would have a superb honeymoon after our first trip which was amazing.Firstly, anyone from the UK who comes here will want to upgrade to premium on the plane. We flew economy the first time and premium this time and it makes the world of difference on leg room, recline on seats and service which is all important on such a long flight.Get a taxi from the airport, the journey takes an hour and would take longer on the tour operator coach. People complain about the roads but in the 12 months between our stay they have improved dramatically, we have been told that the problem is the rain which is so heavey it takes the tarmac out of the pot holes within days of them being filled in. the new motorway is also being built which will make the world of difference once completed.The resort has a range of restaurants which I am sure you will have read about. Our comment is based solely upon our experience. On several occasions we tried to eat at the pizzaria and waited upto 20 minutes without seeing a member of staff so never did try it. The food is more than good and varied, I think my husbands favourite was probably the langostines in chez isabelle.Rooms- Clean, tidy, maid service varied in timing so was awkward to avoid when taking a trip back to the room. They kindly upgraded us to an excellence room but this was not really different to the standard room except for the additional mini bar facilities.We did have a few problems whilst there and were disappointed, not because they happened but purely because there was no explanation from staff or apology,it was simply ignored.In short, the resort was undergoing some minor construction work (we werent advised of this when booking) and there were several power cuts in the second week of our stay. these were generally over half an hour in length and on more than one occasion lasted several hours. This wouldn't have been a problem except the toilets and running water rely on the electricty to function and even staff were flumoxed as they were washing the floors with pond water!We would strongly recommend taking a day trip to the animal adventure park and upgrading your package to trainer for a day this is still under per person and you get to swim with sea lions, sharks and rays. You also get to train the sea lions, parrots, hold a monkey, snakes and sit with a full sized tiger in her enclosure! This day trip was probably the highlight of our stay (please ask for photos if you want an idea of how close you can get). The service there was superb they spoke multiple languages very well and were extremely friendly and knowledgeable.Overall I would recommend this resort, the staff are friendly and helpful and we will probably go back again.But will be trying the playa riviera resort next year for our anniversary as we have already been here twice.P.s spannish lessons are best when Franklin is about and the Kafe cafe bar was great in the evenings with jose.

Wonderful hotel The staff was friendly and helpful. My daughter is a runner, so it was great to be right on the Arno River, where she could safely run along the river and across the bridges to the other side. The breakfast buffet was extensive and delicious--we esp. loved the variety of fresh fruit--and the buffet room was lovely. Our room had beautiful murals painted on the walls. The room and bathroom were very large.

not such paradise at the paradisus 3 teenagers and 2 adults at paradisus, punta cana, last week in december 2005. the grounds are beautiful.that is the really good news. the not so great news is that i think they were overwhelmed with the big holiday week. the buffets were pretty much inedible. for the most part the staff was pleasant and friendly. mostly, we stayed on the beach from 8:00 am til around 5:00. the breakfast was very good, but it was buffet, so don't expect a nice hot breakfast. figure on lukewarm. the mexican restaurant was very good. i enjoyed the seafood, and most had chicken fajitas. this was probably a favorite for all of us. the chinese restaurant was very good, too. i had the lobster with ginger and leeks and although a little too salty for my taste, the lobster was plentiful and very good dish. the other's had chicken or shrimp dishes or vegetarian. again, all enjoyed their meals. at the italian restaurant we all liked our meals as well. we ate there twice. there are some real problems with the restaurant situation. first, the restaurants are all very, very small. there is limited seating in all of them. there are reservations in only 2-the french and japanese(we did not even attempt these). so, in order to get a table without having to wait an hour and a half outside a restaurant of your choice you have to get there early. restaurants open at around 6:30/7:00-not sure. now, the second problem is that even though reservations are not accepted at the restaurants, there is an exclusive group known as Royal Service that is very well treated-for a price! this includes reservations-which we found out by our third day-since we could not figure out how so many tables were filled up so early in the evening. i am not against exclusivity, but i wish paradisus/my travel agent would have mentioned this to me before we left. we learned that it would cost an additional $60 per day per person to have a few benefits-but we opted not to . we heard the steak house was good, but my husband felt a little leary about the meat because he had the steak on the second night and it did not taste like a ruth's chris steak, it just had a funny taste, so we did not go there. the buffet lunch was ok. we are foodies and i do expect a lot. i heard that the paradisus had good food and compared to some other all inclusive's we have been to, it wasn't that bad. the rooms were very tired looking and were in need of updating and some TLC. there were cobwebs in our closet and the ceiling in the bathroom leaked. we had two rooms for the five of us and both ceilings leaked. the toilet did not always flush and of course i made calls for these repairs probably two times for each and no one showed up. then the phone stopped working and i called from the other room and told them that they had to come immediately and they were there within one half hour. that was the only repair made. the rooms definitly need refreshing. the staff was friendly and pleasant for the most part. margarita, our waitress in the chinese restaurant was darling and she was a real treat. my masseuse at the spa was elizabeth pena and she was very good. i think this is probably one of the better all inclusive's in punta cana and a new paradisus opened this week as well, so maybe they are putting all of their energies into that one instead.

relaxed at the intercontinental Jin, the front desk clerk,did everything to get us a very nice room with a very nice view. he succeeded. the beach was glorious and the staff was very pleasant and friendly, tho' my husband noted that once a staff member was not at their job, they were not very friendly, as opposed to what we find at other caribbean destinations, where smiles and hi are the norm. but at their posts they are a very friendly staff. the rooms are very nice, clean and modern, but very much a typical hotel room. our view from the 14th floor was awesome. we had breakfasts and lunches at the intercontinental. dinners we went next door to the el san juan. the italian restaurant was fabulous-we ate there 3 nights, lobster risotto was out of this world. the mexican restaurant was very good also-10th floor-and with thunder and lightening that night-we were graced with a fabulous light show. we also ate at metropol-a very good puerto rican restaurant. i would have gone back again, but we never had a chance. great island-but san juan proper wouldn't be my first choice with children. this was just a vacation for my husband and me-1st week in november

A Great Little Find We stayed for a week in this lovely hotel, and we would definitely recommend it to others. When booking we requested a twin room with a balcony, and this turned out to be a good move, as we looked in to some other rooms that were not as big as ours. Our room was large with a lovely (little) balcony looking out onto the quiet little street that Gravina is situated on. Even with the door to the balcony open we slept through the night, noise was not an issue. The air-con was so good that we were able to sleep with blankets covering us, even though it never went below 22degrees all week!! The room itself had everything that we needed for a week long stay (although we did notice no tea and coffee making facilites, we are not hot drinks people!) with comfy beds, a big spacious bathroom and a flat screen tv. The room was cleaned every day.Also, the hotel staff were very friendly, greeting us with champagne on arrival and always giving us helpful advice when we asked. The maid was also lovely, and always said hello when we went by! A small piece of advice for anyone that ends up in room 106- the toilet flush will only work when the bathroom light above the mirror is on! We did not have breakfast in the hotel, because we were on quite a strict budget so paid for room-only, but we did have a drink in the bar one night, beware it is rather over-priced!! However we bought breakfast things and drinks from the supermarket two doors down, which is owned by a really nice guy who we made friends with! Aside from that, the hotel is friendly, clean and comfortable, how a 3* should be. Of course if you are expecting luxuries or a honeymoon break then it is possibly not the place, but for a weeks sight seeing in a great location, the hotel greatly exceeded our expectations.

Fantastic This hotel is fabulous. I cannot praise it enough. Even though it is very big, the service was great and the staff were exceptional. The lagoon pool is really pretty and we enjoyed lazing around it with a few dips to cool off. The grounds are kept immaculate and lovely to walk round. The view from the reception area was just amazing. Our guide Putu was brilliant and we had a personalised tour all round the island for the day. My only down comments would be that the beach and sea did not come up to my expectations and we thought the resturant prices were a bit high. Would we go again, most definitely.

Great Time in Boston My boyfriend and I just returned from our weekend stay (Dec. 28th - 30th) in Boston and had a great time!Hotel InfoThe hotel staff was great and we had a room on the 6th floor in the corner that was nice and spacious. It also had a fridge and free internet access which was perfect for us. Very convenient location, which was close to T train station and restaurants (some were expensive). We also like to go dancing so we suggest checking out Saints right down the block from the hotel. Additionally, with the fridge we went to grocery store (Shaws)across the street to get juice and snacks.The breakfast is a bit expensive ranging from $10 to $15 so we preferred to eat cereal in our room (hoping to save some money) or get something in the area.The workout room (not a gym) is a bit small but my boyfriend was able to get a workout. It just can't hold more than 2 or 3 people.Where to eat?We love to eat and had a lovely lunch at Osushi (some of the BEST sushi I have ever had). I would suggest going to Chinatown (you can also get cheaper souveniers at a Washington St store on the way to Chinatown) or Chilli Duck for malaysian or Thai food. Also you can get good seafood near Quincy Market while visiting the freedom trail.All in all, I found Boston very similar to New York and look forward to visiting again.

Wonderful and Relaxing Stay! A view of Condado Beach

The City That Never Sleeps . . . Do you know WHY the city never sleeps???? Because its innumerable skyscrapers generate a colossal amount of refuse--all of which must be compacted . . . slowly . . . late at night . . . by jarringly-noisy garbage trucks. Please read on, because I do love this hotel, but if you stay there, ask for a room that doesn't face the street. Though I was located on the 11th floor behind double-paned windows during this visit, the bewitching-hour garbage runs were a bit disturbing. Now, the good news. This was the second time that I have stayed at the Elysee while leading a tour group. I've never had anything but praise from the more than 40 travelers I have taken there, and I wouldn't hesitate to use the hotel again. (I doubt that even the nearby Waldorf-Astoria or St. Regis have been engineered well enough to drown out those cursed trucks.) The location is superb. The staff is very friendly and accomodating. On both stays, I have had a spacious, immaculate, and very nicely appointed room. As others have noted, the second floor lounge/library space is one of the hotel's most pleasing assets. It is the perfect spot to relax and feel at home for a mid-afternoon break with coffee and a newspaper or for a pre-theatre glass of wine and hors d'oevres. (Bonus: the nearby 21 Club offers a prix-fixe, pre-theatre dinner that is both a memorable experience and a good value.)

Great hotel, great location I did alot of research for a S.F. hotel and was not disappointed. The location is 1 block from Union Square (and some of the best shopping I've ever encountered!), steps from the tourist info. office and 1 block from the cable car. Within an easy walk are numerous tiny restaurants with fantastic food. The hotel is very clean and modern with great curb appeal i.e. you think wow this place looks really nice! It is 32 stories high with great views from the upper floors. Rooms are spacious with a sitting area by the window. The bed was comfortable and there were plenty of fluffy towels. I sure wish we'd been able to find the $50 deal - we paid $139.00, but I was able to get a good deal on worldweb as a $32 breakfast voucher was included for each day which was good on the buffet in the Veranda restaurant or room service. By the way, the hotel has a lovely lounge on the 2nd floor with internet access and continental breakfast available for those who want something lighter. You really can not go wrong with this hotel.

Good hotel - great location. Overpriced though. My friend and I stayed at the Kirketon for a quick weekend girly getaway to Sydney. Nice exterior, very trendy. Location was really handy. We booked an Executive room, which was lucky, because that wasn't huge. But it was fine. Bathrooms were nice, shower was delicious. We like the stereo being the in the room. Bit dissapointing to open our hotel window and be overlooking cooling vents and airconditioners and nothing else. No lift, so you have to clamber up the stairs but that's okay. No room service, but there is a fantastic place just through the other side of the road called Morgans. Really nice. Mini-bar was super-dooper expensive, even by hotel standards.I would stay there again, but would try to find a cheaper rate than $189 pn for exec room, as that was probably overpriced and we could've got a fancier hotel for just slightly more money if we'd booked on Wotif. Again, can't fault the location.Recommend, but know what you're getting.

Great Short Stay at the Westin Times Square Westin Times Square Rm 4429 View 2

4th of July Madness My son and I stayed for the 4th of July to see the Fireworks. The hotel was filled to the fills, with many, many foreigners in the for holiday. The line to checkin went to the door, but did move. We stayed on the 22nd floor in a double-double. It was fine - comfortable clean beds, decent, but not glamerous bathroom. Overlooked 41st Street - not a problem. Comfy chair, desk, flat screen TV. TIP for 4th of July - We thought we would get a bite around 7 pm before the 9 pm fireworks. The street was already packed with people lining up to get through the checkpoints (at 42nd St) to go down by the FDR Drive to see the fireworks. All the nearby restaurants, bars, etc. were filled with waiting lines. We got in line and went down to the river. We stood in amongth thousands of our closest friends behind the chain link fences and jersey walls until 9:30 when the fireworks finally went off. In hindsight, while we were close to the 42nd St. entrance, I would recommend going down near the Seaport for a better view of the fireworks - there are 3 barges in the East River, but we saw it all as one big mash - in the distance. A great disappointment - no music, just a crush. Then made our way back to the hotel - thank goodness it was nearby, but we were thirsy and starving, like everyone else. The line to the restaurant was huge, so we lined up for the bar. Got in, finally, had multiple cold drinks and a small pizza and quesdilla - they were fine. Went to bed. Checkout fine. Don't have to do this again, but if I do, it will be downtown or on someone's downtown roof.

Brilliant Location We stayed for 3 nights. The location is brilliant, merely a few steps to the Duomo and Florence being so manageable on foot, it is centrally located to all the sights we went to (Ponte Vecchio, Uffizi, Accademia etc). It's only a 15 minute walk to the central train station.The hotel is clean and we can't find a fault with it although we wished the bathroom was better lit and the hot water would sometimes gradually turn icy cold in the midst of a shower. Brrrr... Your just have to point the shower head away and wait for it to turn hot again. The weather was cool and sometimes very cold at night during our stay, so we did not require air conditioning or a fan. It was cosy to snuggle up. :)The breakfast is decent considering standard European fare. They had yoghurt, fruit and boiled eggs amongst the normal bread, cereal, coffee/tea and juice. We would stay in this hotel again.

Beautiful Resort!, but he beach...not so much My cousins and I (all girls) stayed at this resort from June 24th to July 1st. This was the closest resort to the airport, it only took us 20 mins by bus to get there. The lobby was immaculate. Beautiful well polished floors and plenty of sofas to lounge around in.Buffet: There are 2 buffets. The Gran Buffet is HUGE!!! Lots of food selection. The smaller one didn't have as big of a selection.A La Carte: We booked for all four, but only went to 2. You pretty much get the same food as the buffet except it takes longer for them to bring it to you. Pool: I've always been against going into the pool when there is a beach in reach, but this pool was GIGANTIC! Beautifully decorated with Palm trees. I preferred the pool to the beach at this resort.Beach: We went during low season so didn;t have trouble finding a hut. The beach was okay except for SEAWEED. Not so much long strands, but short (~4inches) strands of seaweed everywhere. They work very hard to clean up the beach, one guy pushing a wheel barrel, one guy raking and another picking up the piles of seaweed. Also scuba divers removing the seaweed from the ocean floor.Rooms: We did not spend very much time in the rooms. A/C worked fine. We had a room in Villa 6 which was close to the pool and beach but far from the Gran buffet and front reception. Every room has a large bathroom with a big bathtub for 2 which we only used one night.The fridge is restocked everyday with big bottles of water, beer and pop.There is also a hammock on the balcony.Misc Info:-there is a professinal photographer who comes around everyday with something different (parrots, monkey, iguana...) You only have to pay for the pictures you like ($8US each)-if you are calling home to Canada, the phone in the internet room is cheaper to use than buying a phone card ($20 for 24 mins or ~57 cents a minute)-Excursions: we recommend the Bavaro runners. Very good experience. Read more at Bavarorunners.com-Mamajuana= Dominican VIAGARA- BUY THIS AT THE RESORT! It is much more expensive at the airport.-Disco every night from 11pm to 2am. Check out the line dancing too!-Friday the market comes to the resort. Be prepared to bargain! There prices can be marked up by 4 times or more! So if something is $10, offer between $2.50 to $5-If you want to drink from a coconut, there is a little stand down the beach. If you're facing the water, turn left and walk until you see the stand. Most likely someone will pull you over to look at the EXPENSIVE souveniers. Ask them where you can get coconuts and they'll offer to grab it for you . Make sure you settle on a price first! They tried to bully us into paying $5 for EACH coconut. I told them I'd give them $5 for all 4 or I'd just leave. So $5 it was. They'll cut it open for you, just grab a straw from the snack bar or any bar.- We were going to upgrade to the Royal Side, but after seeing our rooms, we decided it wasn't necessary. The regular side also has a swimup bar and everything else you need. If you do want to upgrade, its an extra $25 a night or $20 for 7 days.Things to bring:-sunscreen-mosquito repellant and after bite-thermal mugs-water shoes (the bottom of the ocean can feel really gross)-lots of dollar bills for tipping-camera and charger!, don't bother with the water camera for the beach-its too cloudy.-salt and pepper packets (the ones they have there look really gross)-pepto bismol, tylenol, any other medication you think you might need-big safety pins for your room key, and a key chain for your safe key -sunglasses and hat

A pleasant stay reception

Perfect Location!!! We stayed at the Michelangelo last weekend for a couples weekend in New York. The hotel is conveniently located to Rockefeller Center, the theatre district and Times Square. We were able to walk everywhere. It's a beautiful hotel with above average rooms. Our room had recessed lighting, book shelves, a Bose radio, marble bathroom, towels replaced throughout the day and a comfortable bed. The only negative to the room was the noise from being on the street-side of hotel. I recommend that you request a room away from the street. The breakfast was okay, nothing great, but sufficient. My husband wanted a Coke with ice and had to pay an additional $5. I would definitely stay here again. The location, cleanliness and well-appointed rooms are worth a return visit. I would also recommend that you book well in advance in order to get the lowest rate. We paid $240 per night, but spoke to some others who paid a great deal more for the same type of room.

Fantastic stay We stayed at this historic hotel in June for five days after a 13 day cruise from Tahiti. We had requested a room in the older part of the hotel and were given a wonderful ocean view room on the 3rd floor.The hotel was everything that we had dreamt about. The staff were excellent and we could not fault anyone. Our room was always spotless and the breakfast each day was memorable. We also enjoyed our drinks each evening in the Mai Bar. We loved the hotel and its attentive staff so much that we are planning to return in the not too distant future for a longer stay. The only trouble being the long flight across the Pacific Ocean. It truly is a gem and we hope it stays that way forever.

Great hotel in great city OUR BEDROOM - MARK HOPKINS

great place to stay! We had a completely different experience from the previous reviewer. Booked in June after reading trip advisor recommemndations and was not disappointed. We booked a 1 bedroomed apartment, but were given 2 bedrooms when we arrived. The rooms were huge, spotlessly clean and the staff couldn't have been more helpful. Yes, the air con was noisy but luckily September isn't a bad month to go and we didn't need it on during the night. The rooms are a bit tired and I think double glazing would be a good idea as it is tdefinitely he city that never sleeps. The fridge was always re-stocked for the following morning and we found it a definite plus not to have to go out for breakfast - much more relaxed and there was always plenty to eat. Yes, there was work going on in reception but we never found it a problem as there is a temporary reception on the second floor. We were on the 4th and never heard any noise from the builders. And you couldn't fault the position. We were able to walk to central park, broadway, empire state, etc and the tube was only 1 block away - although found it very confusing! And if you wanted a taxi it only cost 5 dollars to get to Times Square but to be quite honest it was quicker walking! Leave yourself plenty of time to get back to the airport as the traffic is horrendous. May be it was because there was a VIP conference on at the Waldorff (just around the corner from the Hospitality Suites) and the roads were blocked off and police presence was huge. It took is 1 1/2 hrs to get to Newark!If you can, do the helicopter flight it was amazing and well worth the money. Wear comfy shoes as you won't believe how far you walk! Loved the shops, especially Bloomingdales and China Town is definitely worth a visit.

Enjoyable stay! I stayed at this hotel a number of years ago now, but from what I remember it was a magical 3 night stay.There were a few problems at check in but we were soon escorted to our room with 2 double beds. It was nicely decorated - although not to my taste. The decor on the whole though was very grand and I particularly have fond memories of a pair of lovebirds situated in a giant metal cage in one of the upstairs lobbies.The restaurants (especially the buffets) were good and the character breakfast was loved by the younger members of our family.Access to the park earlier on in the mornings was also very useful as the place wasn't too crowded. The Disneyland Hotel definitely had the best location of all! Perhaps even better is that I'll be returning July 2008.

Really Top Notch This hotel proved to be the perfect choice for four nights in the city for a 'sister's trip'. Three of us found the room workable with its pull out couch and though we didn't use the kitchen, the extra area gave a feeling of space. The location is fabulous, though 'Times Square' is quite a ways away. Everything was spotless and all the appointments looked as if they had just been replaced - curtains. linens, etc. seemed brand new. Though there is no real lobby, the lovely library-style space where breakfast is served, is as charming a relaxing public area as could be asked for. The staff is welcoming and helpful - just delightful - and the nearby Simply Pasta and Bryant Park Grill restaurants are great choices for lunch or dinner.I'd go back in a heartbeat!

Magical Mandarin The Mandarin Oriental in NYC is an absolutely gorgeous, 5 star hotel! My husband and I stayed there for a night after my grad school graduation and were completely blown away by the immaculate facilities, incredible location, and over-the-top friendly and attentive customer service. Each and every staff member you meet at the Mandarin Oriental have a genuine smile on their faces. The location of this hotel can NOT be beat for a visit to the city. I lived in New York City for three years, worked there for 5, and still hang out in the city several times a month. Columbus Circle, the Mandarin's location, is where you want to be if you are a tourist or a native New Yorker looking for an amazing stay. You are right at the hub of all the major subway lines, a short walk downtown to Times Square, 5th Ave Shopping, Museum of Modern Art, and a short walk uptown to Lincoln Center, Tavern on the Green, and the delicious restaurants of the Upper West Side. There is a bit less of the hustle and bustle of other midtown hotels located in the 30s and 40s (streets). Our room had the most spectacular view of central park and the upper west side - all rooms have views as the hotel lobby starts on the 35th floor.Go to the Mandarin if you can splurge!

room with a great view This was our first time staying at the Westin Canal Place. Location was great. Spectacular view from our room of the Mississippi River and French Quarter. Lobby was beautiful and service was excellent. I was a little dissappointed in our room due to the contemporary styling - I prefer an old world look, more New Orleans feel - but this is just my opinion. I didn't find the rooms very sound proof either. I heard the neighboring rooms come in at 2:30 AM and 4:30 AM. Other than that - the rooms were very clean and everything is brand new - beautiful white duvet comforters on the bed, flat screen TV, etc. Service was outstanding.

close to everything, reasonably priced, wonderful kind helpful owners We arrived with huge heavy bags and Mark ran with them up the stairs, nothing was to difficult for him, it was a very nice welcoming he was so friendly. Mark's Father and Uncle Bernard and Peter identicle twins are the owners of this lovely hotel, and they are equally welcoming, with wonderful personalities.The rooms are very clean, they serve a great breakfast and the showers are good too - A good shower can be hard to find in Europe! The hotel is in a very safe upper class area, and is opposite the bus stop and only 10 min walk to Victoria station.My husband I will most definately be back, it is a nice place to be. The only down side is there is no lift and plenty of stairs, but they were so helpful it didn't affect us at all.Regards Heidi Sean

Pleasant Surprise! I was stuck at the Ibis due to the cancelled flight on KLM. I didn't expect much knowing Ibis to be a chain for budget travelers; however, I was pleasantly surprised upon arrival. The staf was friendly and very quick. There were 3 restaurants and a buffet to choose from as well as a fully equipped bar. I was tired so I took a bath in a huge bathtub and than I ordered an hour of a full body massage!!! Pretty crazy for a budget hotel. Massage was great and it was done professionally in my room so I didn't even have to go anywhere. Food, dinner as well as breakfast, were tasty. There also was available internet and free airport shuttle. Over all, I was very happy with my stay at the Ibis and if i will ever have overnight layover I'll be sure to return!

True Paradise!!! True Paradise! By far, this hotel is one of the most beautiful places I have ever seen. Rooms are super clean and tastefully decorated. Gardens, gazebos, and lagoons are just amazing. You feel like you are in a fairy tale. Service is excellent! People are very nice and always there to help you. Drinks at the bar could be better - they all sort of taste the same. Food, however, was amazing - especially the buffet breakfast! I will definitely return to this hotel and I highly recommend it!!!!

Perfectly nice hotel I read all these reviews AFTER I booked the hotel and became VERY nervous! Unfounded. My husband arrived first for his conference; I met him a few days later. He said the room was VERY small, but clean and comfortable. It didn't have a window, but that's not a big deal. However, he asked to change rooms after his 2nd night because there was some air conditioning thing outside his room that clicked on before 6 every morning and made noise. The folks at the Pelham were very nice and had no problems doing that. When I arrived, it was to the new room. It was still small, but lovely. Everything was very clean and remained so throughout our stay. The only thing someone might be upset about is the fact that they were doing construction on the building across the street from our room (we had a window this time) and they started around 6:30am! However, we were already up but someone recovering from the previous night may not appreciate it. But that's not the fault of the hotel - just make sure you ask for a room not overlooking that side. And in regards to the neighborhood, I was a female alone while my husband was in meetings, and I felt perfectly fine going back and forth. There is a homeless shelter across the street on one side of the building (not the entrance) but it's not unsafe - I walked by alone several times and no one even looked at me, much less harassed me. And it is literally a block from the Quarter - totally within walking distance. For us, the stay at the Pelham turned out fine.

Best deal in Mexico city Great hotel to stay in, right next to the Zocalo. Everything was very nice, I stayed here twice and the service was constant both times. The price is expensive if you are travelling on a student budget (as I was) but can be worth it if you are staying only for a couple of days.

Lovely Grand suite - Room number 3

First class Our room

Most enjoyable time at the Park Shore Waikiki My friend and I stayed at the Park Shore Waikiki from Friday, Nov. 14/08 until Monday, Nov. 17/08. This is my second trip to Honolulu. The last time I stayed in Honolulu, I got to know Leonor Wong-she is now the Director of Guest Relations at Park Shore. Having dealt with her before, I chose to stay at the Hotel she works at as I knew I'd be in good hands. The day we arrived, we walked into a room that had fresh flowers, chocolates, and juice and water in the fridge. Leonor really takes the time to get to know her Guests as she remembered from a year and half ago when I stayed with her at Ocean Tower that I don't drink Champagne-so that's why she had juice for us instead. The next day, she brought us up a breakfast coupon for 'Lulu's' which is the restaurant/bar conveniently located on the second floor of the hotel. If you choose to stay at Park Shore, you can ask for coupons for Lulu's at the Front Desk; it's a buy one breakfast and get the second 50% off. The prices at Lulu's are pretty affordable and they stay open late until 2:00am! That same day, Leonor called us up and asked if we'd like to move up to an ocean-view room. We were in a standard room at the time which we had no complaints about-it had a balcony and two double beds but how could we pass up the opportunity to move to an ocean-view? So, she moved us to room 921. It has an amazing view!!! Our balcony overlooked the pool and had an incredible view of the beach. We got some amazing shots of the sunset from our balcony as well :) The rooms are clean, the beds are comfortable and (something that's important to me personally-the water pressure in the shower is awesome!) I can't stand it when it takes so long to get the shampoo and conditioner out of your hair. Location wise, it's right across the street from the beach. Within the plaza-there's a Starbucks right outside and a Subway also. It's close to all the shopping on the strip and a 15 minute walk to Diamond Head. I would recommend this hotel to those Guests who are interested in affordable prices, decent/clean rooms, ideal location and for those who appreciate genuinely friendly staff who provide exceptional hospitality-from the cleaning staff to the manager, Terry Dowsett. To each is their own but we're not high maintenance and what brings me back to a place is their service-in my opinion, it's what matters most! **Friendly Tip** If you're going to the beach, stop by the bell desk and ask to borrow a mat for the day instead of buying one! P.S. The weather network said cloudy with showers for the weekend and we had Sun our whole stay!!!

Extraordinary Hospitality :O) My cousin and I stayed at this property after a few friends mentioned they had a good time there a couple weeks prior. Our stay was from Mar.11th to the 16th and the service was wonderful the whole way through. I work for an airline and have already mentioned this place to many of my co-workers; it's affordable, has complimentary continental breakfasts, the rooms are decent, and the location is perfect. There's an ABC store right outside which is very convenient for late night snacks or sandwiches for lunch! And best of all, waikiki beach is just steps away literally! They're doing renovations right now and the Executive Housekeeper, Leonor Wong, was kind enough to show us what a couple of the new and improved rooms look like and they are really nice; they have a very modern, classy look with plasma tv's on the wall, an overall more roomy look and the bathrooms are super nice too! The staff was amazing; Leonor treated us very well as well as the general manager Terry...I haven't been treated that well on any other vacation before! We got to know a couple of the front desk employees, Grace and Keenan, and they very helpful our stay also. They were friendly, knowledgeable, and gave us good advice on places to check out!When we go back, we are definitely going to stay here again :O)

Fantastic Hotel We booked this hotel for our wedding had a fabulous time.The main areas of the hotel are stunning but the room seem a little dated for a 4*, however, that soon paled into insignificance once we got into the swing of things.Staff are very friendly accommodating.Food was gorgeous there was a wide variety on offer.The entertainment team were superb, especially Latiti - the name says it all about him.My main criticism was that the main pool was cold and far too deep for the children and the paddling pool was too deep for my youngest (aged 2) to be in there without armbands. For young children I would recommend the Naiboa as the pool is the most child friendly. The same food is available there even though it is a 3* but the rooms are not up to the Bambu standard.The Bambu is so great that many from the two neighbouring 5*s came to our pool, which meant it was overcorwded sometimes.The family are going again later this year so it can't be bad at all.One of the best holidays I have had in the Caribbean (even if you take out the fact that it was my wedding day)with regard to the wedding, relax let them take care of it - mine went without a hitch they took care of all of the arrangements.

Meh (ok for cuising) This hotel is pretty mid-level. Although our stay included some hotel related injuries, the location is prime. We picked the hotel because of its close proximity to the pier (as we were taking a cruise). The location is perfect if you plan to take a cruise sailing out of old San Juan, as it is literally steps away from the pier. This was highly convenient.The bar and gill attached to the hotel and casino is great. They have great drinks, but the service is slow. Its a nice place to read a book or lounge around and people watch (when you aren't in a hurry). We actually ended up spending about 3 or 4 hours there after we checked out of our room (and we didn't want to wait in line to get on our cruise). While the wait staff is on the slow side, they make up for it with unexpected attentiveness- i.e. going out of their way to light your cigarette for you. The casino was sub-par. Not very interesting and I was nearly accosted by an over-zealous security guard who wanted to check my ID. He kept saying ID! ID! and then when I said I was staying in the hotel and started to look through my handbag for my ID and room key, he Puh!-ed me away and shoo-ed me. The gaming is just not worth it at this casino.The picture of the roof top pool are pretty deceptive. Its TINY, but has a good view. As always, with a hotel, watch out for the hot tub. My party and I went up all geared up for a soak, only to find a nasty couple making out in there and god knows what else yuk- so we didn't go in.BEWARE OF DOOR STOPS OUTSIDE THE BATHROOMS! Two people in my party were injured (one VERY badly). The door stops outside of the bathrooms were placed WAY too far out from the wall. We had to put the ice bucket over it since everyone kept tripping over the stupid thing.The rooms were just Meh. We had a wonderful view of a parking garage from our window. The room was clean, but nothing special at all, just your run of the mill bland, exactly what you expect from an airport hotel.The front desk staff was very friendly and helpful. Also we enjoyed the bell boys, they were very friendly and gave lots of good advice.... Also if you stay in this hotel, you MUST MUST MUST eat dinner at Aquaviva (a few blocks behind the hotel). One of the best meals of my life!

Loud and way passed it's prime While the photos look great and I can appreciate what this hotel was once trying to do, it is no longer the amazing Conde Nast praised destination it once was. The design of this hotel is great. The roof top bar and lounge area is great during the day. It has an amazing view and I was able to spend a good chunk of time in the sun there.Beware of the LOUD experience... on many levels. When entering the hotel you'll be greeted with the sound of rushing water... not only are there many fountains all over the building, they pump in (loudly) the sound of running water and crashing waves. While I appreciate what they're trying to do, the water sounds pumped into every level, on every floor in every nook and cranny, are way too loud and way over done. The upsetting part of the stay was the horiffic sounds at NIGHT. And I'm not talking 10 p.m. 11 p.m. or even 12 p.m... A roof top DJ party raged well it 6 a.m. While I was staying on the 8th floor (and the roof top is the 11th), I was kept awake by blaring techo music and crazy people screaming drunk in the hall ways all night long. I am a very heavy sleeper, and it was the first time I can remember being kept awake. I was not notified that this party was taking place (by expedia, or the hotel). Upon calling the front desk at 4 a.m. 5 a.m. etc, no one even answered so that I could complain about the rediculous noise and bed base shaking boom boom techo going on. (Please note that I am 22 and not a 60 year old... I like to party as much as the next guy... and I didn't even get to bed until 1 a.m. that night anyway) In the morning the manager of the hotel promised to comp money for the horrible time, however this never happened and I've been sent on a wild goose chase to try and get some type of compensation for my almost 300$ night laying awake listening to screaming drunks and techno. The only up-side to the loud techo late-night/early-morning techo party was that it music was beyond loud enough to drown out the annoyingly loud water crashing waves music that may have otherwise kept me awake as well. The area surrounding the hotel is unsafe. Speaking with the bell boys, I was able to find out the area was previously very over-run with drugs etc, and that police were constantly patroling the area to try and keep an eye on the safety of the tourists. While this might appear to be comforting, be aware too that you can take a short walk around the corner to one of the worlds biggest cock-fighting arrenas. Its a stange area to stay in. While its a pretty location and the decor in the hotel is great... beware of the LOUD music and water noises. Ask in advance if there will be an all night techo party before booking a stay at the San Juan Water and Beach Club Hotel.

Paradise We (4 adults) stayed at the Eden 3-22 through the 28.We found the place amazing. The staff is wonderful and the resort is clean.We were pinks, but we did not like our rooms they were along the back side facing the black fence and other resort. The smell was terrible. Sunday we moved to rooms on the floor facing the interior of the resort. It was our choice not to have the suites, just so that we could get some view of the ocean , and rooms side by side.Danny V and Robert at the VIP family bar was amazing. They were alot of fun and keep the activity level up. Very entertaining.The language barrier was fun, we learned alot from each other.I was surprised that as new as the resort is, that there is always fresh paint and replacing broken tiles being done, Alot ot upkeep at the time. The grounds were lush and in a few years, I can only imagine what it is going to look like.The chairs was still continued, but oh well, if they want to ruin their time looking and fighting over chairs, so be it. Not worth it for us. We were either in the pool, ocean or at the bar. And still got plenty of sun.Really miss the resort and wish I was still there. Do one should be disappointed when they returned.

Excellent location to visit Seattle Hotel elegantly restored inside, Romanesque-Victorian style. Stayed in Sept.: perfect!

Highly Enjoyable Stay at This Hilton Our first trip to Boston was made even better with our stay at the Hilton Boston Logan Airport. The hotel is not only very beautiful but the employees were friendly, helpful and made us feel very comfortable during our stay. The rooms were very nicely decorated with extra pillows on the bed and an oversheet on the blankets. The mattress had a comfy cover and we slept like babies. We visited the hotel gym/pool and spa and were very impressed. The indoor pool had large windows and skylights and was extremely clean. The jacuzzi was also large and very clean. The equipment in the gym was top of the line, varied and nicely laid out with televison viewing. Massage was available. The locker room was equal to that of a memebership gym. They had a steam room and showers and attendants checking it often. We ate at Connollys Pub and had great food and drinks at a reasonable price. You can even take a catwalk from the hotel to the airport for convenience or use their shuttle. The walk for us was a little far considering where our airline was located. We would definately return and plan to do so in the next week.

Wonderful hotel Room is spacious and clean with free high speed internet access. Toiletries provided are only okay. Staff is friendly and nice. Housekeeping typically is very fast (although during the strike, our room oftentimes made up until around 5pm). Location is great; in the heart of the financial district within walking distance to Union Square, Chinatown and Theater area. The hotel gym was modern and well-equipped (had free water and towels!). Room service is the only reason I gave it 4 out of 5. The food is decent and the service was prompt, but almost each time we ordered (either breakfast or dinner) they forgot a few things time they forgot salad dressing, another time they delivered breakfast without any utensils. Other than that, I think the hotel is great and would highly recommend it to anyone. Also, if you can grab a (usually approx. $150/night), a fantastic bargain!

It was decent for business but probably wouldn't stay there if I was on vacation. I stayed here for business and probably wouldn't pay the $200+/night rate if I had to foot the bill. There are a lot more nicer hotels in the area for about the same amount. The check in was a little intimidating as the staff wasn't very outgoing, however they were very professional and polite. The size of the room was decent and the bathroom was stocked with Philosophy products, which is a definite bonus. Room service from their restaurant downstairs was mediocre bordering on bland. The only truly bad experience I had while staying at the hotel was when I reached up to grab the ice bucket from the ledge in the room and a buckful of WATER splashed all over me. Apparently house cleaning didn't bother to empty it out after the last guest.

Pretty good My boyfriend and I had stayed at Argonaut from Nov. 12-15 (Fri-Mon). We would have stayed Thursday night but when we checked in, the front desk rep informed us that there was no room available for us; apparently something was wrong with a group of rooms (although my guess was they just overbooked). It was about 11:45p and having to get back into our car, drive across town and check into their sister hotel, Hotel Palomar, our idea of fun, but rather than lambasting the guy (which we witnessed another guest that was turned away do) we accepted our fate (and the complimentary free night). We switched to the Argonaut after the first night, and for our troubles we were upgraded to a double queen room with views of Alcatraz and sent a bottle of wine and an assortment of nuts. The nautical was interesting; cute for families but not exactly my taste.Some of the pros: Good location - While we were within comfortable walking distance to Wharf and good restaurants (go to Gary Danko!), it was still in a very quiet and safe location. The bathrooms were unimpressive but I liked the Aveda products. The beds were comfortable and topped with fluffy pillows and comforters. The Sony TV and DVD player was a nice touch, as was the free high speed internet connection. As for price, it was pretty affordable (our price was $150/night) for what you get.Now for the bad stuff: The walls were a bit thin as we could hear our neighbors or people outside our door chatting away. Each time we drove to the hotel, the valet guy was nowhere to be found so had to leave our car (locked up of course) at curbside and gave our keys to the front desk person. Finally, the remote control for the TV was actually the Nintendo game control and therefore the only way to change channels was to go up or down. It also help that it was not wireless.All in all, suggest this hotel if an out of town cost-conscious tourist especially interested in exploring the Wharf area. One suggestion to the hotel like being turned away for not having a room available has happened frequently in the past. Rather than letting your guests show up and be disappointed, you should proactively call and let them know beforehand so they can go directly to another hotel. This might also save your front staff from verbal abuse.

Loved It!!! I just can't say enough good things about this property. My two older sisters, my 19 yr old granddaughter and her Mom spent 3 short nights here. Oh how I wish it could have been more. Once I called the condo/hotel and made reservations, I had several emails with the reservations manager. I had several requests to make this trip special for my sisters, mainly, because of their age, it will probably be the last trip to Hawaii together, so I really wanted something nice. I asked that our 2 BR, 2 BA Ocean Front Deluxe unit be between the 15th and 18th floors, that we have an 02 or an 03 style unit and that we get one of the newly remodeled units. Every request was met! 16th floor, 03 unit and very nicely remodeled with granite countertops in the kitchen and bathrooms and stainless steel appliances! So nice and so spacious!!! We never got in each others way.We were greeted at at the FREE valet parking garage with a warm aloha and welcome to the tower. We were directed to check inwhich went quickly and we had only been in our room a couple of minutes when our luggage arrived. The bellman put our suitcases in our respective rooms for us and explained some of the features of our unit before he left. Ech and every time we left or returned, we were greeted with Aloha, did yu have a good time, etc! We were totally taken with the staff. So nice and so friendly.Housekeping surprised us each night with bed turndown and candy on te pillow!!!When it came time to leave, our luggage was collected on time and stowed in our rental car.Back to the condo, our view of Kuhio Beach Park was outstanding. We were a few blocks from the International Marketplace in one direction and a few blocks from Kapiolani Park, the aquarium and the zoo in the other. So lovely to enter through a walkway that had beautiful flowers along each side and trailing orchids overhead. I hope to be able to return here one days! I can't wait in fact. I can't recommend it enough.

Will only EVER stay at the Aston Waikiki Circle! We have stayed at the Aston Waikiki Circle a total of nine times between 1978 (before Aston)and 2001 and cannot even imagine staying anywhere else in Waikiki. The staff has never changed in all those years and we have become friendly over the years. Going back each time is like re-visiting old friends! They are wonderful to us and we have no complaints at all. The rooms ARE small but have all you would need as a place to sleep and the view CANNOT be beat! If you look, you can find a great rate too. I would only book into an ocean view or oceanfront room though for the best location. Going back in 2005 and cannot wait!

Great Location - Ok Hotel... Usually stay in the what was the Ramada but is now the Tulip Inn and compared to that this was not as nice. Reception area is lovely. Hotel is in middle of a re-furb at the moment so there were lots of workmen pots of paint all over the place so was a little hectic during the day. Thankfully this did not disturb us too much! Sadly was unable to smoke in any of the 3 rooms we had booked within our party. Did manage to change one of them to smoking in the end. However the no-smoking rule is being rolled out 1 July 08 so not sure how that is going to change all hotels let alone the city! Biggest plus was the location - literally a 3 min walk from Central Station. Also if you are anything like me the Shower is important and I can confirm that they have good ones at the Sint Nicolaas! Would I return - no. Would I return to what was the Ramada - yes! Also be sure on what you rate you are paying at time of booking as they tried to charge us an additional 50Euro which we swiftly got knocked off.Breakfast in reception in the mornings between 7-10 was nice and I found the hotel staff to be helpful.

Nice Hotel My mum I stayed here back in Feb 07 (standard room at back of hotel). We really had a pleasant stay. Rooms were clean and the shower was really hot and powerful! I can't comment on the b'fast as we ate every meal out! There are some fab restaurants all within walking distance of the Ramada. Particularly the chinese which name escapes me for obvious reasons!!!! opp side of street from Ramada about 100metres on the left going in direction away from Central Station. I must really compliement the staff on reception - I was most impressed that they never once said our room number out aloud. If only all receptionists were as professional with female travellers. ..Location of hotel is great - about a 4-5min walk from Central Station with good links to trams etc. Returning to Amsterdam in July with my boyf - hopefully it is just as nice. I will do another review as have booked a 'Star Room' for my next visit! Oh and if you have room at back of hotel be prepared to see a few ladies in windows - as liberal minded as my mum is I must say her face at the window saying Blimey - there is a woman dancing in the street in just a bikini will always make me laugh! Happy Travelling .................

Can't wait to return Hilton Times Square staff are wonderful, we just returned from a 7 day stay, very helpful, friendly and at all times professional. The rooms could use some work but they are large and clean, the location is the best. Hardly had to wait for the and the service in the restaurant was way above what we received anywhere else. The price of 5.00 for a cup of coffee was terrible, but the service made up for it. Service just about everywhere else was terrible, as we where in a party of six the restaurants put on a surcharge of 15%-20%, had the service been okay we would have not had a problem. The people of New York are charming, had heard they where unfriendly and rude, totally the opposite. What did amaze us is the police are everywhere, we felt very safe walking at night and down Canal Street. wait to go again and would stay at the Hilton Times Square again. Next trip we will buy all of our theater and sporting tickets in advance as it is hard to impossible to get the best seats for the popular shows when you are there. The concierge was a real asset, they made our dinner reservations, had maps and gave a lot of great advise about what we should do, and what not to miss and mostly they where right on.

Very good value for the price We found this an excellent base for a few days of touring. Hotel staff were great, room was large and comfortable, with a large bar area for arranging refreshments. (Also a convenient grocery store about two blocks away for stocking your fridge.) Breakfast in adjacent restaurant was fine, we were directed to an excellent restaurant a few blocks away for dinner, and there are casual college-neighborhood eating places nearby on Broadway. What was unbeatable, however, was the combination of free breakfast, free internet, free parking in the garage, and a free shuttle service to take you to and from the most popular tourist points in town.

loved the giada stayed at hotel giada for 3 nights in november. great find in florence. been to flo 6 times this year, each time we try a new hotel. loved the giada. no noise from the market at all. room huge. 4 of us girls shared a 5 bed room. lovley clean bathroom.soft fluffy towels. heated towel rail. beds and bed linen excellent. pillows just right. lovley carpet throughout. cant see what ther is to complain about. stayed in a 4 star near the duomo in sept. not a patch on giada. so the enterence isnt grand, but the rooms make up for it. breakfast good, although we only made one morning. going back to flo in jan and will be staying at the giada. bye the way 6th jan is a lovley day in flo, all sorts happening, its a special day over there, magical. also on the 7th all the shops go in to sale. forgot to say you are very safe in the market area, dont take any notice of people saying its dodgy. were all about 50 and didnt get in until 3 some mornings.

Great Location, Nice Hotel outside of hotel xmas decorations

Loved it!! Very easy check in. Front desk guy (Dennis I think) was very friendly and helpful with directions. Room was small but as to be expected in Europe. The room was very clean. No view but the room was very quiet. The water and juice in the minibar were free. Free wireless. Bed was pretty hard but every bed I slept in while in France was hard. Not sure what that's about. The location was perfect. I will definitely return.

A great choice My husband and I stayed here for 3 nights in Mid-August for a city break. We got a good late deal price from an online holiday shop. I would recommend this hotel. It's in a brilliant location, close to the main shopping area and not too far to walk to the main square and Palacio Real, in fact you can walk most places even to the Prado and other galleries but this is a longer walk! Having said that the street was not noisy and we were able to sleep well in the comfort of air conditioning - I'm sure this is essential for August! The hotel is smart and stylish and feels very clean. The rooms are spacious enough with cool wooden floors, marble bathroom and modern wooden furniture. The shower was lovely - quite powerful and we had a bidet too. Plus, it's true the mini bar is totally free! Obviously it's not full of spirits but there was a couple of beers, soft drinks, fruit juice and mineral water which were replaced each day when we had drunk them! Staff were very friendly and helpful and most spoke good english. On the down side, our breakfast was not included and seemed expensive - we went to a cafe down the road for some toast coffee instead. It's a shame that the hotel hasn't more of a lounge/bar space to sit in the evening (there is a bar in the restaurant) but there is so much choice close by in the city that perhaps you wouldn't use it anyway. The roof terrace was interesting to go and see though far too hot to stay out there - no chairs either.This hotel is a good choice for Couples, Business travellers and families alike.

Bahia Principe is Excellent! BACKGROUND: We have traveled to various Caribbean destinations: Mexico, Mayan Riviera, Cuba, Jamaica and the Dominican, always going to 4-5 star resorts, booking all inclusive, and relying on Trip Advisor before we book. Our primary concerns when doing research on a location are as follows: (1) Trip Advisor reports and ratings (2) the beach (3) pools and amenities (4) brochure ratings. We spend hardly any time in our rooms, apart from changing/cleaning up/sleeping. Basically, if the sun is up, we are outside. TRANSFERS FROM AIRPORT:This is a nice part relatively quick 30 minute transfer to the resort, with a glimpse of the local scenery along the way. While on route, we received our check-in package, wrist bands, etc. so that when we arrived all we had to do is bring our luggage to the resort transfer trams (waiting for our arrival) and we were off to our rooms. This avoids the lineups at check-in; a nice touch. If you want a room safe, though, you will have to go to the lobby desk to book this, which we did right away.RESORT/GROUNDS:This has to be the nicest resort in terms of lush tropical vegetation, constantly being maintained and groomed. We have been to some very nice resorts over the years, but this location is stunning in terms of the landscaping.Yes, this place is HUGE, but we knew that and loved it. Always something or someplace to go. The trams run constantly, and we used them when we were tired, but also enjoyed many nice strolls through the grounds. This is an excellent resort to take advantage of the walkways and exercise off some of that extra all-inclusive consumption we all tend to enjoy!The resort is divided up into the following sections: Punta Cana (708 suites), Bavaro (540 suites), Club Premiere (288 suites), and the Ambar (adults only) sections. Inside these sections are the various exclusive clubs: the Royal Golden, Club Diamond and Club Hacienda. Your booking will determine which section, and sub-section if applicable, you are staying in. FOOD/RESTAURANTS:I tend to not give our personal reviews on the various a la carte restaurants, as opinions vary so greatly in this area, even at home. I might like one type of locale, you will like advice is to book whatever you can, enjoy, and if you want something else head back to the buffet. As for the buffets, typical for your all inclusive resort. They need to feed hundreds of people with various tastes and preferences; some people will be thrilled, some will not. Personally, I enjoy the varied selection and appreciate the choices. As for service, we were treated very well and promptly at all meals. Our attitude is that these people work very long hours, for little pay or gratitude. We make a point of greeting EVERY waiter/waitress with a genuine smile and engage in our best broken Spanish/English conversation, and they would always light up and smile in return. We always tipped, but this made no difference in the level of service received. In fact, being kind and appreciative would get the best service, rather than being miserable, complaining, and then leaving a tip. We observed both behaviours, and I feel sorry for the wait staff when they have to deal with these rude people. ROOMS:All the rooms are junior suites, and well appointed. Lovely marble tile, etc. - we were in some brand new buildings which were not even on the Resort's maps yet! Book your in-room safe as soon as you arrive (we paid $31 US for the week); no sense in risking losing anything. The resort is not responsible for any valuables not locked up in the safe, simple as that.BEACH: Stunning, amazing, goes on forever with adjoining resorts along both directions. There is a nice set back from the edge to the start of the resort, allowing for ample room for sun and shade choices. Loungers were in abundance, and the shade choices for those with sunburns or young children were excellent. The sand is a very light tan/brown colour, and extremely silky soft underfoot. Absolutely no stones, shells, coral, or other hazards for your feet (which we have experienced at some other resorts, unfortunately). Again, excellent for wonderful walks that go on forever in either direction. The water is incredibly warm, quite a pleasant surprise for the ocean have experienced cooler waters further south! BEACH FOOD DRINK:A nice touch are the two restaurants close to the beach, which you can use without having to cover up. You can go in barefoot, with your bathing suit on, and enjoy the beachside buffets, self serve non-alcoholic beverages, and the bar. This might sound lame, but when you are hot and sweaty from lying out in the sun, putting on clothes to get something to eat can be such a hassle; I really enjoyed being able to just walk over and get some food/drink along with all the other people doing the same thing. POOLS:A nice selection to chose from, and large. This is a nice option for those who like the pools; they are big, and provide plenty of room for singles, couples, and families with children. We personally prefer the ocean, as we have pools up here, but we do use them on occasion. The pools/pool bars close around 5:30 pm for maintenance and cleaning; typical for down south. EXCURSIONS:As we have been to the Dominican before, we have done the excursions we wanted to do, and decided to stay the entire vacation right at the resort. However, in the past we have done the Saona Island and Swim With the Sharks/Catamaran trips, enjoying both. Saona Island has the most incredible white sugar sand! The only downside of this excursion is that it makes for a very long day, with a long bus trip each way. EVENING ENTERTAINMENT:Again, typical for the all-inclusive resort; they work hard, and do their best to keep you entertained. We enjoyed a few shows; every resort seems to have their Michael Jackson look-alike to amaze you (we enjoyed that show as well). ONLY DOWNSIDE:We were astonished at the high percentage of people who smoked, everywhere! If you have any sensitivity to second hand cigarette/cigar smoke, take care to position yourself upwind. I normally get put off by things at any resort, but this was a surprise, even when at the huge beach. You are not allowed to smoke inside any enclosed restaurant, but in the open lobby bar, theatre, and beach restaurants its okay. We found that our enjoyment at the beach, lobby bar and at the theatre was compromised by the volume of second hand smoke; more than once we had to move our beach loungers to avoid cigarette smoke. This situation is a non-issue if you smoke. not complaining, just astonished. RECOMMENDATIONS:This is a very nice 5-star resort, and comes highly recommended. Do your homework before you go, so that there are no surprises. If you prefer individual, royalty treatment, consider upgrading to the Ambar adults-only section, but remember you are still part of a very large group of vacationers. Leave negative attitudes at home; they will not get you very far when travelling (ever wonder why the complainers, who keep it up all week, always have such a lousy time?). We did hear of some couples having problems with their rooms/air conditioners/etc. but the had these issues rectified to their satisfaction. There will invariably be issues when you travel, but being prepared is a big part of enjoying your vacation. Book your room safe for valuables.Enjoy!

WOW what a fantastic property, fantastic location, and caring staff! I chose this hotel due to previous reviews on TripAdvisor and we were not disappointed. While comparing the rates, we decided to splurge for a suite and we were not disappointed. We had the corner suite which overlooked not only the Arc but also Rue de Carnot. The rooms were spacious and the bathroom beautifully appointed. We loved it.The view from our room was fabulous -- we could see not only the Arc but also the Eiffel Tower -- you just can't get any better than that! We felt so charmed and special and delighted by this! We loved having the suite because with jet lag, sometimes one of us was up in the living room reading or watching TV, while the other was in the bedroom sleeping. There were pocket door separating the two so it was very handy.Other reviews mention the busy traffic and quietness of the rooms. We were astounded by the fact that the thick curtains, which are drawn at night over closed windows, TOTALLY blocked out the sounds of traffic, sirens, and helicopters. Yes, helicopters! The first morning we were there, there was some type of traffic accident or medical emergency on the round about around the Arc. Many, many emergency vehicles came including a helicopter, presumably to remove the injured. Traffic came to a dead standstill, and probably caused havoc throughout this part of Paris.We walked to the Eiffel Tower at night (the concierge said it was about 15 minutes but that must be in 'french walk speed' as it took us about 30 minutes. We thoroughly enjoyed the walk and especially loved seeing the tower lit up. We took a cab back and it was only 6 euro, well worth it as our feet were tired by then.We also got brave and took the Metro (subway) to the Louvre, based on Farooq's advice. The entrance to the Metro is right next to the hotel - it can't get any easier! We also took the Air France bus from DeGualle Airport based on Farooq's advice and were happy we did. It was only $13euro each and let us off directly across from the hotel. That was amazing!The evening concierges recommended two restaurants that were very good. One was a brasserie just 2 blocks away, and the other was a small restaurant about 3 blocks away. Both were excellent though the bill at the restaurant was scary -- $188 euro, but we chalked that up to being in Paris!I would definitely stay at this hotel each and every future visit to Paris. We previously stayed in St. Germaine des Pres, but the service here was outstanding and really made the difference for us.

5 Nights at the New York Helmsley We arrived on 22nd Feb (we were there for our 25th Wed Anniversary on the 24th, ...a treat to ourselves) After a very long day we arrived at the Helmsley only to be told they were expecting us on the 27th, the receptionist made a phone call and told us it wasn't a problem etc etc and that they'd give us a nice room. The room was on the 14th floor, king sized bed, which was the best bed I've EVER slept in! The room was clean spacious enough for the two of us. We had a view of the chrylser building. My only disappointment was that they don't have any tea making facilities, although we later found out we could ask for them (and have it added to our bill) anyway... please take a credit card as you need it to check in with, not a debit card, one of ours wouldnt work but thank god my hubby has his american express which was accepted everywhere we used it. His goldfish card wasn't, nor was my personal bank card (which had plenty funds in it).. also beware of the cash machine in the lobby, it accepted my bankers card but never gave me any cash.. sorry to harp on about cash etc but if you're new to the states like we were, we didnt have a clue what would or wouldnt be accepted.Breakfast in Mindys (downstairs) was great, we founed we didnt need to eat again until about 4pm as the breakfast were buffet style so we ate as much as we wanted/needed.The staff in Minday and Harry's bar were very attentive, and being British we weren't used to it, but to be fair I could get used to it, the service was great, fast and efficient.The hotel is in a great situation for Grand Central, but to be honest we walked most of the time, we did buy a 7day metro ticket for $23 each which was so handy and if you're tired it's so easy just to jump on a train, having said that, cabs are cheap enough if you want to use them.Overall we had a fab time, and the hotel was as I expected, it was clean and comfy, and believe me, Im a clean freak and I was very happy to stay there.

Full marks to Iberostar! Like other reviewers this is the second Iberostar we have stayed at - last year at the Costa Dorada.Found weather and evening entertainment slightly better than the C.D., but the food was slightly better there. Anyone who finds fault with either of these hotels is just being picky.In fact we are thinking of booking for the new Iberostar in Cuba for next year, due to open in a couple of months.

Lies and Pretense. We secured an oceanfront room with balcony from a travel agency. On arrival there was a balcony on a small room and no ocean view. The staff was unapologetic and kept us at the hotel for over 2 hours promising something better. Gansevoort South was contacted by the travel agency to make right on the specifics of the reservation. The management continued to offer sub par rooms including smoking room and ill cleaned room. In the end, the travel agent booked us at The Tides. We couldn't have been more thrilled. At The Tides service was paramount. From location to service all things were better and supreme at The Tides. If you want a great stay in Miami Beach I highly reccommend The Tides and anywhere else other than Gansevoort South

Excellente Delayed review. Had a real good time. Wanted to give back to the forum that I use so frequently for advice. Went with fiance. Great for couples. Had a really great time. It was fun in the sun. Staff great at involving guests in all sorts of activities- can't remember names but everyone was great. We played water polo, baseball, volleyball, ring toss (winner gets a bottle of RUM!) and more. Horseback riding on the beach was crowded and controlled but fun- and included! If we weren't up to being active we stayed at the pool or beach and wait staff came to us with drinks and snacks. Great Pina Coladas! One thing we really liked was being able to get room service at nearly any hour. Never the lack of food. Some options were better than others- Kudos to the French restaurant. Overall has a really good time. Restored our faith in all-inclusives.

Nice Hotel This was a very nice hotel. This was a post-night of a cruise tour package and we didn't have a choice where we stayed, but I would stay here again if I ever find myself in Amsterdam. Not sure what thet hotel normally charges, but we paid $430.00 through the travel agent, which I feel is outrageous. Breakfast was included, but restaurant didn't open until 7:00 am, and we had to leave at 7:00 for the airport, so we missed breakfast.The location was excellent (right down the street from the museums, and across the street from a square). Room was comfortable well equipped. Bathroom was well lit (important to me) and would take an adaptor for a curling iron. The only problem (other than price) was that it was Sunday and their restaurant was not open for dinner. We were both feeling under the weather and didn't feel like venturing out that evening, but had no choice. Also, they charge for internet use, which at the rates we paid, I would expect for free.

Great location, would stay there again Stayed for 4 nights. Best thing about the hotel is the location, with Knutsford Terrace just round the corner. Some excellent restaurants and plenty of bars. Plus only 10-15 minute walk to the Star Ferry.Rooms are clean and reasonably well equipped - my tour operator had requested an upgrade as I was celebrating my 40th birthday when I was there, but didn't get it.If breakfast isn't included in your booking, don't use the hotel's. There are loads of diner-style restaurants nearby where you can get breakfast at a fraction of the cost.Others have mentioned that the porters come down the hill to take up your luggage - don't know where they were when we arrived, but my poor husband had to haul two cases up the hill, which was exhausting after an 11 hour flight. Overall, though, it's a really good base from which to see all the sights in Hong Kong and I would recommend it.

Modern but cozy hotel next to market and train station Hotel was clean, safe, modern, in good shape and 2-3 blocks from the train station. Provided full breakfast and is close to shops and eateries. Not much of a view from my window due to being so close to other buildings. Don't bring heavy luggages since the reception desk is a second floor walk-up. Since Florence was small, I was able to walk everywhere from my hotel. Considered value for the price paid

My favorite hotel This is really my favorite hotel pretty much anywhere. I had booked another hotel for my stay because the rates were so high for my dates. It turns out there was a huge convention going on at that time. On my second morning in the city, I called the Monaco to see if they had availablity. The rates were much better so I called a cab at 7:30 am and moved.I just love the Monaco. It was my first experience with a boutique hotel and it's just a fit for me. I've stayed at the huge convention hotels for conferences - and yes, the rooms are much larger. But, they are much more sterile as well. I love the colors, the vibe, the entire atmosphere of the hotel. Of course, I had the pet goldfish delivered to the room. I named it Cybil - in honor of Cybil Shepherd performing just blocks away in a one woman show.The location can't be beat. The rooms are fabulous. The staff is ALWAYS friendly and helpful and attentive. I consider staying at other Kimpton hotels in SF, but I know I'll always come back to the Monaco.Breakfast the morning of my move was a fabulous omelet at the Grand Cafe. I love this restaurant almost as much as the Monaco. :-)

Friendly staff and very comfortable beds I stayed in this hotel as part of a tour that included 6 other hotel down to the coast of California. I enjoyed this hotel the most. It has a great location for tourists. It is close to the market place and many other attractions. I found the front desk staff very accommodating (thanks, Christopher) and the rest of the hotel staff very friendly. I loved the beds--very comfortable. Breakfast was included as part of our tour and I enjoyed it very much. Everything that I would want was included in the buffet and the fruit was very fresh. (hi to Morgan--wait staff). The hotel was also very bright and clean looking with fresh flowers in the lobby area. If you go to Seattle, try to make a short side trip out to the Boeing Aircraft factory. All of us loved this tour. We found that the people in Seattle, as well as in Portland, were always very willing to help out tourists with directions and suggestions.

Concierge staff superb I recently spent three nights at the Marriott that was part of a tour. We arrived earlier to spend some time with my daughter who lives in San Francisco. First, I agree with many reviewers that the windows are dirty but I found this to be common in many hotels. We were on the street side so there was a constant noise even in the early hours and an annoying sound at night.However, the hotel is very hospitable and the concierge staff great. They had wonderful recommendations and kudos to Jeff Clavin and his staff. They seemd to be constantly on duty even in the early morning hours. They had some good tips about local transportation. The Marriott is in a great location. Take the bus almost anywhere for $1.25. If you want a cable car ride, ride early in the morning or you might have to wait a really long time. We took the cable car to Alcatraz at Fisherman's Wharf and had no problem at 7:30 in the morning. Buy your tickets on line to Alcatraz before or you might be disappointed. We went on a Saturday and the next available ticket was Tuesday. However, there is a standby line with no guarantees, but all the people in the stand by line were able to get on the boat to the island.The breakfast buffet at the Marriott was superb, and the beds were very comfortable. The lobby is very lovely and the staff at the front desk also was very accommodating. All and all, my staff at the Marriott was very good and I would not hesitate to return.

Loved the Four Seasons Jimbaran Bay Bali The Four Seasons, Jimbaran Bay Bali was absoutely magnigicent!My husband and I stayed 5 nights and each villa has a separate outside sitting area, large bedroom,dressing room, bathroom with large tub and separate shower, as well as an outdoor shower.Each villa also has its own private plunge pool with a sun deck and loungers. Very comfortable and beautifully maintained and decorated. The breakfasts were very good we had an inclusive rate which is a good idea as the restaruants are very expensive. We only tried the one Balanese restaruant in the hotel and it was good with a lovely atomsphere!The hotel is situated an a lovely beach and one can walk to seadfood restaurants further along the beach in the evening for grilled fish.I highly recommend this hotel for a very romantic holiday.Anne MatthewsCapeTown

Need a hotel in San Francisco? Everything I needed was available except for the wireless connection that I needed available inside my room. Had to go to the lobby to access it. The staff were really nice and accommodating. The rooms were clean and comfortable. The location was great! A lot of restos and stores nearby.

Great Stay We were pleasantly surprised by the quality of our accommodation. Stayed for four nights. The studio appartment had just been renovated so everything was new. Looked out over the back, with a tiny balcony and small view of the city but therefore very quiet. Staff could not have been more helpful. I think they are having some problems with some of the rooms as they gradually renovate, but we certainly have no complaints! Very close to everything.

fantastic Superior Room Desk TV

Everything you need I stayed in the Caledonian Hotel from the 2nd to the 5th of June 2006 and I could not fault it. The rooms are lovely with comfortable beds, tv with films payable on departure, loads of storage space, nice bathroom with great water pressure although the shower is down quite low, not very comfortable for tall people. The rooms were cleaned each day with the beds made and towels changed. It is situated extremely close to the Universtate stop on the metro line and this links you with the rest of the city. We got the bus from the airport but had to guess where to get off as the bus driver was no help, we got a taxi to the airport from the hotel and it was 20 euro which saved us alot of hassle. Don't forget your beach wear when your going to Barcelona as there is a great beach. We didn't eat breakfast in the hotel as it seems like a rip off as there are so many cafes around the hotel with much cheaper breakfast menus. I would definitely stay in the Caledonian if I was going back to Barcelona.

Great place, little gem This is a great find. I checked out many, many hotels on the internet before making a booking and was glad I did my homework. It's central to absolutely everything, the rooms are lovely and the staff are friendly. Ask for room number one, it's huge and has two chandelers and its on the ground floor so there are no steep stairs to negotiate after a few drinks. If your going to Amsterdam you should definitely stay here.

Love the Halekulani!!! Stayed here for our 2nd visit to the Halekulani. Truly the House of Heaven!! The entire staff are exceptional. I had been correspnding via e-mail with one of the managers, and when we arrived, he introduced himself at check in. We love this place so much!! The new Shopping Center on Lewers is so convenient, just a few shorts steps away, has a variety of shops and restaurants. The design of the shopping center is is made to look like a giant wave. Waikiki is going through lots of contsruction and updates, but none of this interfered with our trip.

Fun Trip! I went to San Francisco with a friend for the weekend. Being two young women, I was a bit hesitant about the bad neighborhood reviews. However on arriving it seemed like a fine place to stay. Our room was clean and very nice for what we paid. The shower was roomy and the bed had 7 pillows (2 regular, 5 down)!! We parked across the street ($20/day) and used the bus/cable cars/transit system. There is a bus stop right out the front door of the hotel and it goes straight down to Ghirardelli Square Pier 39. A 1-day muni pass is only $11, so we saved a bundle doing this. Never once did we feel unsafe either. The staff at the hotel were friendly and gladly gave us recommendations on dining and places to visit. They have a very handy map of the area available at the front desk as well. We were pretty impressed with the place and I, for one, would happily stay there again!

Beautiful Venetian Style Hotel - Gorgeous! This hotel is fabulous, if you are looking for a venetian style hotel then look no further, The rooms are so opulently furnished, and the bed was huge !!!! A Super kingsize whopper. With beautiful egyptian cotton bedlinen. Beautiful curtains, large wardrobes, safe, and the bathroom was fabulous too! including a huge flat 'rain shower' plus a lovely bath, sound system if you are listening to the TV/Radio and a telephone in there too! The hotel itself does only have a little bar, and a lovely breakfast room, where the breakfasts were interesting and filling. A beautiful buffet service and incredibly helpful staff.The location is brilliant, just a short walk around the corner to the Rialto bridge, a perfect location, whilst it did not overlook a canal, it made up with everything else. If you like small hotels, with lavish furnishings this is the one, it is beautiful!

A great choice if the price is right! We stayed at the Millenium over the long Thanksgiving weekend (arriving after the parade!) while visiting our daughter who lives in Brooklyn. Having previously stayed at hotels in Times Square, we opted for something different this time around. I saw a really good nightly rate online and called the hotel directly and got the same rate. I asked for a City View King room and was thrilled when I walked in to a very large room, extremely clean, the bed was so comfortable with lavish linens (lots of pillows!). We were on the 51st floor, looking directly west (over the WTC site) and out over New Jersey. We could see south to the Statue of Liberty and north up Broadway. The window in the 51st floor elevator lobby afforded a terrific view of the Brooklyn Bridge (and Brooklyn) and the river. The plasma TV on the wall was terrific, very modern desk and dresser. Comfortable chair, large closet - lots of well-placed lamps and reading lights. The bathroom was very clean with lots of counter space (hair dryer, really really nice towels and lots of them, the usual shampoo, etc.). A nice touch was that an umbrella was in the closet for our use (didn't need it) and a safe was provided as well. The lobby was nice (a bit noisy with all the comings and goings) with a lobby bar but when the bar was full, there were no other places to hang out. The concierge was great, very good recommendations. Bellmen were johnny on the spot and apologized for the delay as we were leaving that there were no cabs to be had (we were leaving during Monday rush hour) but did call one specifically for us to get us to the airport on time. We really enjoyed our stay at the Millenium and will again (if the price is right). We were slightly amused that for the price we paid we didn't get free internet (neither in the room or in the business center) while the Burger King down the street (as well as other businesses) did! Even our cheap hotel room in Eau Claire, Wisconsin offers free WiFi!! Also, while the plasma screen TV was really nice and big, the restricted number of cable channels was a disappointment. Couldn't they offer a few more movie channels (only had HBO) or the more popular cable channels? Not that we watched too much TV, but after walking all day it was nice to unwind in the lovely room. Don't hesitate to stay at the Millenium if the price is right for your budget (we paid about $300 inc. taxes per night which we thought was a bargain in NYC).

Adequate We stayed here from 7/10-7/15 and found the hotel to be convenient, fairly clean,needing updating but decent value for the money. We didn't get a priceline type price-paid 199 per nt. and that included a breakfast buffet. The mountainview was nice on the 23rd floor. The pool area was too windy..but again overall it was ok. Area was quiet and if you are there to tour the island it is ADEQUATE.

Wonderful hotel, wonderful beach From the moment we arrived we were treated like royalty. We were given heated, scented towels to freshen our hands and were taken to our lovely room for check-in. We had a partial oceanview room which was mostly oceanview. The beach was beautiful, the restaurants (Shore Bird and Ocean House) were fantastic. The elevator was secure, which was reassuring. The staff was all warm and friendly. Will definitely stay at this hotel again and again!

Great Experience We booked their kid suite for our stay (first week of May) but since the room's renovation wasn't completed yet when we got there, they upgraded us to the Hammett suite which was like their best room! (Natalie is the best! Very friendly, very accomodating -- she should be promoted!)The hotel doesn't look like much from the outside (the frontage is literally just a door) but the rooms were great (modern furniture, flat screen TV) and the beds were SUPER comfy. And of course, you couldn't be more in the center of Union Square if you tried, the hotel is right beside H M, behind Macy's.... shopper's paradise!Overall, even though the building may be a bit old (which I didn't notice), the interior's all newly renovated anyway, which is what counts when you're coming home from a tiring day sightseeing. Great stay, great location!

Glad we got a good deal We found a great deal for the Westin Palace through expedia, and having heard that this was one of the grande dame 5* hotels in Madrid we decided to go for it for our mini-honeymoon weekend break. On first glance the hotel appears to be exactly what it claims: a 5* elegant, grand hotel in an excellent location. However, our impression was that this grandeur is becoming increasingly faded, especially in the public areas and corridors: faded, worn out carpets and peeling wallpaper. Aside from the bedroom (very clean, wonderful shower and very comfy bed) and service (great generally but see below) this is more of a 4* establishment. We came directly from a stay at The Dorchester Hotel in London, and the Westin Palace was notably inferior.My husband had emailed the concierge ahead, unbeknown to me, asking for flowers and champagne in our room on arrival. Nothing was there when we checked in. He spoke to the concierge simply to make it clear that he didn't want to be charged and the concierge apologised profusely. Later that afternoon champagne and flowers duly appeared (along with a cake that declared Happy Anniversary...it was our honeymoon!) for which we were not charged. We felt that although this was a little glitch they more than made up for it.Oh, and we asked for a recommendation for somewhere to see flamenco and were directed to Cafe de Chinitas. It was geared completely towards tourists and a total rip off (200 euros and we weren't drinking!) and not really the genuine, gritty flamenco that we were looking for. They also recommended Thai Gardens, which was a wonderful Thai restaurant - the best I have ever eaten!

Quintessentially English We stayed at this hotel for only one night, and it was definitely too short an experience! We would have asked to stay another night but unfortunately we had to leave that day.The service and the smiles that you get with it are the characteristics that set this hotel apart. You get the feeling that the staff are really looking out for you, and genuinely want to to make your stay exceptional. There is no austerity nor pretentiousness about the place.We stayed in an executive double, which was small but perfectly formed. The room reflected on the hotel as a whole: quintessentially english but with all modern conveniences and luxuries too. I particularly liked the fact that nothing was stingy - there were more than ample toiletries (Penhaligon's), complimentary snacks etc. We went out after a light tea and returned at midnight starving so plunder the pantry was fantastic for us; the breakfast was also delicious.All in all, this hotel is onto a winner: 5 star facilities and service, in a great location, with a distinctly personal touch!

Fantastic authentic hotel Our bedroom

Good location Stayed here for four nights in mid December 2007 with my husband as part of a three month trip around the world. We had booked the hotel solely based on its rating and the reviews on this website. Firstly, the hotel is excellent value for money. We had a bed and breakfast deal and found the inclusion of breakfast a great bonus. We had a huge choice from the menu and the food was plentiful and excellent. It was also served until 11am which was great. The hotel is in a central location right behind the Zucolo. The rooms are clean and spacious. If you are on a budget or just want great value for money this is a perfect place to stay. However it is fairly basic so if you are looking for luxury, consider an alternative. The only criticism really, as other reviewers have said, is noise. We too were kept awake from all night construction on a site behind us. Also, the hotel plays piped music throughout the corridors from early in the morning which can be heard in the rooms. We are not early risers, preferring to enjoy the nocturnal sights of a city, and found this quite annoying and completely unnecessary. Another bonus with this hotel is the rooftop terrace which offers beautiful views and a great place to catch some sun during the day. Also at night we saw plenty of residents on the terrace drinking a bottle of wine and enjoying the lights of the city. Again another great facility if you are on a budget or just fancy a night in.

LOVED this hotel View from reception

Great hotel Stayed here for two nights in October and have to agree with most of what has already been written. The hotel is excellent, part of a big shopping mall and also right beside the buzzing and fascinating Mongkok. If you want to be down near Hong Kong itself with views of the bay then this is not the place to stay but we went down that part of the city several times quite easily by MTR or taxi and did not feel we were missing out by staying in Mongkok. In fact it was quite refreshing to be staying somewhere a little different. We were in a standard room but found it well above average, though small. The glass walled bathroom was quirky and the bathroom itself well stocked. Bed was comfortable. The only small criticisms were that there was some very obvious damp in the bathroom and the internet in the room was very expensive. Staff overall were friendly and efficient and we used the concierge service for restaurant recommendations and other information. Finally a word has to go to the fabulous rooftop pool and the magnificent spa. Prices for the treatments might seem a little off putting but are well worth it. We stayed here as part of a three month trip around the world and this was the best spa we came across.

Very cool place I stayed at the W San Francisco in September for two nights. While the location is a bit off the beat for shopping, the hotel itself is fabulous. My room was set in a corner with a nice view of the city. The bed is so comfortable and the linens and decor were very stylish. The bathrooms were large and very accomodating. At night the hotel turned very dark and gave off a very youthful vibe. The bar was very crowded with a young clientele. The hotel staff was very pleasant upon check in and the guests were an eclectic mix of business travelers and tourists. the fee for parking was outrageous - $40 day. I will return for another stay in Feb.

Great Hotel in Florence We are a 60+ couple, just back from a super Short Break in Florence at The Hotel Globus.The location was perfect, within easy walking distance from Train and Bus Stations, and in a street with lots of character, good inexpensive places to eat (including the cafes at the Market, just a few strides away) and also easy walking to the wonderful sights in this amazing city.The stairs up to Reception weren't really a problem, as we travelled light with just a bag each.However, at the end of our stay, the heavy bag was carried down for us.All the staff we met were really friendly and helpful, and we were able to help ourselves to tea or coffee as we chatted to them.The cleanliness of the Hotel was excellent, with clean towels each day, and we rather liked the heavy curtains, keeping the room dark for a comfortable sleep in the early morning.The double windows seemed fairly successful, but we did get some street noise on our last night.. We enjoyed the breakfasts, a good variety of fresh food, and no queues for the dining room in October!The Internet access was a bonus, and the lift good for going back to our room after long days of sight-seeing. We can also recommend the excellent bus service, and the charming young lady in the Tourist Office by Santa Maria Novellawho advised us about the Tickets.We would certainly stay at Hotel Globus again, and have no hesitation in adding our recommendation to the many others on this website.

Fabulous Find - made our trip We stayed here for just one night, but wish it was longer. The hotel is in a great location, the rooms are impressive and very comfortable and the staff very helpful and friendly. I would definately love to go back. A great find!

Wonderful Time Had a great time! Traveled to Hawaii for the first time in January of 2003. It ended up being two couples and we made a request for adjoining rooms and the were pleasantly able to accomadate us! We were upgraded to the ocean view room after expecting a view of nothing for the price we paid. Very convienent to everything, we never ate at the hotel, due to the prices that were posted in the hotel's lobby. There are too many decent priced restaurants around to justify the cost of eating at the hotel. Our group didn't rent a car from the airport we took a cab from the airport and found it easy to walk around. When we did more sightseeing we renting a car at Avis right around the corner and returned it that day to avoid the park charges, and by the way it is expensive to park anywhere. The beach was very easy to get to we walked right through the lobby of the Moana Surfrider and walked right onto the sand. The staff at the Moana were very nice and pleasantly served us drinks when we took many breaks from the sun. Had to laugh at the amount of hookers that line the street in front of the hotel at night. The only problem we had was on a rainy night the water ran on the inside portion of the window glass, this could explain the musty smell, but other than that no complaints on the room. The service is a little slower but isn't that what vacation is for, to slow down? Everyone there was very pleasant and would stay there again.

Nice Hotel But Extra Charges Were Annoying Bedroom

We had a great time! We stayed at the Normandie only one night. It was on Sat.5/5/07, prior to our cruise we were pleasantly surprised. From the reviews I expected something terrible it wasn't. What we expected was loud music a dirty hotel. Our room was quiet the most disgusting thing I saw was soiled carpeting in the room. We came to be outdoors not set in the hotel room. The location was good, especially being near the beautiful lagoon. It is right beside the fancy Caribe Hilton, so you can enjoy there shopping, Starbucks gardens. We opted to not eat at the expensive steakhouse next door. Instead we spoke w/ the cab drivers they directed us to an authentic restaurant. We hopped in a cab were taken to the Hacienda restaurant we walked back. The food was great the view was magnificent. Our restaurant pictures turned out really cool. We also realized after paying $7 per beer at the Caribe, that there is a small store right across the street. At this store you can buy snacks, beer misc. (like a Family Express) We are planning on going back next year. Just don't open your hotel window or the pigeons will try to fly in. Plus take your sunscreen you must see the Forts in Old San Juan.

Comfortable More photos

Beautiful Hotel Foyer

Not as good as expected Having read that the Marina Mandarin had had a huge makeove I expected something special and it was just average. Most of the staff were very pleasant and helpful although on one evening the girls in the bar were very off hand.The rooms are average and didn't really look as though they had been refurbished in fact I would say they were drab. The bathroom was super though. The pool staff were delightful as were the staff in the Italian restaurnat and the food was excellent there too. Would I go back - Probably not. We have been to the Pan Pacific over the road on several occasions and I would deffinately say it is better.

Excellent Location The Eastgate Tower is not plush, but it is very effective. We had a double suite, had two queen beds in one room, and twin beds in second bedroom. Two bathrooms, which was a very nice surprise. There were six of us staying for a week and it was PERFECT for us. With all the running around, the family room was nice to unwind before jetting out to dinner. The kitchen is small, but so what? Tons of takeout places in the neighborhood which we did a couple of nights b/c we were just too exhausted after taking in all the sites. Very close to Grand Central Terminal and bus routes take you anywhere! I highly recommend this place.

Nice, but Not Paris We stayed at the Eliot for 2 nights in mid March. While it is an exceeptional deal and in an excellent location, in spite of the recommendations of others, we founf it to clearly not be analagous either to the Riz or to a small Parisian boutigue hotel. Our suite was comfortable and well worht the price but the carpet was a bit stained and worn, and the lobby could have used a bit of brightening--it has gotten just a tad shabby. The rooms on Mass Ave and Commonewealth are inordinately noisey. That siad, for the price it is still a lovely place and very enoyable..parking is $29. a night, so expect a few add-ons. You can't beat the location and the staff is nice--but it is not a mini-version of the Ritz...note even close.

Very nice The service care I received was amazing. The Hotel is very trendy and has a boutique hotel feel to it. I loved coming into my room and having music play in the room speakers. The hotel is located in Polanco which is a very nice upscale neighborhood in Mexico City. Breakfast in the morning was very good, fruits were fresh the ambiance was nice. This was included in our room rate!I recommend this hotel to anybody that wants to stay in a non resort like hotel in walking distance to the many luxury shops in the area.

A very nice experience Just got back from two days at the Wyndham. This is an older hotel and you can tell that, but we felt it was maintained well. Our room directly faced the ocean - absolutely stunning views! The staff was extremely nice to us, we had no problems whatsoever with anything. The food and drinks were overpriced - which we expected. Our family enjoyed looking at all their banquet rooms and expecially the one on the highest floor which had an awesome view of the Miami area. We usually stay at new hotels - I am not a fan of older hotels at all, but found this one to be clean, elegant in an old fashioned way, and had many amenities. The beach was beautiful and we spent many hours there along with spending time in the pool which changes colors at night. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who can stay there for under $150/nite. We got a discount rate from our cruise line for only $99.00 a night and I felt it was a bargain. I would and plan on staying there again on our next cruise. It is a far better hotel than the Wyndham Coconut Grove in Miami, in my opinion. One last tip, if you eat in the restaurant, be aware - they automatically add a 17% gratuity to your bill (at least they did for us on the Thanksgiving dinner we had which was delicious!)

Romance is in the air! Big waves here

good clean friendly Average size rooms for europe (will seem small for US standard rooms) but clean and comfortable. We had two rooms both were nice. The bathrooms was very clean all new tile; one had a tub/shower, the one a shower. Our rooms didn't have the view, but faced inside and were quite. I found the front desk to be very helpful with suggestions. There are a couple brasseries close by. Only a couple hundred meters to the Ecole metro. Easy walk to the Eiffel tower, Invalides or other sites in area. I have no problem recommending this hotel if you are looking for a place in this area for a couple nights in Paris.

Beautiful Marriott, excellent location This is a really beautiful hotel. The bed linens and the bed were absolutely heavenly! It is right on the water and just up the hill is the famous Pike's Market. There is a Starbucks right next door to the hotel. Excellent downtown location, tons of shopping (Macy's, Nordstroms, Nordstroms Rack, etc) nearby as well as wonderful restaurants. You should also check out Ohana's on 1st Ave, which is an excellent sushi restaurant/tiki bar (about a 7 min walk from hotel).

Great hotel, excellent customer service My fiancee and I stayed here over the weekend for his birthday. As a HiltonHonors Diamond member, our room was upgraded and we received a good, complimentary breakfast buffet each morning. The entire staff was wonderful, from the bellhops to housekeeping to frontdesk staff. Excellent location too, about 1/2 block to Times Square subway station. Tons of theaters within walking distance as well, not to mention great restaurants!

Great hotel for families! My husband and I regularly stay at the Giraffe both for business and pleasure. It is a convenient location to get around the city (just across the street from a train stop) and the hotel itself is quite comfortable. On our last trip we brought along our 3-year old and they went all out to make his stay fun. The front desk always knew his name, calling him Mr. Alex, which he got quite a kick out of. The concierge helped to secure a babysitter for a couple of evenings, which was a nice way to detour from children's activities to a broadway show.The complimentary buffet breakfasts in the lobby are done quite elegantly, with various cereals, breads, cheeses, fruits, etc. Plus an espresso machine makes a variety of caffeine-loaded drinks that is much needed for navigating your way around the city (there is also a nice selection of teas). In the evening they serve wine and cheese, the ideal way to wind down after a busy day. The rooms are fairly big by NYC standards. We booked a junior suite which had a good size living room and a bedroom. Good closet space (so many rooms in NYC don't have that so when I come across a hotel that does I am thrilled) and a very pleasant and helpful staff. We had to extend our stay 2 days because our son became ill and they accommodated us with no problems. Also, if you are traveling with kids, there is a great playground 1 block away where the kids can mess around and tire themselves out!A highly recommended hotel for everyone.

Excellent Hotel The only criticism of this hotel is its inoperative website. We ended up having to call the hotel to make a booking. We upgraded and had a superior room and that made all the difference. It was large and quite comfortable, and very imaginatively furnished. The staff is multi-lingual and very friendly. It is well located in the heart of the commercial and tourist district and one can take the inexpensive bus that runs from the airport and walk about a block and a half to the hotel. We never ate in the hotel so we cannot say anything about the food. They have a solarium on the 6th floor which is lovely in good weather. In light of the cost of hotels in Europe and the strength of the Euro against the dollar, this hotel struck us a reasonably good value, especially since it would be hard to find a better location.

Great location, better than expected room, good service, comfy beds! I took my mom to NYC for her Birthday. We planned to see 5 shows in 4 days, so wanted to stay in Times Square, near the theaters. The Marriott Marquis is my mom's sentimental favorite in NYC, so although I *really* didn't want to deal with the elevators and crowds there, we booked the Marquis, because after all, it was HER weekend. I have to say that Mom, as always, was right about this place! I was pleasantly surprised with the improvements they have made to this property. They fixed the elevators, which are now all electronically coordinated so that we never had to wait more than a minute or so for an elevator. We had a large (for NYC) room on the 36th floor and had a great view of Times Square (which we paid extra for, but we thought it was worth it for the small amount of time we actually spent in the room). Super comfy beds, newly updated decor, nice bathroom with marble counterops. See the Drowsy Chaperone which is playing at the Marquis theater. It is a throwback to old Broadway, where shows were just fun and meant to entertain us. No big social message...just happy and fun.Anyway, I'd stay at the Marquis again. Its not cheap, but conveniently located for the Theaters and easy to take the subway Times sq shuttle to Grand central station so you can catch the subway to many points in NY .

5 Stars?!?! You're kidding, right? I am currently staying at the Hotel Majestic. I had my business travel agent book this hotel based largely on the reviews on TripAdvisor. Upon checking in, I asked about the size of the room, as I had read some reviews complaining that some rooms were quite small. (Also, as I was checking in, I overheard 2 people trying to change rooms because they weren't happy with their first rooms). I must compliment the front desk clerk who helped me check in. She was extremely nice, but when I asked her about whether my room had a view or was a nice size, she frowned and said, that yes, indeed, I had been booked in one of the smaller rooms, but a nicer, larger room was available if I was willing to pay more. Since I have been traveling on business in Europe for more than a week and desperately needed sleep, I decided the extra charge was worth it for a better room, so I took it. While the room does have an extra sitting area, I have to say that this room is NOT of 5 star quality. There are marks on the walls, the furniture upholstery is worn, and the overall qualilty is more of a 3.5 star hotel, as far as rooms are concerned. There is also the annoying LOUD sound of water rushing through pipes on the other side of the wall of the room, approximately once an hour. The lobby area is nice, and the general location of the hotel is quite good, but as a business traveler, I really want the rooms and beds to be nice and comfortable. This marginally passes those criteria, particularly for the price for this room. Also, there is no ethernet connection so I am connected to a wireless connection that is not very reliable. Location (and some good online reviews) were the deciding factors in choosing the Majestic. However, having been here one day already, I am disappointed and wish I had gone with my first inclination to stay at the Hotel Arts. I would encourage the Hotel Majestic management to update the rooms and also encourage restaurant staff to make foreign visitors feel a bit more welcome.

Not so grand I will try to keep an open mind when writing this review, as it is easy to pick out only the bad points when telling about things. I arrived at the San Juan Beach hotel 8/31/07 and was given a lagoon view smoking room. (I had requested a ocean view non-smoking) I contacted the front desk and was immediately swapped into the proper room. The walls and floor was damp, but being fair it seems almost impossible that they wouldn't be because of the fact that they are between the bay and the ocean. The floors were dirty...no excuse for that...there hasn't been a vaccuum in room 703 in quite some time (maybe months) so the sand just sticks to your clean feet. The bathroom wasn't swept the entire time we were there...I know this because I actually circuled (in pencil) the large dirt pieces on the floor to see if the maid would notice (She did not). The windows were filthy! There was no excuse for how dirty the windows were because having an ocean view it would be nice to see the ocean! My husband attempted to raise the window and the glass and frame literally came out of the track and fell into his hands. (Luckily he got it back in track and left it be.) The elevators are slow, but they get the job done. We had free continental breakfast everyday, expect for the day that someone took the key home with them and there was no breakfast. (I didn't ask what key, I was afraid I didn't want to know.) If you aren't expecting anything grand then you'll be fine...but I do prefer clean accomodations. I honestly feel that with a better housekeeping staff this hotel would be okay. Sure the hotel could use a bit of time from the local handy man...but the main problem is the dirt. I guess I'd rather stay in a clean motel 6 than to stay in a dirty 4 star hotel.

Loved this hotel First, I don't know how anyone could say that this hotel was quite a way from Las Ramblas??? It was right around the corner. We are going to Barcelona again next year and we have reserved our same room that we had last year. It was a beautiful hotel. Very nice sized rooms and awesome bathrooms, plus it had great A/C and a great view from the roof top restuarant and pool. We had room 33 and it had a small balcony that looked out over the marina and it was awesome. We could easily walk to Port Olympic (where there are WAY more options in dining than Las Ramblas has) The staff was friendly and for next year we booked with them direct... didn't bother with Expedia, and we just had to give them a CC # to hold the room... with Expedia you have to pay up front.

We were satisfied. This is a nice hotel, although not in an especially pretty neighborhood being two blocks from Union Square. The room was small, but very nicely furnished. The bed was very comfortable and we had a down comforter and lots of pillows. The staff is very friendly and helpful, and the wine reception at night was a nice touch. If I were to recommend one thing it would be for a safety bar in the tub area. I had a difficult time getting out of the narrow deep tub with nothing to hold on to. They serve coffee in the morning in the lobby. There is a nice little cafe nearby that serves a very reasonable breakfast. The hotel is four blocks from Powell Market Street although we were able to get off the Cable Car at O'Farrrell which was two blocks away.

Great central NYC location! There's no better place to stay if you want to be right in the middle of it all! Smack in the middle of the wonderful chaos that is Times Square, mere feet away from the best of Broadway (including the half-price ticket line), and subway stations. Walking distance to Rockefeller center, Central Park, and other top NYC destinations! Of course this location means sirens and honking taxicabs at all hours, as well as hoards of pedestrians and tourists filling every inch of the sidewalk. Don't stay here if you're looking for peace and quiet, although I must say the windows are fairly successful at keeping out all the noise. The rotating restaurant on the roof is a must-see, even if just for drinks. It's too bad they took out the rotating cafe on the main lobby floor, but the new renovations and additional restaurants are wonderful! Weekend brunch is a pretty good value too, especially since the restaurants right outside your door are incredibly overpriced. Get out of Times Square if you're looking for a more authentic NYC experience. The Marriott Marquis can't be beat though if you want to stay right in Times Square/Broadway!! I've stayed here many times, with family and for business, and I keep coming back.

Great Boutique Hotel This is a great boutique hotel located in the financial district of Seattle, just a 10 minute walk from Pike Place Market. Maybe not the best place to stay if you want to be right in the middle of the action though. Vintage Park has a great restaurant and wine tastings right in the hotel. If you want to stay in a little quieter area, but still close enough to all the excitement of Seattle, I'd definitely recommend the Vintage Park. The rooms are awesome, with really comfortable beds, a large bathroom, and beautiful decor.

Great hotel in a great location! The Astoria is a beautiful old hotel with lots of charm. The front desk staff was very helpful, although slightly limited with their English. The rooms were spacious with simple decor and artistic touches, the bathrooms were large and clean, and the building itself seemed well taken care of. I'm not sure where all these negative reviews come from! It's not the Ritz, but it's comfortable, clean, and well-situated, right down the street from the Medici chapels and the train station, and just a 5 minute walk to Il Duomo. Great restaurants right outside as well as a small supermarket. I wouldn't recommend eating in the hotel restaurant, especially with so many outstanding options just outside your door. Definitely check out the roof balcony if the weather's nice. Lounge/bar area a great place to meet with a group.

Riu...Really?? My husband and I just got in yesterday from a week at the Riu Taino and I couldn't wait to sit down to write this. We travel to the DR twice a year and couldn't wait to get there this year. Before driving up to the Riu Taino we drove through the Naibo first. The smell of sewage was soo strong that I honestly thought the driver took the wrong turn...The roads leading up were over flowing with sewage..The looks one the guest staying there said it all!! We were to originallly suppose to stay there but after reading the reviews I changed to the Taino 2 days before our depature. Upon arrival to the Taino check in was fast and easy...Finding our room..not so..We get to our room the door is open and the bed had been slept in...and the bathroom used..The Guys at the front desk didn't believe us and told us they had nothing else left!!After losing my cool we were finally assigned a new room which was much better. Yes beds are hard....Yes if you read this bring your own pillow!!!! You only get one per bed and they are flat as pancakes!! Grounds are beautiful...pool area always kept clean..beach gorgeous!! Buildings are very tired looking and are in desperate need of TLC. Staff....-Pool guys awesome!! -Servers at breakfast and dinner very attentive after being tipped -Housekeeping...hmmm ...I tipped extra one day and got 2 burnt out bulbs replaced! -Front Desk...Now these guys were the most upsetting. They couldnt be bothered with you what so ever!! Its very upsetting when one understands spanish...And these guys don't realize it. Some one at the Riu chain should teach these rude ignorant Boys some manners. I have never been so insulted in my life!! I am not from Germany nor am I from Italy...I am a Canadian who would appreciate the same respect that I give you!! I have stayed at many Riu's before and have never been treated in this manner. 1/2 of the people on our bus staying here all had the same experiences as us...the [--] fest one the bus I do have to say was one of the best highlights of this trip..Usually I am upset when the final day comes...as most of us get..This time around I couldn't wait to get back to the snow and the -10 weather..take that as you may..

Superb Location! Great location for tourists. Really clean (if somewhat small) rooms. Helpful staff. Lovely restaurant / bar next door.Would certainly recommend!!

Top notch stay(s) at the Hyatt Waikiki My husband and I had a three night pre-cruise stay in late July at the Hyatt Waikiki booked on Gold Passport points in the Regency Club, mountain view. The room was large, newly redocorated and had a flat panel tv, as well as a view of Diamond Head and a balcony. The bed wasn't as comfortable as most Hyatts we have stayed at, but we were usually exhausted so it was fine. It was a little dark as it was on the shady side, but cool and comfortable. There was a coffee maker, but we never used it as we had Regency Club privileges. The main pool is very small, but there is a private rooftop sundeck with padded loungers, a hot tub, and free bottled water and towels for Regency Club guests. You can get free backpack beach chairs at the pool to take across the street to the famous Waikiki Beach. The location of the hotel is perfect--across the street from the best action on Waikiki with the beach boys and surfboard rentals. And a thirty second stroll to shopping, from the most expensive designer store to the ubiquitous ABC stores. There's also a good, cheap beach bar for inexpensive lunches and snacks on this beach, called Hyatt on the Beach. We came back to the Hyatt for one night and most of the next day post cruise as we had a red eye flight to Vegas. Although we could not obtain Regency Club reservations on initial booking for this part of the trip, upon check-in we were upgraded to the Ambassador Suite since they could not get us a room near my parents, who were traveling with us. The suite was nearly 1600 square feet, with two huge bedrooms, two bathrooms, a living and a dining room with every amenity, including Regency Club service. Now that's an upgrade! Cary, Mark, and Micheline of the Regency Club staff deserve special mention by name for their outstanding customer service--and I have seen them mentioned on several websites. They all go the extra mile every day for their guests. Cary and Mark's smiling interplay with guests and each other keep the cocktail hour guests entertained. Regency Club includes free continental breakfast in a private lounge and free evening cocktails and snacks. The food and drinks are always great, the service is stellar and it's fun to meet other guests in an intimate atmosphere. Oh, the service....they mailed my postcards for me, they brought me a fresh vegetable tray when they noticed I was looking for more...they gave me a to go cup to take my gin and tonic to the airport...and Micheline recommended tours, as well as checking us out in the Club and arranging for us to stay in the suite until 6 p.m. on checkout day (instead of 11 a.m.) Plus we could enjoy Regency Club hospitality until we left for the airport at 8 p.m. In short, having a regular room at the Hyatt may not be as special ---but if you can swing it, or are a Gold Passport member, I would highly recommend a stay here in the Regency Club. I'm dreaming of the day when I can go back. It's all about the service!

Agree about location and faults We were here in April so not too crowded and we had a room on the 1st floor quite near the elevator. I did explore and found the long hall and stairs to the other floors as mentioned by others. Our room was small but otherwise fine as was the small bath.Breakfast was meager even for Italy but better than nothing.We booked because of the location near the train station, though in the rain it wasn't close enough! We also took a bus to Siena from the station right close and yes, walking to the main sights and market was very easy. One of the best things was a little restaurant a couple of doors away called La Grotta di Leo where meals were reasonably priced and apparently popular with the locals. We ate there 3 times along with family and school groups in the various rooms which were always full.

Fab-u-lous! Pool area on a chilly day

Fantastic location! I stayed here with a Contiki Tour. The rooms are very clean and each room has a kitchennette with a microwave and fridge and stove top which is very useful (there is a fantastic market right across the street which is open 24/7). Starbucks is on the corner for caffeine addicts like me! Bathroom was spotless. There were 2 double beds in our room and a safe. TV with loads of channels. Pay TV as well although didn't have time to watch any. The hotel is a 5 minute walk from 72nd Street Subway Station which is on the express and local lines so was 1 stop to Times Square. I walked from Fifth Avenue back to the hotel and it only took 25 minutes - slow walk.

great hotel Stayed here at the beginning of September for 3 nights and is a lovely hotel, large rooms, helpful staff and very clean and modern. Unfortunately we got a room on the 4th floor with barely a view to speak of, but thats minor really. The best bit was breakfast in the Twist bar. Pancakes, waffles, danish , toast, fruit, cereals, all the fried stuff and a complimentary smoothie. Fantastic. OK, so the hotel is great but the location if you dont have a car is not good at all. Do not go to LA if you dont have wheels because its so large and spread out and the public transport is pointless. Although you have the chinese theatre outside, thats it. I wouldnt walk about in this area alone, especially at night and to get anywhere else is an expensive cab ride away. If you can afford it, stay in Beverly Hills. Much nicer.

Best quality- price value This hotel is a million times better and cheaper that the Colon one. I have been in both and I can say that this one should be the 4 star one. The rooms are big, clean, with lots of decoration and most of them have a balcony.The staff is very friendly and helpfull. The restaurant is quite good too.The location is unbeatable, right in front of the Cathedral.

Totally overrated This is a 4 star hotel that should be 3. Unlike to what happens to Regencia de booked a room in Regencia de Colon because we had been there before and we loved it. Besides that, this hotel was extremely expensive.When we got to the Regencia de Colon, they told us that we were going to be upgraded to the Colon one so we were very happy. However, our happyness only lasted a couple of minutes till we saw our room. It was tiny for a 4 star hotel (half of the side the one) dated, bare and it stank of smoke. Besides that we got a room that overlooked the cathedral which was on works so the noise was totally unbearable, specially in the mornings. The toilet was also old and quite dirty.We were very disappointed with the hotel and wanted to go back to the Regencia one but they told us that is was overbooked! So it was our last time in this chain.

Will Definitely Go Again The last week of February my roomate and I went to the Occidental in Punta Cana for a 1 week vacation. We are both 22, incase people think age matters with these reviews. We stayed in a Jr.Suite because when we booked our trip the normal rooms and the jr. rooms where the same price. I would definitely get a jr. suite if I went again. I loved almost everything about the resort. The only complaint I have is the check in system, which other reviewers have also complained about. However, since the only problem was that it took a little while to check into the room, I really dont see it as an issue that would keep be from going back. The beach and pool and whole resort area was so clean and well kept. We walked for a good hour or 2 in both directions along the beach (walk onto the other resorts beaches) and we by far had one of the nicest locations. Food was great. I'm allergic to just about everything and I even found great food to eat! We ate at the Brazillian, Italian and mexican resturants and really enjoyed it all.Oo and just like another reviewer had said. DO go to you're orrientation. I found it was quite helpful!CANT WAIT TO GO BACK!

The best Hotel in London!! this hotel lived up to its reviews and so much more.the hotel let us check in at 10am in the morning! when we only planned to store our luggage there until the room was available.The room was spacious, and so modern for london. There was plenty of room to move, and the shower and bed was great!we got free dvds to hire, free internet, and then the day we checked out, we stored our luggage for free there until 6pm!!this hotel was gorgeous and modern.I will only stay here now in london, i wish i found this hotel when we first stayed in london instead of trialing alot of dumps first!!location excellent as well. walking distance from victoria and westminister. Perfect!!

Is this a boutique hotel or Hampton Inn wannabe? I have some mixed feelings about this place, though in the final balance of things I would recommend it. Here are my compliments and (not huge) gripes:on the plus side:--very comfortable bed, nice selection of high quality pillows, excellent small lights/sconces for restful evenings, handy fridge/microwave/coffemaker--WINDOWS THAT OPEN -- and large ones at that, with wonderful views. Nothing like sleeping with fresh instead of bottled air.--great that they filter the tap water--if your room is near the ice and soda machines, don't worry -- they automatically turn off at 7 p.m. so no white noise! (products still available thru the night)--very friendly staff, who try to help--TWO bathrobes in the room! (I always wonder about those many places that only have one in the room -- when so many people travel in pairs).on the minus:--online reservation system/auto. confirmation letter does not include promised room rate! you just have to trust them that the price will remain the same...--They are VERY kind in offering that you can come behind the front desk and use their computer/printer to print something out without charge. I realize this is very unusual. However, their software is VERY old so don't count on it being able to recognize your file!--The coffee in the room is a Starbucks pack and of wretched quality, and no cartons of 1/2 n 1/2 or milk offered -- only yucky unhealthy powdered creamer.--One of the outside key-entry doors along a side of the building doesn't work well, maybe not at all, and the staff seemed aware of the problem but it wasn't being addressed.--USA Today delivered to the door instead of the Seattle Times? It's a Seattle-themed place -- how about offering a local paper instead of the most low-brow of national rags?--Cramped looking workout room means you're working out virtually on top of others -- just a bunch of equipment piled in there -- my workout room at home is more spacious!--The breakfast buffet, while ample, is not worth the time and effectively wastes an opportunity to have a great meal in a great foodie-lover's town (HORRIBLE coffee, juice not fresh and some more like Sunny Delight, scary looking pastries definitely not freshly baked or high quality, scrambled eggs looked like they were reconstituted powdered variety). This is the thing that makes me think that it's more like a Hampton Inn or H-I Express. And then, once you start to see the affinity with a motel chain, other details emerge in the same vein -- the ice machine plop in the hallway, the low quality TV, the absence of staff/services that would normally be present in a boutique hotel.All that said, the price was great (we paid $159 for a standard room), the location is perfect if you know what you are doing (people who complain about this didn't do their research!), it has a positive and personal feel altogether. We would certainly be willing to stay there again.

Excellent all around I expected to get a leftover room since I booked through Priceline, yet not only did I receive the type of room I requested (with two beds), but I was given one on a high (11th) floor with a view of Puget Sound and the Pike Place Market without even requesting!The room was very spacious and had nice touches to make one feel comfortable: pillow top mattresses, four down pillows per bed (!), a pair of bathrobes in the closet, nice toiletries (basil/lemon scented), granite sink, additional sink outside the bathroom, TV discretely placed inside an armoire, and one wall a floor-to-ceiling window with several attractive layers of drapes. The climate control worked beautifully regulating the temperature in the room. Everything was perfectly clean. The beds were very comfortable. Newspapers delivered in the morning included two on Saturday morning (the Saturday Seattle Times and the Sunday edition).Attendants were polite in every encounter we had -- at the front desk and with housekeeping.The only flaw in the room that I noticed was that when people showered in adjacent rooms there was a sort of rumbling sound that came through the walls. Another negative: The Elephant Castle Pub downstairs may fancy itself to be an English pub, but it does not at all have the atmosphere of one -- way too sports bar-ish and dull.All together, an excellent hotel that can be booked at an extremely reasonable price.

I really wanted to like it I love to stay in small-scale, modest inns and consider myself to be tolerant of a bit of grottiness, minimal service, noise, etc.... Being a Seattle native and UW alum, I've wanted to try the College Inn for years. I was thus so very inclined to like this place -- but came away with a combination of anger, disappointment, and the decision not to return. Here's why:--This place is not clean where it matters. The blanket on my bed STANK of some other person's perfume or deoderant -- very distinctive, not an aftersmell of detergent. If they wash the blankets at all, they don't do a very good job. --The shower drain was badly plugged up, so that within a few seconds I was standing in my own wastewater, which, of course, then sloshes together with the remains of other people's showers -- ugh, I don't want to go on thinking about that....--I was promised a double room and received a twin room (two twin beds). This was after having booked well ahead of time and getting both a phone and email confirmation of this. They were completely full and since we were staying for only one night, I have a strong suspicion that we were given whatever was left over. I also know that they had switched rooms on us at some late point b/c I had received a call from Chris, the manager, giving me the room number and telling me that since we were arriving late in the p.m. to get buzzed up and just go straight to that room which would be unlocked. On arrival I found that the door was locked (I probably disturbed whoever was there by trying the knob), and I had to buzz the staff who live upstairs to let me into the room that they had set aside for me -- a different one from what I was originally promised.--The next morning, when I mentioned the room switch, the manager did not at all appear surprised or concerned. He said that it should not have happened but his statement that it shouldn't happen again was not at all convincing.--Website is dishonest: under Parking it says, Saturday and Sunday free parking one-half block away on a space-available basis. When I called to get directions to this free parking area I was told that it is between 42nd and 43rd on Brooklyn -- which is more like 5 blocks away from the inn. We're walkers, so NBD, but this seems to me to be indicative of a tendency to paint a rosier picture than what actually exists.--Having had a difficult day of travel and getting only 5 hours of sleep, the next morning I made the error of leaving a clothing item in the room. Two days later, I realize that it is missing and I work hard to follow up with the staff there to locate it. I leave a message, call back when I don't get the courtesy of a return call, stop by in person to inquire, speak with Joe (I think that was his name) as well as Dean. I get a couple of assurances that I will receive a call back -- they say they have to check with housekeeping. Even with my repeated calls, including an angry final call that got me the assurance that Chris would call me back the next day, nobody ever bothered to phone me, even to tell me that the item went missing. My guess is that this has happened before, so no big deal from their perspective, and that in my case the housekeeping staff knew someone who could use my clothing item.The only positive comment I will make is a heartfelt one -- but it isn't about the Inn, it's about the College Inn Pub downstairs. The place is friendly and has an excellent choice of ales. Scruffy and real, if you are a beer enthusiast and are after authenticity instead of hype and polish, I would really recommend the Pub.

marriott times square- location, location My sister and I just returned from a 4 night stay at the Marriott Times Square. It is near Times Square, on 40th street, but quiet at night. Staff very friendly and helpful. A delightful visit. We also enjoyed the Pig and Whistle Pub on 47th street near Broadway.We had the pleasure of seeing Les Paul at the Iridium, and recommend this show to anyone who is a fan of Les Paul. The people near us had come from far away to see him.

Great snorkeling at Copamarina Beach Resort We just spent 4 nights at Copamarina Beach Resort. A fabulous place. Gilligan's Island is a great place for snorkeling and general water play, accessible by a ferry from the resort. There is also snorkeling on the reef with Sea Ventures. Yacao has a big shopping center, with lots of places to eat. If you desire to go to a supermarket, there is one near the McDonald's just south of Rte 333. But don't drive into Guanica, (left at Burger King) the roads are being resurfaced and are all torn up.

Not a hotel for Hilton Diamond Members I booked my stay at this hotel in April 2007 for the period December 25th to December 31. I checked at least 3 times (two in December) to ensure that I was on the list for an upgrade. I have been a Hilton Diamond Member for over 4 years and have a continuance until April 2009.Arrived on December 25th to a sold out hotel. They did have a king size room reserved in the Tapia Tower overlooking the garden pool and over the band area of the cocktail lounge. The band played from 7:30 p.m. until 11:00 p.m. I asked to be notified of any potential upgrades over the 6 day stay and was told by the manager Kim that all rooms were pre-assigned.They did provide a complimentary continental breakfast coupon. I was advised that all executive floors are closed and there will no longer be an executive lounge. In other words this resort is not seeking or rewarding business members.Imagine my surprise re upgrades when on December 31st I was referred to the refreshment room in the Tapia Towers to find this room was a suite overlooking the ocean. Why use a suite for a quick change room prior to travel?Food and beverage was expensive. Room service was good. This hotel is for tourist groups and families. I do not recommend it for business or single person travel.

True Rest and Relaxation Ooh lala beach pool in front of Tao Restaurant

Elegant, clean and spacious My husband and I visited Barcelona and booked the Icaria through Hotel Connexions. I was worried that it would be a bit 'out of the way' but as we like to use public transport, we found the hotel after a 15 minute train journey to Passeig de Gracia with a change to the yellow metro line taking us the 4 stops to Ciutadella Vila Olimpica. It was still a 10 minute walk from there but once we found the hotel, we felt comfortable with our choice! Although we were quite early, we were offered a twin room which was ready or the keys to view it to help us decide, or we could wait for the double room we had booked. The receptionist rightly said that the twins were slightly larger and we were glad that we decided to take the twin room. We never had to queue for the reception as there was always plenty of staff on duty, especially booking out time! Food is available all day with some options available all night as well. Breakfast was included in our room rate which we were glad about because quite a few people seemed surprised at breakfast that breakfast wasn't included in their rate and it was an extra 15 Euros each. You can eat 'bar snack' type meals which are reasonable or opt for the restaurant meals. Breakfast was ok for a Spanish hotel with plenty of fresh fruit and pastries, not much choice of cereal and no chance of a decent cup of tea!!! We enjoyed our stay, found the staff very helpful and able to speak good English, comfy beds, good bathrooms....we would love to go there again!

Ready to go back again :) My husband wanted the best for our honeymoon and thats exactly what we got at ritz-carlton, bali.....its a beautiful hotel with excellent facilties and is a perfect destination for a romantic-getaway... cut off from rest of the island, on-top-of the cliff it provides a view to the indian ocean that makes u feel that u n ur beau are alone in this world.... we stayed in an ocean-view room , so the view stayed with us throughout the trip...getting down to the facilties there.... the ocean-view, sea-food restaurant is a must.... even if u r vegetarian, go down there for a drink and to enjoy the sun-set.... each of the pools are located in such a way that they seem to be gradully merging into the ocean... once u take a dip in them, u never feel like gettin out...the beach.... o my gawd the kobu beach ..... we went there early morning and it was almost like having ur own private beach... completely secluded.... small but clean and beautiful :)breakfast buffet is also made keeping in mind the diverse nationalities... a huge spread to satisfy all palates...spa is a must too ,..... it transends u to another world....i think a special mention should be made of the staff there..... they are always smiling, willing to help and make you feel special in all ways possible....... i can go on and on about the hotel.... but really that hotel should be experienced and not read about.....me and beau are ready to go back there next year....

Never-ever going back This was supposed to be a stop-over.... and this was the only hotel we had trusted our travel agent to book on his own without ocnsulting us...... throughout our trips we had stayed in a five star accommodation only..... and our agent assured us that a four star in singapore is like a five star anywhere else in the world.....the only good thing about this hotel is its location..... its in the heart of the city, so most of the city attrcations are a walkable distance.....thats where the good things of the hotel stops.....carpets are dirty...... rooms so small dat after u put your luggage , there is no place to move....the smoking floors truely smell....... u have to hold your breath to go to the lift.......the pool is so small and it faces the lobby which is a very awkward location too....i will not recommend this hotel to anyone at all.......

Good, basic accomodations that did not disappoint The hotel is fairly clean and in a great location. It is on a very busy street so you do hear a lot of traffic noise during the day, although at night it's not that bad. The location can't be beat if you want to be close to shopping, Chinatown, Union Square, and public transportation. My room was small, clean if you don't look to hard, and freshly painted. It had a clawfoot bathtub and a view down to the shops on Grant Street. As long as you are not expecting anything more than a reasonably clean, safe hotel with basic accomodations that's not fancy, you will not be disappointed here. In this price range, it's better than the majority. For the right price, I would not hesitate to stay here again.

Just OK We just got back from sunny Punta Cana, where we stayed at the Sirenis Tropical/Cocotal Resort Spa and Casino. TIP: DO NOT pay a cent extra to stay at the Tropical as the only difference is a slightly larger room.First of all -- we are truly pretty easy to please. We are on holidays - so we are relaxed and really are not complainers. Overall, we had a great time, great weather and such, but the Sirenis resort was OK at best.Basically, we have decided that if we return to Punta Cana, we will spend the extra $200-400 or so to stay in a quality resort. Small details are the things that make the difference. The grounds are nice, the food OK (you can usually find something) and the beach is pretty. Both pools are shallow in most areas, therefore there are children everywhere with no real designated child area. Most kids are great and well behaved-- but this can still take away from your element of relaxation. Ironically, the swim up bars are located right next to the kiddie shallow areas. My husband and I always laugh at people who write about language barriers BUT this time it WAS really obvious. It was nearly impossible to communicate, staff was honestly often unfriendly (not all ----but definitely front desk area) and they really just liked to pass the buck so to speak. Not even for anything major --- just simple things like trying to get a bottle of water. Often, you'd just accept that you wouldn't get anywhere and forget about what you were looking for and deal with it. The door to our room was ridiculously tight and hard to open. I actually got stuck IN the room one day -- and due the the language barrier we not only couldn't seem to get the door fixed, but I was stuck in the room for nearly an hour waiting for someone to come. I had to phone 4 times.Plan to wait in fairly long line ups if you want dinner reservations.New Years we had to book to eat at the buffet and waited in line for over an hour. It was the only place you could eat and you had to have a ressie. Goofy.Anyway ---- not to go on and on, but here is my BIGGEST complaint.CLEANLINESS!!! I like clean and tidy. This resort often has glasses, plates, garbage floating around everywhere - especially in the morning when you'd expect it to be clean and fresh. When they come around periodically to collect glasses, they dump them (right in front of you) into the plants STRAWS, LIMES and all. This is just left in the plants. There are hardly any garbage cans around, so lots of garbage just gets left all over. The garbage cans they do have do not have bags in them, and they don't get rinsed often. Therefore - there is often a rotten smell coming from them --- WHILE you're laying at the pool!! It's really yucky! Further more -- pool cleaning and such is done during the day while people are using the pool. Most resorts that I have been to do this at night while people aren't around to see. It is really kind of gross. It's just those small details that to my husband and I, make a difference in how you relax and enjoy your holiday. To us, it is definitely worth a bit of extra money to not see dirt falling from the hallway above you as the maid sweeps onto the roof outside your room. Just yucky. Also the resort is really starting to show signs of agin...exposed wiring, (we had live wires from our patio door air conditioner thingy), peeling paint, broken railings and such.If you like clean --- I'd skip this resort. Surface tidy it is --- but clean it isn't.Oh - and we saw cockroaches --- on the grounds, in our wing of building. There was also a dead tarantula lying on the sidewalk at the shops. Not a large deal --- but GOOD GOD!! Just sweep it away. TIPS: Everyone (including your tour guide) will tell you NOT to drink anything but bottled water. They put 4 in your room each day and that's all. You cannot get it anywhere else, no matter how much you ask. I was 6 months pregnant on this trip and they still wouldn't give us water. We tipped the maid lots extra though and she made sure we had plenty of water.There are no alarm clocks in your room. Bring one if that is a concern -- because wake up calls only came on some days, not on others. Almost missed an excursion.Towels - there are only two towels, one bathmat and two small handtowels in your room. No faceclothes. If you don't put your towels on the floor -- you aren't going to get a new one no matter how dirty they are. Again, not a large deal --- but took a couple of days to figure out.Restaruants -- if you're going soon, there are two new restaraunts that they don't tell you about. There is an Italian and a Japenese. Try both!! The Italian is listed on the map ---- but not where it is on the resort. They moved it.Saona Island Excursion ---- worth seeing as it is gorgeous!!!! Expensive though --- and a long drive through poor, poor country. The drive is not for the faint of heart, as you will honestly be terrified that your driver will kill someone. NOT KIDDING!!All in all, we had fun, we relaxed and that is exactly why we went. BUT, that being said -- we won't return to the Sirenis -- it's just not worth the money. I hear the Bahia Principe, the Majestic and the Iberostar are the way to go!!! Spend a little bit extra and I gaurantee you won't be as disappointed as we were.

Great Find! Stayed here in June 2004. Wonderfully located with easy access to transportation (Zoo Station) and within walking distance to major attractions. The hotel is clean, quiet, and the room we had was large by european standards (vaulted ceiling and large marble bathroom). The staff was friendly and courteous. However, when venturing out for the day you must leave you room key at the front desk. Will definately return.

Loved It!!! Beach and shipwreck

best in many ways Love the name. Very convenient location to all forms of transportation. Always felt safe.Loved the decor. Took in theatre right across the street. Desk crew always kind and informative.I would stay there again and recommend highly.

Heaven in Indonesia. This hotel is absolutely lovely and lived up to every expectation and more. The beach front location is great, it's quiet enough to relax but only a short taxi ride away from the bustle of Kuta.Breakfast was delicious, such a good choice and so fresh.There are a few restaurants around which are nice too, not much nightlife but Kuta is just down the road.Rooms aren't huge, but definitely comfortable and clean. Staff are very friendly and helpful. At night there are lizards all over the place (not in rooms unless you leave a window open!) but that's to be expected.Would definitely stay here again, in fact, I can't wait to go back.

Nice Hotel in excellent location We, a family of 4 stayed in this hotes for 4 nights in February.I really would not say its in need of total renovation. Our suite was lovely, (Executive suite with sep. living room) and I did not see worn out things.When you travel with kids they only allow you to one small pool and not to the big lap pool near the spa. Location is superb, s short walk to Orchard and you are in the middle of it all!Breakfasts are good, only the room s really dark and with no daylight i did not like it. Maybe this is not important to some.Service was excellent, everyone had a smile and was helpful all the way.Massages in Spa were very good either.Just one really negative thing, if you use their internet its a real scam. About 7 Euros for a 15 minutes use is just a rip off. I did not see why a top hotel can not offer it for free, the prices for a room should justify it!

Really expensive Hip Hotel We had a good 3 nights stay in The Bryant Park Hotel.However i can not understand the raving comments about this hotel.Pros:Good quality room, we had a Junior Suite with two double beds, they were really huge, also room really spacey, bathroom well equipped, nice big tub.Location is very good, one minute away from 5th avenue, but other hotels like Sofitel, Marriott Residence inn have an equal location.Cons:Not a single bottle of water provided in the room as a gratuity. We payed 625 Dollars for our room to find our that a small Evian would cost 12 bucks?! Thats really annoying.If you forget toothpaste: you have to buy it from them for a fortune! No breakfast incl in the priceThe view of Bryant Park is only available from a few rooms, ours was promised to have a view but then you really have to stick your head out to see the Park.Reception and Concierge staff were quite helpful but did not go the extra mile and i think they were acting quite a bit too cool for a hotel of that category.Dont expect a five star service. The hotel is for people that are mostly into fashion and hip and cool stuff.

Not What I Expected! We stayed here for one night prior to a Cruise. This place isn't what I expected. The rooms were smelly and the faucets in the bathroom were loose. There was Only 2 windows in the room which over looked the air conditioners on the roof. We requested a Port View, but I really don't think you could see the Port from any room. We had to pay $10 a day to park, which I think is crazy since we are paying to stay there anyway. We had a room for 5 people and only had enough towels and wash cloths for 4. When we called to get additional towels and wash cloths they brought us 2 of each. So we had to re-use towels the next morning for our shower. The front desk staff wasn't friendly at all. We stood there forever before they finally looked up at us to check us in. The Continental Breakfast was a joke. We had to pay $9.99 for each person to eat and what tipped it off they added a 15% Gratuity and they never touched anything. We got our on food and drinks we never were approached by anyone except to give us the bill. I wouldn't suggest this hotel for a long stay.

Amazing Wedding and Vacation at the GBP Reading some of the bad reviews on here I really have to laugh - I don't get it! I LOVED this resort. Its huge (which means you can actually walk around and get some exercise to work off all that food and booze) but there are also trolleys that chauffeur you around til 3am if you are too tired/lazy/overheated/drunk/etc. to make the walk yourself (i took it many times for some of those reasons! haha!).My husband and I were married at this resort on November 27th and everything was wonderful and beyond our expectations - the group of 32 people who traveled with us all agree as well. The resort is immaculately groomed, the beach is STUNNING, the food and drinks are good (i know i tried every single one of the daily cocktails while I was there! haha!), and the staff go above and beyond to make you happy. What more do you want? The only bad thing I would say was the other guests sometimes! My fellow Canadians, please represent our wonderful country in a good way. Don't yell at the bartenders or staff - they work very hard and for very little money. Tip them a buck or two when you can - it goes a long way for people who work 13 hour days for $4 an hour.I wish I had not been so stressed about our wedding prior to the trip but once I arrived and met with Patricia the wedding coordinator, all of my fears melted away. Our wedding was gorgeous and fun and everyone had a great time!After our guests went back home to Canada my husband and I enjoyed another week to ourselves. We ended up switching rooms to be close to the diamond club pool (we were upgraded to diamond club which was WONDERFUL..highly recommend it) and spent our days on the beach or in the pool, and our nights in the Bavaro lobby, just relaxing. We also were treated to a romantic dinner on the beach on our last night - a gourmet 7 course meal (including the freshest, most incredible lobster i have ever eaten and that's saying a lot because I am a bit of a foodie snob) by moonlight with our own personal waitress...AMAZING. I also recommend doing the Saona Island excursion if you can - we took our entire wedding party and had an absolute BLAST!It boggles my mind how someone could not have a good time when you are relaxing in what is essentially PARADISE, with no cooking or cleaning to do, and no work to think about! Maybe everything isnt exactly how you want it all the time but seriously....just relax and enjoy the beautiful scenery and weather, have a cocktail!

Excellent Service, Flore The Best Resceptionist In The World, Cleanest Rooms The lovely woman Flor who is always with a big smile in reception, who treats her clients like if they were their own family, should win a tourism award for the most hospitable person on the planet. She is a gem. She is a bright, sparkling person.Our room was spacious and carefully decorated. Carefully pressed linens -- and the bathroom very large with thoughtful touches, a very large shower, everything whistle clean. This place is so much more than a three star hotel. Flor went out of their way to make us feel at home, comfortable and cosseted. She enthusiastically gave us recommendations and tips for enjoying Paris If you're planning on booking in the Hotel Magda, do it fast. For all the right reasons, this place fills up quickly. I would stay here again in a flash.

High-class experience at the luxury Langham Over the Easter holiday, my boyfriend and I decided on a weekend jaunt to Boston. We found a deal online, referring to our last minute choice as a Luxury Getaway. Flight and 3 hotel nights for $330pp seemed like a good deal.It turned out to be a GREAT deal. The Langham is a beautiful hotel. The room (I'm sure one of it's smallest) was a queen standard. Impeccably clean and quiet, with lovely furnishings and an extremely comfortable bed, it was a welcome sight after schlepping around as a tourist all day.The staff at the front desk was very pleasant and welcoming. Both members of the concierge staff with whom I spoke were also friendly and helpful, giving us a variety of dining options and succinct directions.Although I did not get to dip into the pool, we could see it from our hotel room (the roof of the pool center is made up of glass panels, visible from the rooms above). The area looked inviting, safe, and spotless (I regretted not having brought my suit).As for location, the Langham is spot-on. 3 to 5 blocks in any direction will bring you to a main attraction. 5 blocks from the Freedom Trail, including Faneuil Hall and Quincy market where there's food and shopping galore. 5 blocks to the Aquarium, where the center ocean tank and the jellyfish exhibit are must-sees. 4 blocks from downtown-crossing, a major shopping area including Macy's and Filene's, as well as a T stop. We were thrilled that so many things were within walking distance: tourist attractions, shopping, restaurants and nightlife.If you're there on a Saturday, try the Chocolate Buffet between 12 and 3PM. 50+ desserts! Also, try to catch Mystery Cafe at Elephant Castle 2 blocks from the hotel--a fun murder mystery dinner theater that had us cracking up.My ONLY complaint about this hotel was the pricing for brekky. $21 for juice and toast...literally! The pricing deterred us from having breakfast in the Cafe Fleuri(?), but the restaurant nonetheless LOOKED beautiful from afar!Overall, I would highly recommend this hotel. We were fortunate to get the best of service for such an affordable price!

Would stay here again Just spent 8 days here on business and was pleased with almost every aspect of this hotel. The lobby/hallway/and conference rooms were cold the first few days but the situation was tended to quickly by the staff and resolved. I had a lovely corner room on the 17th floor with a view to the north and east. As others have said, the cable car is just around the corner and there were lots of great restaurants very close by. Disappointed in Pier 39 - stereotypical tourist trap with no real substance. Would stay here again. Very attentive and responsive staff.

Great place, plan to stay here again at night on the waterfront

Horrible Customer Service I stayed at this hotel with my boyfriend at the time for 2 nights on Valentines Day, it was okay, but INCREDIBLY overpriced for what you get. You can hear EVERYTHING that goes on in the room next door, all night we could hear the couple next door having sex, it was horrible. I accidently left a dress still with tag on in the closet and when I called the next day to have them hold it for me, they said it was no longer there and housekeeping checked the closet and never found it...liars and thieves!!! Also, I needed to get my cell phone which I left in my car, the valet service offered to go get it, which was VERY nice, HOWEVER, the guy left my light on and caused my battery to die, which in turn took the valet 30 minutes to get my car once we needed it in the morning. I would DEFINETLY stay somewhere else and not waste my money here....ps bathrooms crappy!

Absolutely amazing! My family of 8 adults just returned from a 6 day stay at the Bavaro and have no complaints. A few days before we left for the resort we emailed Carolina Barragan Beck, a guest relations rep, to make dinner reservations. Because the resort was at capacity, she explained that each group could make reservations at 3 restaruants only. When we arrived we verified the reservations and, consequently, had no problem getting into the restaurants. Her email address is (---). Check in was quick and easy. Enjoy a rum punch while they process your reservation.BRING AN EXTENSION CORD! There is one standard US type plug BEHIND the TV and mini fridge center. It can be accessed by opening the lower doors of the center. This is the only spot to plug in US type hair driers and curling irons, etc.Our rooms exceeded expectations. We were in villa 62. Each had a king bed and a large jacuzzi tub within a pillared area of the room. Initially, 2 members of our party were placed in villa 14. Those rooms were standard hotel rooms and not nearly as nice as the jacuzzi villas. The reservation desk was more than willing to reassign them to villa 62. The mini fridge was well stocked. We left a note in the fridge asking for diet coke and received coke light (their version of diet coke) as requested for the rest of the stay. They also leave plenty of beer and water. Our only problem was that the housekeepers kept forgettng to give one room towels and soap! Language is not a problem here. The reservation desk, guest relations and other key staff have an excellent command of English. The rest of the staff know enough to get you what you need.The staff is amazing. They have a very strong work ethic and take considerable pride in their work. We never saw anyone slacking. They are extremely friendly and will be happy to talk to you about their country. Their warm smiles were a delight. Such an upbeat group of people! We honestly felt sorry for the maids who were assigned to maintain the bathrooms between the the wedding gazebo and the beach. These ladies stood in the heat all day cleaning up the sand and water that was tracked into the bathrooms by the vacationers....we could not imagine a more difficult job. . If you want to tip anyone, please be sure to find these ladies. They are very deserving.The food was awesome. There are an amazing array of choices and something for everyone. None of our group experienced any stomach upset. They warn you not to drink the water . There are plenty of sources of filtered and bottled water all around the resort.. Breakfast is served at one of several massive buffets. The only breakfast food we could not find was bagels! Lunch is served at multiple places around the resort. For dinner, there is the choice of the lovely restaurants or the buffets. Bars are everywhere. Hemingways is the classiest bar and a wonderful place to meet for a pre-dinner drink. We were at the resort for the New Years Eve Gala - what an event!The beach is very clean. It was extremely windy during our stay and the water was cool. We spent most of our time at the pool. Chairs are at a premium. Reserve yours early by placing a book or towel on it. It appeared that everyone honored this method of saving a chair.The gym is very small and warm. The roads within the resort are excellent if you want to jog. The Sports Center has plenty to do and the staff is a blast. The entire area of the total resort is huge. If you don't like to walk, this is not the place for you. We were not bothered by the few vendors on the beach. We did walk down to the vendor stores (go to the beach and turn right) and bought some pictures and jewerly. Absolutely do not pay asking price for anything. They will accept 1/2 to 1/3 of what they first quote you. We spent time talking to two of the vendors. Both were students at the University and shared their experiences with living and going to school in the DR. A couple of other vendors were more intense and made us a little uncomfortable. For safety reasons, I would not recommend going down here alone, especially if you are a woman. Guards are stationed at both ends of the resort beach.It was warm each day but we did have a fair amount of clouds. There is at least one massive downpour each day. You might want to bring an umbrella because not every walkway is covered.Book your trip now! This resort is absolutely worth the money we spent. You will not be disappointed!

Very comfortable central hotel Stayed here for 2 nights and really enjoyed it. The hotel was comfortable, central and very good value for money.The staff were very helpful of particular note was Scott the concierge.We were upgraded and the room was pleasantly decorated.Definitely would stay here again if in the area.

Nice hotel My husband and I stayed at this very comfortable hotel for 2 nights between christmas and new year and had a very pleasant stay. As Conrad is part of the hIlton group of hotels ( and we are Hilton Honour Diamond members) we were upgraded to a beautiful suite. The accomodation was spacious and of a very high standard - with great views over city. I note from a previous review that the lifts and layout of the hotel caused confusion and inconvenience to other guests. I would endorse this in one respect - there were an inadequate number of lifts serving the bedroom floors, so very often this led to a long wait.All the staff we encountered during our stay were very helpful and there was a great selection at breakfast. The pool was nice and the public area around it very well maintained.Overall, I would recommend this hotel and although it is in the business district the efficient transport network ensures that you are within easy reach of central Miami. We have previously stayed in the Conrad Chicago and would not return to that particular Conrad. The Miami Conrad was a complete contrast and we thoroughly enjoyed our stay which was further enhanced by our upgraded room.

Average Hilton with above average staff We stayed in this hotel for 2 nights (1 before and 1 after our cruise from Barcelona). As Hilton Diamond members we were upgraded to an executive room which was clean and modern.The executive lounge was good and the staff were incredibly helpful - nothing was too much trouble. We were checked in by a girl called Patricia who was exceptional, her English was excellent and she was extremely helpful. All the staff seemed good but she certainly stood out.We had booked 3 rooms as we were travelling with family but used points for one room. As identified by other reviewers this was an expensive hotel and certainly was amongst the most expensive Hilton hotels. Based on location and facilities I would say it was costly. This is probably a good business hotel and is accessible via good transport links to centre of Barcelona. Overall it is an average Hilton in terms of standard and value for money with well above average staff.

Good, convenient hotel We stayed in this very convenient airport hotel for one night after a week in the Caribbean. We found it very good, friendly staff with extensive facilities for an airport hotel.Airport shuttle very efficient and regular. We were upgraded to a suite as Hilton Diamond members, it was a really lovely room. Curved in shape with living area and quite spacious(although bathroom was small). Yes there was some noise from the planes as pointed out from another review, but you expect this from an airport hotel and it wasn't really too troublesome.The executive floor was well stocked and staff all very helpful.We ate in the restaurant for dinner and thought the buffet was good value and pretty good quality food.Would definitely stay here again.

Fine, a bit dated but very welcoming staff We stayed at this hotel for 1 night and found the staff very friendly and helpful.The room was fine a good size, comfortable bed (though not sweet sleeper) but generally the hotel was maybe a bit tired. The building works next door didn't seem to generate noise during our short stay (as with other review) but then we were there at a weekend.Overall it was an above average hotel.

An excellent executive stay We stayed at this fantastic hotel for the last 3 nights of our stay in Singapore and the hotel was absolutely fantastic.As Hilton Honours Diamonds we were upgraded to the Executive floor and were personally escorted there for check in. The staff at check in were polite, efficient and extremely welcoming. They even provided a cooling welcome drink and moist hand towel whilst they were completing the paper work.The executive room as mentioned by a previous reviewer was large with little extra touches like fruit, chocolates, rubber duck and teddy bear. Fruit was replaced daily and the twice daily housekeeping service was good.The staff were incredible so attentive and nothing was ever too much trouble for them. The executive lounge was lovely with views over the city breakfast, afternoon tea and evening drinks provided - a very relaxing place.Overall we found this hotel excellent. We enjoyed not being in the mayhem and rush of Orchard Road, but still easily accessible to all of Singapores amenities and sights.

Fine but not the best We stayed for one night at this hotel over Easter weekend. It was not really the standard I have experienced in other Sheraton Hotels. The gentleman at check in was very irritated with the computer and as a result was far from pleasant with us - not a great first impression. We were lacated on the club floor and the room was fine - bed very comfortable. Concierge very helpful.Overall the hotel was nothing special and I don't think I would go back there again.

Average I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights when in San Francisco. As a Hilton Diamond got upgraded to executive floor. Room was spacious and well decorated. Executive lounge was not the usual Hilton Standard and the continental breakfast was sparce compared to many Hilton Executive Lounges in USA. It is very much a business hotel and other hotels eg Westin are much more central and better value for money.Average nothing special.

3rd times a charm!!! i really get aggrivated when i see horrible reviews about the Sunscape...I returned with my boyfriend and a few couples we met there back in January...We went in June and were there for a wedding which was absolutely gorgeous...this was my 3rd time back to the Sunscape and it was just as good if not better than the first two times i went...the only thing i would not reccommend is going in June...i have gone 2 other times in January and found the weather was a bit cooler and the pool was refreshing and didnt feel like bath water...our room was great!! when we arrived they had assigned us a 1st floor room in building 5...after being on the 3rd floor the past two times, we asked to be moved to the third floor and it was done without question...the 3rd floor rooms have an awesome cathedral ceiling and some of them have huge wraparound balconys....the rooms were very clean and comfortable...the pools were clean as well...we stayed by the adult pool to be away from the little kids and relax...the swim up bar is a great feature at the main pool though...the iceburg in the ocean was soo much fun (for all ages)...the ocean and beach were gorgeous...there was always someone cleaning up the seaweed on the beach every morning...never had a problem finding a place to sit...there were always enough chairs and shade...the food was great as well...we loooved the breadfast buffet at windwos and da marios was our favorite for dinner...the staff is always willing to do whatever they can for you, with or without being tipped....i found it particularly amazing that 2 of our favorite bartenders remembered us from being their 6 months before we arrived again...we love Andres and Ignasio!!...we did a snorkling booze cruise which was also amazing...they take you on a boat waaay out to the really nice coral and snorkel with you...then they take you to a shark pen where you swim literally a few feet above nurse sharks and sting ray...it was definitely an experience ill never forget!!...the shows are funny and i think you just have to have an open mind to enjoy them...the staff works really hard to make sure everything is perfect...if you have any questions feel free to email me @ mazda6gurrl@hotmail.com...i would stay at Sunscape again in a heartbeat but am very upset to hear that there are new owners...hopefully they will keep up the good work!!!

Ok for short stay on budget My family of two adults and two children stayed in a one bedroom apartment at this property in March. I can see why reviews have been so positive - I don't think you can find any apartment type accommodation in the CBD for the prices they charge. We paid an average of AUD $184 per night for 4 nights, and this was for essentially 4 people.However, having said this, you do get what you pay for. While the apartment was very spacious, the standard of the room was about 3 star at best - furnishing was very basic and showing wear. Kitchenette was missing some items so that we ended up with only 3 sets of certain pieces of crockery instead of the usual 4 (eg. cups). While the apartment was cleaned well when we arrived, the carpet was actually quite dirty. Sure the carpets were vaccumed, but what it really needed was a good heavy duty steam or chemical clean - or even replacement. The balcony was also quite dirty and too small to be relaxing in. Having said this, the air-conditioning/ventilation was good though. The iron, ironing board and drying rack were all in good condition and proved very handy. Water pressure in the shower was good, as was the hot water system - always hot water when you needed it, and quickly too. Bathroom was great if you are not too fussed about a bit of staining in the grouting. Water pipes made noises after use of toilet and shower, but noise stopped after a minute or so. Note that this is NOT a serviced apartment. The apartment is serviced only with stays of 7 days or longer. OK for short stay, but maybe not so good for longer stays. On day 3 we were getting tired of having to organise for clean towels and having to walk over our own crumbs on the carpet. No restaurant or cafe on site or within short walking distance, but there a small Coles grocery is just round the corner next to Wynyard train station. Service was very always very smart, professional and efficient. Nothing to fault here at all.

Reasonably pleasant stay Stayed one night in July on business. The Good : As per previous post, good location - very close to Rocks area and leisurely stroll away from Darling Harbour/CBD. Cafes/restaurants and seven elevens all within short walking distance. Free on site car parking from check in till 12 pm on day of check out. After 12 pm on day of check out, you pay $15.50. Very reasonable when compared with other hotel parking options. Apartment spacious (booked into the 1 bedroom), very clean, tastefully furnished and with everything you need. Kitchen not as well equipped as it could be, but still handy for making simple meals. Pool/spa area small, but clean and outfitted well. Pool small but heated. Heated spa very nice. Gym small with a few pieces of equipment - looked a little cramped to me. Service very pleasant and accommodating. Staff always asking if everything is OK and if you need help. The Not So Good : Difficult to locate especially when driving. Hotel located at the intersection of York and Margaret and if you miss it, you need to go one big round in the midst of busy Sydney traffic with its many narrow one way streets and weird traffic flows. Car park entrance on Margaret street, but you wouldn't know unless you asked. A bit noisy inside apartment and out. Constant traffic noise - not so bad if all windows and sliding doors closed, and if located on a high floor. As per previous post, balcony area not relaxing at all given the busy street frontage and associated noise. Within apartment itself, older model fridge gave off a constant low hum. Could hear plumbing and water heater noises from next apartment. All in all, a pleasant stay and would go back again if we got a good rate.

The Best!!!! Bathroom

great location we had no problems with the luxer hotel althougth it is defintely not a 3* , rooms were quit small but clean, tv with english chanels, bathroom ok size but no hair dryer. we were next to a loud genarater all night... not that is bother me coz we were to sleppy ...lol...the location is exellent 5 mins from central station, and next to cafes, coffe shops ect. would defo go back!!! xx liverpool

Loved It December 17-21, 2007We stayed at the LTI several years ago and loved it. We are avid travelers and are always looking for a deal. My husband and I decided to go back because of the price and the beach. After reading some of the reviews I was very hesitant but am glad we went. I will be very resort is small, 5 - 3 story buildings. Everything is within close proximity (beach, rooms, restaurants). The beach is the highlight and one of the nicest on the strip. We had no trouble getting a cabana. The food was surprisingly good. We had no problems and there was always something to eat. The service was great. The rooms are a little tired but always clean and well stocked with water, towels etc. We had no problems and I didn't want to come though we spent 3 days in the rain during a tropical storm. If you have any questions I would be happy to answer them denisepratt@hotmail.com

Great value for the money We stayed at the Chedi Club for 3 nights and loved it. The grounds were beautiful. The staff was helpful with all of our requests. Breakfast in the mornings overlooking the rice paddies was excellent. Our package included breakfast, airport transfers, massages, limo to Ubud, free minibar/alcohol. This property was on par with the Amandari where we had drinks one night but much, much less in price.

nice little hotel We have just returned from 4 days in Barcelona staying at the Nouvel Hotel. I booked this hotel before I checked the reviews( I know thats the wrong thing to do) but in this case we would have missed a good hotel if we had paid attention to the bad reviews. Everything worked for us. The reception staff were polite, the breakfast was plentiful, the room was very clean and comfortable with a great shower in bathroom. Everything we needed for our short stay. Yes the hotel is being redecorated and the workmen are in but they tend to work in the evening and they are making the hotel look even better. We had a room looking over an alley and we were not disturbed by anyone during the night. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who is looking for a great location and a pleasant stay.

Great location and great room My husband and I stayed here for 3 nights. We were very pleased with the larger than average room with a comfortable couch and desk. The breakfast cafe was very nice and the buffet breakfast was generous. The room and lobby were clean and nicely decorated and there was a computer everyone could use in the lobby. The location is excellent as you can walk to the area attractions from Ghirardelli Square to Pier 39 very easily. The cable car stop is only a block away. I would recommend this hotel for everyone except people who want luxury or don't like children.

thoroughly enjoyed our stay I trawled through the reviews on Tripadvisor before picking this hotel and all the positive accounts are bang on. We loved this hotel. We were travelling with our one-year old so we needed a cot in the room. On arrival we were informed that the cot was in place and we'd been given an upgrade to allow us more space. Everything about this hotel made it the perfect choice for a break in Barcelona. The food is delicious, the rooms spacious and comfortable, the staff all have excellent English and are exceptionally pleasant and helpful. Loved it, stay there.

Best stay ever in NYC Stayed here for 2 nights and really loved it. Hotel rates in NYC are expensive, so I was looking for a hotel that gave the best value and had good ratings. Casablanca definitely filled the bill. The staff was wonderful, they couldn't do enough for us. Made sure we had a room facing the courtyard that was quiet, helped us with directions and restaurant suggestions and made us feel really welcome. The 2nd floor lounge is very comfortable, with a generous breakfast, wine and cheese in the early evening and snacks always out at other times. It also has a computer with an internet connection and a printer which was very convenient. The location is half a block from Times Square and close to the Theater district. Yet the hotel is an oasis of calm - when you walk in the door it is quiet and cozy. The room was very nice and the bathroom was great - good size and wonderful shower with great water pressure. The bedding featured soft sheets, down pillows and comforter, very luxurious. Will definitely stay here again.

Best Little Hotel in Barcelona My granddaughter and I spent 4 nights at the Grand Hotel Central and loved every minute of it. The desk staff was friendly and helpful, the rooms were very hip, beds were fabulous, and the roof-top pool was icing on the cake. There were a number of restaurants nearby, and public transportation was only a block or so away.

Horrendous - A jail would have nicer staff Having grown up with a father in the hotel business, I have come to learn the standards by which all hotels should operate. The first standard being that the guest comes first and no matter what, the guest is always right. This motto is ignored at the Mona Lisa. Instead, guests are blatantly insulted, publicly chastised, and treated as more of a nuisance. The grounds were pretty and the hotel was once nice (although now it is more faded glory). The breakfast was basic but nice, however, good luck getting the attention of the waiter to ask for tea or coffee. The most disappointing aspect of the hotel was the staff. Upon arrival, my friend and I were attempting to shut the old wooden door to our room. It was stuck and would not close, so we used some force and eventually it came. We went down stairs and were greeted by the woman at the front desk who informed us that if we were having trouble with our door we should come to her (ok that was the nice part) BECAUSE it was rude and obnoxious to slam the door and she added some nice BOOM BOOM BOOM sound effects to the end of her statement. She then proceeded to tell the bellman in Italian (little did she know I understood what she was saying) that we had slammed the door and were rude. It was all downhill from there. We walked up the stairs too loudly, were told that we were not allowed to have a picnic in the garden when we were just drinking bottled water, and our requests to have our drain in the shower fixed went unanswered. The hotel is located in a pretty grungy part of Florence...Beware unless you want to be treated like a child who did something wrong your entire stay!

Wasn't As Good As Expected Out of all the Four Seasons we have seen and stayed in, this definitely was not one of the best. We were in a room directly overlooking the public gardens, which were lovely. The rooms are nicely decorated but on the small size. Our bed was quite hard. However, upon request, housekeeping did put an egg crate on the mattress and that really helped. In the small bathroom, a glass door only covered 2/3 of the shower leaving the last third open. Between that and the gape between the glass where it opened, we had a flooded floor every time we took a shower. On the plus side, check in was smooth, the hotel was clean and the location is outstanding (on Boylston Ave. near the best shopping and restaurants in Boston) and overall the service was good. The t.v.s were plasmas with a great picture, the towels were nice and soft.The Bristol lounge was a bit slow but the food was better than in room dining. The cocktails were also quite good and potent.There were two incidents that made my husband and I think that there is a little lack of communication with their staff. Each morning, we would receive a call that was meant for another room, waking us early, followed one morning by a maid delivering a pair of pants to us at 6:00 a.m., only to be told they have the wrong room. We grew tired of them waking us for reasons that were not ours. Also, when the turn down maid came to deliver fresh towels, she put them on the toilet seat before she attempted to hang them up. I told her we didn't want any new towels. By now, I thought there were some things that management should know, so I made a call down to them to make them aware of some of their staff issues. After I spoke to the manager on duty, she told me that she would comp most of our room stay to make up for what happened. We were very thankful that she handled the problem with so much generosity. If she hadn't, I could not in good conscience, have given this hotel even four stars. As it was though, she redeemed their hotel, especially by talking to each department that had made the mistakes. We received apologetic follow up calls from each department involved. We sincerely hope that this will help their service to improve here.

A Great Place To Stay Other Side of Balcony

Perfect 3 stars hotel - Arc de Triomphe full minibar.

Absolutely delicious! Huge bed

Best of the Best We were thereApril 2 thru April 16 and it was the best resort we had stayed in and we travel alot. All the good things that people write are all true.We were in room1033 which we loved as it was near the lobby pool and beachand a ground floor.The rooms are very private and quiet and a nice place to sit out.we had a junoir suite which is very roomy. We spent alot of time at the pool and walked the beach every day.You can walk for mileson white clean sand and the water is warm and that's a treat for us here in the northern part of the country. The bars and food along the beach are very safe and it was a change to go there and talk to the locals.The language is a little problem but we knew that when we booked we met wonderful folks from all over. We did 2 tours OUTBACK SAFARI and we loved it and Saona Island take it or leave it do not reccomend. The food is excellent and the wine and drinks great.There pizza is yummy and the steak house great. We are people that try all food and not fussy at all and it was above average. Once you go off the resort to the right there is a town and the shopping is great at the plazza .We are walkers so we walked every where. All in all this place was a place I would return to.

Wonderful Location, Amazing Luxury hotel, little dated, but totally recommend it Bathroom tub

Lovely room: Note pool is closed until September/Oct Seating area in room

Hotel Rex is a Gem The Hotel Rex is a fantastic place to stay when visiting San Francisco. With a convenient Union Square location, you are really within walking distance of all the great points of the city. Besides being a few block from the BART station and Union Square shopping, it's really just an easy walk to the theater district, Chinatown, Jackson Square, Financial District, and a beautiful walk around Nobb Hill. To get to Fisherman's Wharf, it's just a $7 cab ride.Now back to Hotel Rex itself...what a gem. The rooms are quiet (except on Saturday night...I think the college kids at the nearby Art Academy were partying at some club) and decorated with a comfy, funky flair. But the best part about staying here is the friendly, efficient, and extremely helpful staff at the front desk. And what a neat surprise to eat a lovely breakfast in the connecting restaurant, Cafe Andrea. With the jazz/french music and the library theme...it's a joyful way to start your day. Also most helpful is the computer room next door where you can print your boarding pass lickety split.

Beautiful Resort Upper lobby

What a gem I've just returned from a 5 day break in Berlin, staying at the 5* Swissotel. I really was impressed. Very easy to reach (5 minute walk from the train station - train direct from airport, and as expected in Germany train on time). Staff were extremely friendly and helpful during booking process and throughout our stay. The price was truly impressive - 513 euros for 4 nights, an absolute bargain. The room was large, with a 6 foot bed (luxury), italian coffee maker and lovely fluffy robes. Only complaint would have to be the lack of english language tv channels available. Both mini bar and room service prices were extremely reasonable.Located on the K'dam, beside the zoo, just around the corner from Ka-de-we and a stone throw from Tiergarten, an excellent location to explore all Berlin has to offer.Would thoroughly reccomend this hotel, particularly if you manage to get a bargain rate.

too much for too little My advice is that if you stay here you must fork over big big bucks and get a suite. We paid the $616 nonrefundable rate midweek for a tiny room with a queen bed and not even a full closet, The half closet was a cupboard squeezed in over the minifridge. There was nowhere to put shoes, etc. Our kids and grandchild were in a suite and it was better.There was no coffeemaker in the room or in the lobby. They charged for internet, however it would not work with my mac in the room so I had to go downstairs to work in the lobby wirelessly.The wallpaper in the room was peeling. The desk attendant was extremely nice and helpful and will move us to a bigger room for our second night. The staff was very pleasant. The decor is okay but rather tired and grubby looking. Even for NY more than half a thousand dollars does not get much.I know that NY is expensive, but this is really absurd -- to have to spend such a lot of money for so little. Based on Trip Adbvisor we thought we'd splurge and at least have a nice luxurious time. The bathroom was so tiny you had to close the door fully to reach the hot water tap in the sink.

Great Location for a New Year trip. Hotel across from here

Great Location We spent 4 nights last week at the Hotel Berchielli as I always check anywhere we are going with Tripadvisor before I book (quite obsessively) I felt I had to tell others what a great choice we made.We last visited 9 years ago stayed near San Lorenzo but I wanted to stay elsewhere after hours of searching cross checking with Tripadvisor I finally chose the Berchielli. Some of the reviews I read before we left gave me cause to worry but that all changed when we arrived. I am very fussy about hotels have been lucky enough to stay in lots of great hotels all over the world, but I'm sensible enough to know with a city break you don't spend much time in your room. STILL I do like it to be nice very clean hopefully with good service. Well we got more than that with the Berchielli. I requested a room at the front (despite other reviews saying how noisy it was) and we had room 503 which to my delight was lovely. It was large with 2 big windows overlooking the street / river below views to the Ponte Vecchio.We had ample wardrobe space a safe inside, writing desk chair, large comfy armchair flat screen tv, ample lamps to light the room the twin beds were quickly made into a king at our request. The bathroom had a normal size bath good shower overhead, 2 sinks,shaving mirror. hairdryer, bidet plenty of toiletries on offer. It was very clean there were no dreadful plumbing noises to be heard anywhere. The cleaners did a great job everyday we had clean sheets towels everyday. We found all the staff to be friendly helpful and the breakfast was much better than you normally find in European cities. There were cereals, fresh fruit, fruit salad, prunes, yoghurts, cold meats cheeses, croissants, jams, loads of different breads, jams, ryvitas, fruit juices, and a hot breakfast selection as well. The capuccinos were to die for (as you'd hope for in Italy really ).We thought the location was great as you could easily access both sides of the river nowhere is far to walk to in Florence anyway. (The views from Piazzale Michelangelo back across the city are well worth the walk on a clear day.) I will admit that the rooms at the front of the hotel can be a bit noisy during the night because of the traffic on the one way street below, but you should be that tired from your days of exploring the wonderful city that you won't notice. Alternatively you can request a back room, but I loved drawing back the curtains each morning admiring the wonderful sights and sounds of one of the best cities in the world.I would never do this lightly as Everyone has different opinions on places but I WOULD RECOMMEND the Hotel Berchielli. Book now have a great time!!

great central location stayed at the jolly carlton for 2 nights at the end of October 2007. Great central location near the floating flower markets. Easy access to shops , restaurants, trams etc.The hotel has an impressive lobby and helpful staff . We booked a standard double room as we were only there for 2 nights and didn't see the point of paying the extra 50 euro per night for a luxury room. The rooms were small but big enough for our short stay as we were only in the room a couple of hours as there is so much to do and see in Amsterdam.The only below average thing that I saw whilst staying at the jolly carlton were the grotty looking stairwell that didin't seem to belong to the rest of the hotel at all (as I have a fear of elevators I used the stairs daily, and I'm sure that I was the only guest at the hotel that used them). We opted out of paying for the breakfast as we felt it was very expensive for 20 euro each per day (lovely little cafe around the corner that does a full english for 8 euros each)Amsterdam itself is a lovely city with loads to see and do during the day and night. We pre booked an excursion for the Windmills and Edam tour which was a half day (4 hour) excursion It was a pleasant enough trip but we felt that we were being rushed from one place to the other and not having enough time to browse for souveniers in the the shops. Having arrived in Edam (beware shops are closed on Mondays) we only had 45 mins to have lunch and have a look around. We will definately be visiting Amsterdam again and will again stay at the Jolly Carlton because of the great central location.

Great food and service Not a cheap but what a great hotel!!! The staff and service they provided were second to none. They were cheerful, polite and willing to help. Thanks to the concierge for locating my lost spectacles in a down town store even after we had left for another venue.Our intial room was not satisfactory due to it overlooking a road intersection on which there is a cable car stop, but this was promptly and pleasantly dealt with. We were offered an alternative immediately. Thanks Suzanne you were a star.The rooms are a good size clean and very, very comfortable, with complimentary coffee and tea making facilities.We used both the in hotel dining and room service. Hope you are not on a diet!!!!!! The meal from room service arrived on time and was nicely presented. The champagne Sunday brunch is a must, all you can eat and drink for $26 per person. Would definately stay again and recommend to friends

Great view Booked hotel through British Airways website got really good price for superior room with view over the harbour-worth it just for the view. Room was spacious furniture new, as hotel was opened only a year ago. The bathroom was vast, with marble everywhere, walk in shower, huge bath with a TV above. When we arrived at hotel, greeted by army of porters, who quickly unloaded our luggage, which was swiftly delivered to our room, while we checked in. Service was excellent, with staff eager to please.We did not breakfast at hotel, as quite pricey. However, we treated ourselves to afternoon tea in restaurant, which is highly recommended. Concierge services were good-they can recommend book local restaurants, trips etc. We took advantage of free transfer to airport check in facilities near to hotel. Recommend taking train to airport-fast clean much quicker cheaper than bus or private transfers. Only niggle was that our ironing (pressing) order was late in being delivered we had to phone for it. It was also expensive. No iron or board in room.

Not bad, and cheap! I visited the hotel in december with my boyfriend and my parents. We arrived friday and stayed for the weekend. Wen we arrived the reception staff were very helpful and assisted to us rite away. They also said they had tried to get us rooms as close as possible (this being the same floor, around 2 corners, but luckily we wern't too bothered).The hotels location is excellent we couldnt have hoped for better, litrally 2 seconds from Dam square and the same from pubs and restaurants and about 30 seconds from the nearest coffee shop if your looking for that sort of thing.The rooms themselves were clean and well kept. It appeared to us that all the rooms were smoking rooms, but luckily you couldnt smell anything in any of our rooms. Occasionally you could smell it in the corridors but well this is Amsterdam an its legal so i guess you could get that in any hotel.The corridors as other people have mentioned are a little problem, you can hear everything in your room. But well it didnt spoil our sleep. Breakfast was included in the stay and wasnt bad compared to some i have been offered. The staff were quick in filling up the empty plates etc as an when they were empty. There wasnt a huge choice but i have found that quite common in european city hotels.The hotel was great for the money tho. If your looking for cheap, central and a good nights sleep this is the perfect place to stop.

Super friendly staff We stayed at the Courtyard downtown Miami for 1 night pre-cruise. I don't think I have ever encountered a friendlier staff at any hotel. Everyone you encounter not only says hello, they offer some conversation. The room was clean. We had a view of the pool, which was between highrises, so not much for sunning. The bed wasn't the best, wasn't the worst. Great pillows though! It was a little bit of a walk to the Bayside Marketplace, which I highly recommend for the evening. The breakfast buffet was pretty good, but a bit pricey. They did arrange for a $10 shuttle to the Port of Miami. Downside was we had to sit in the lobby with our bags for 1-1/2 hours between check out time time to leave for the port. I'm not sure if it was worth the price, but kudos to the staff! I think next time I will try the Holiday Inn for it's location.

Great Pre-cruise hotel My husband I stayed at the Holiday Inn for 1 night prior to our cruise. The hotel is located right across from the Bayside Marketplace has a wonderful view of the Port. We were given a 9th floor room with a lovely view of the port. It was cool to see our ship from our window in the morning! We arrived earlier than the posted check in time, but luckily our room was ready we were allowed to check in. The front desk staff was very friendly helpful. Our room was clean comfortable. We were right across from the elevator but I didn't hear anything like I was afraid I would. With the Bayside Marketplace across the way, there was plenty to do within walking distance. The hotel has a nice pool dining room and we were given a card for a discount on breakfast the next day. We could not get on our ship until 1:30 so we had a few hours between check out leaving for port. The hotel stored our luggage for us so we could kill time without hauling all our stuff with us! Overall our stay was very pleasant and we would stay here again before cruising.

Great Hotel - Rooms need a facelift The Stanford Court is a beautiful hotel. The staff is friendly, the location is perfect (beautiful views), the lobby is breathtaking, and the service is first class. The only problem is the rooms. They are clean and have all the amenities you'll need, but many 4 star hotels in San Francisco have nicer rooms.

Wonderful people Towel art found daily on bed

Overall great hotel stay I recently stayed at the Hyatt Regency in San Francisco for a four day conference. Overall, I really enjoyed my stay. The rooms came with small tubes of toothpaste which you business travels know is most helpful. The front desk staff was great as were the bartenders at the main bar. I love my room with a great view of the bay bridge and huge windows that slid open to make it feel like you were outside. The beds were comfortable and the rooms had a nice big flat screen tv. The location is pretty good. A $5 cab ride will take you to North Beach for great pubs and Italian food. Walking distance you will find a few good places at the Ferry Terminal as well as Osha Thai across from the ice skating rink. We walked to China Town for lunch and had wonderful Dim Sum at the Hang Ah Tea Room (kind of a back ally / dive kind of place with GREAT food). I took a cab from the airport to avoid parking costs. The gym was VERY crowded and far too small for a hotel of this size. If a 24 Hour Fitness member a great club is just a block away. Overall, I would stay here again.

Wonderful hotel, I will return Bathroom

An older property, but still beautiful inside - great value! We had a short vacation in Hawaii and after researching many hotels via Expedia, we chose the Ilikai as it was the most reasonably priced for having great views and being a five minute walk to the beach.a) Property is old from the outside, the turquoise color can go, but it looks very 70's. At one time, this was Waikiki's very first high-rise, but sadly, there are many new hotels around that physically outshine the Ilikai with their modernity. But don't judge this hotel by the way it looks.b) Front desk staff was nice...nothing outstanding, but service was quick and they were accomodating. Only snafu was that we paid via Expedia and wanted to upgrade when we arrived to a full kitchen (Expedia doesn't give a choice for this). They wouldn't accept the credit card that we planned to use for these expenses because it was in my maiden name and I updated my ID. c) I highly suggest using the Expedia concierge desk. Michael H. was very helpful in letting us know about local attractions, restaurants, etc...and they book right there.d) Getting out of the cab ($35 cab ride from airport, about 30 mins), we were impressed. The staff greeted us, the waterfalls/landscaping is quite nice, and there was an escalator to take us to the lobby. e) Elevators were slow and signs noted that they were being updated. I took the advice of a reviewer here and we used the bather's elevator most of the time - much faster. At times, the elevators were a bit ridiculous, many people waiting, stops on random floors, etc. But we just chuckled most of the time. We were on vacation and weren't going to stress about that.f) Thanksgiving night, the upscale restaurant on the top floor, Sarento's, had a lovely turkey/dressing dinner which was fabulous. Lovely views. The elevator going to the 30th floor is all window, great views yet again. Crab cakes we had as appetizer were fabulous.g) Ground were beautiful. Each night, the lanterns were lit along the courtyard, seemingly, by shirtless/shoeless young men in Hawaiian garb. It was cute. Friday nights, singers/dancers perform in the courtyard. Not too much activity going on since the other restaurants were closed, but it's just beautiful to see the courtyard from our room or sit in chairs and overlook the marina/ocean.h) Our room wasn't fancy, but just fine for what we needed. NIce showerhead, convenient kitchen, great view of the courtyard/marina/city/ocean. Most nights, we left the sliding door to the balcony open and let the cool breezes in. Kitchen wasn't super clean - microwave was filthy. We didn't use it. i) Many people complained about the lack of the restaurants in the hotel being closed - we were disapointed, but there were a few shops in the hotel including a general store (prices marked WAY up, box of Wal Mart Raisin bran was $6.99, so only if you REALLY need something. But Walgreens was a $7 cab ride away, so evened out). The HiIlton Hawaiian Village was a two minute walk next door and they have MANY shops and restaurants. I was very satisfied with this...only downer was that there was no room service. We would have liked to have had breakfast delivered to our room to eat on the balcony, but that's what the raisin bran was for!Overall, we had a good time and are pretty laid back, so we were very satisfied with the Ilikai and I would stay there again. It's a great value for being so close to the beach. There is renovation going on next door - we didn't her anything, but that made our walk to the beach longer - we couldn't cut through the lagoon they are building w/the Hilton - so instead of 2 minutes, five minutes to the main beach. No big deal.

We'll return to the Chesterfield! My husband and I enjoyed a four night stay at the Chesterfield Mayfair in the middle of September, and we would love to return. I have stayed in many wonderful properties in London, and always prefer to stay in Mayfair whenever possible. The Chesterfield is a superlative combination of location, service, and value. When we arrived at the hotel (in the car that the concierge had arranged to pick us up from the airport--an unusual splurge for us), we were met by a very gracious staff. Our room was upgraded to a theme room, and as many other reviewers have mentioned, the theme rooms have a great deal of quirks and character. We were in The Library, which is fitted out like a lovely old reading room lined with books on one wall--lots of dark paneling and appropriate accessories. While the room was a bit smaller than some London hotel rooms in which I have stayed, it had ample storage. The bathroom was wonderful (clean and spacious), and the shower was a delight! From check-in to our departure, the cleaning and turn-down service was top-notch, and indeed all of the hotel staff was always pleasant and efficient. I would echo the comments about the restaurant--wonderful food and considerate service. One evening we ordered the pre-theatre 3 course meal, and were too full to eat dessert. They actually allowed us to come back and have our dessert after we had been to the theatre, which was a very gracious touch!Another great thing about the Chesterfield Mayfair is the location. It is just around the corner from Shepherd's Market, which is a haven of sandwich shops and restaurants that are reasonably priced by London standards. There are many places close-by to grab an inexpensive breakfast if you do not have a breakfast option with your room (from full breakfast to a continental at Caffe Nero), and there are quite a few places for snacks and refreshments. From the Chesterfield Mayfair it is a short walk to Piccadilly for the theatre or Regent's Street shopping, and just minutes to the Green Park tube. Perhaps my only complaint with the Chesterfield Mayfair was the very high cost of internet access, but I suspect that is going to be true of London hotels in general these days. All of the options for connection were terribly expensive, and priced by either 15 minute or 1-hour increments (15 minutes was 3 pounds, I believe--on their computer; 1 hour was 12.99 for broadband connection in the room). I thought that I had read about wifi being available in the lobby and public areas of the hotel, but when I asked about this, I was told that I had to pay for the security key as per above. Ultimately we were able to work through this little obstacle, and will know what to expect next time we take our laptop to London. In summary, we heartily recommend the Chesterfield Mayfair, and look forward to our return visit. However, I hope that enough other folks decide that they want to stay somewhere else when it is our turn to go back so that we can get a room!

In central San Francisco This was the view from our hotel room at the Grand Hyatt San Francisco.

great hotel We stayed here for five nights recently and really enjoyed this hotel. It has a great location, a few blocks from the Duomo, so is a little out of the crowds but still close to all the sights, and only a couple of blocks from the Accademia Museum.Our room was large and comfortable, and very clean. I suggest you ask for a room facing off the piazza; ours did and was probably quieter for that reason.The staff was pleasant and professional; they helped us make some restaurant reservations and had good recommendations. Breakfast was standard and good.We booked several hotels for our Italy trip through TripAdvisor's advice and friends' recommendations; this was our favorite.

Just the job We stayed here for 3 nights on a buy 2 nights, get 3rd free and used it as a base to familiarise ourselves with Waikiki and Oahu.The hotel is modern, clean, fresh and well located for getting around Waikiki and beyond. The main buses all pass by the Wyland and stop just outside.The staff are super friendly and efficient and unless you want to spend a lot of time in your hotel, or want a beachfront property, the Wyland has all you need. The bar is nice and the barstaff really friendly.When we stayed, the restaurant wasn't open yet, so breakfast was just a muffin/bagel/pastry and a coffee or tea - not ideal, but it means you can eat breakfast on the beach or elsewhere if you like. And I think the restaurant is opening soon. Once it has, this will be an even better hotel.

Well Done Trip Advisor Ditto the previous reviews on Senator Gran Via, small rooms but very nice, free mini bar, complimentary drinks available in reception, good continental breakfast evening meal. Aircon did not work on arrival but got fixed the next day with a bottle of Cava by way of an apology. We requested a nice room (as we visiting for a birthday treat) a high floor to avoid traffic noise. We were given the top floor (8th) with a private sun terrace which was fabulous to view the city look down on the street below. Staff were helpful and efficient. We would not hesitate to use this hotel again.

Superior airport hotel We stayed in this hotel for a one night pre-cruise stay and were pleasantly surprised. The hotel is new and set in pleasant gardens. The rooms were very clean,decorated and furnished to a high standard. There is an hotel restaurant which is expensive and other guests said that the price of drinks from the bar were high . We arrived early evening feeling a bit peckish there are restaurants and an all night garage selling snacks across the road. However crossing the road is quite a challenge. We had breakfast the next morning in the hotel restaurant which was buffet style with a good selection of food it cost $18 which I thought was expensive.

loved the hotel Can you say great location!!!! The hotel was located right in the middle of everything. The rooms were huge by Europe standards. The bathroom was even bigger. Nice amenities for the price. Hotel staff was terrific. They went out of their way to make sure we were happy and booked some extra tours for us no problem. Breakfastm was a little weak but everything else more than made up for it. I will reccomend this hotel to anyone going to Florence

not nearly as bad as the reviews!!!!! Just came back from the resort. We were there February vacation week which could have been a disaster but it wasn't. I was very nervous going in having read the reviews:1)This is an all inclusive if it is marketed to you in a different way find a new travel agent!!!! An all inclusive is not going to have 5 star food and service. It was fine.I never met any one who worked there who was rude. I thought the bartenders tried very hard to accomodate you as well as the waiters especially the girl walking the pool.A few dollars every once in a while also goes a long way. I maybe spent 25.00 in a week in tips and never had a problem whether I tipped or not. I had to complain at first (which I shouldn't have to do) to get adinner reservation for one of the 1st 2 nights I was there. I spoke to the manager and he tried to be helpful and eventually came up with a reservation at Bamboo which was excellent. After that I waited online and took 3 9:00 reservations which were fairly prompt with their seating. (note to resort:when it is a holiday week hire extra staff to clear tables it will make a HUGE differnce in service)2)My 17 and 13 year old daughter traveled with us. If not for the Lacrosse team from Westchester it would have been very dull for them (Thanks for bringing them down)(note to the resort: Add a Disco or some sort of club for teens vacation week if they are happy so are their parents even if nothing else is good. Its a great resort for the little ones. We even watched the clown a couple of nights he was pretty funny!3)rooms were gorgous but can't seem to get rid of the mildew smell.All in all my husband and my thoughts were it can be a fantastic resort if they somehow fix the dinner reservations and put in some sort of club. I would go back in a few years.PS THERE WERE NO BUGS AT ALL AT THE RESORT (The general thought was that they must have sprayed it after there were so many complaints in December)All in all the reviews on this site have not been what the resort is really like.

Don't bother with the executive lounge I booked this hotel through wotif.com.au for my husbands birthday. We chose the executive room with access to the executive lounge. The rooms are clean and beds comfortable. Great location. Don't bother to book the executive lounge rooms, below are the problems. . I booked the executive level room and we were placed in room 1706 not on the top 2 floors as stated in the booking. When we checked in we were given no information about the executive lounge and had to look it up in the hotel directory. We then had to wait 30 minutes for our luggage to be delivered to our room. I had to ring to find out where our luggage was. We also received no evening turndown on either night nor were there any bathrobes in the room. These are all listed items on the hotel website. The wesite also states that there is a cooktop and pans in the executive room which was not there. During our stay the top level was closed for renovations so no spa, pool etc access. This should be stated on the website. The hotel also states that cocktails are available in the executive lounge. This was not the case as there was only one staff member and nowhere set up to have a cocktail made. There was also no cutlery set up for the evening canapes or breakfast. When we arrived for breakfast at 9am there was a very limited selection left and we were told that was all that was available. As breakfast was until 10am the plates should have been replenished with enough selection until 10am when breakfast finished. This is an executive lounge in a 5 star hotel and the service was not good enough.

Best Asset is Location The 't Hotel is perfectly located a block and a half from the Anne Frank House in a quiet section of Amsterdam. It is currently being managed by the same staff that manages the Slovenian Tourist Office, which shares the hotel reception space. Although everyone is extremely kind and accommodating, there are obvious flaws in this arrangement and the hotel gives the impression of being almost more like a rooming house than what is billed as a three star hotel. Small hotels are our preference and we seek them out but this one frankly disappointed us. The quaint canal house atmosphere includes a VERY steep climb up either 1, 2 or 3 floors depending on your room and is absolutely not suitable for folks who are unable to manage stairs with agility. The staff does handle the luggage, which is helpful. The rooms are average, at best, and starting to show signs of wear. The price is certainly right at this time of year but their summer rates may be too high for the quality of the experience.

Restaurant is the Only Star King Bedroom

Fab Midtown Pick The new London NYC is a fabulous midtown pick. Walking distance from Times Sq, shops on 5th Ave, and the MOMA. Trendy slick staff, efficient concierge desk - just what you expect from NYC. Our suite was nicely appointed in shades of blue, grey, and silver. The rooms are very airy and spacious, a rarity for New York. The living room had an elegant but comfy semi-circular couch hugging the window. Loved reading the paper or having a coffee there. Well designed work station -- ample light, sleek and ergonomic chair, and several plug points. A door divided the two rooms, which was nice for privacy. Really great bed and well calculated lighting in the bedroom. Loved that there was a separate dressing room with plenty of space and a huge mirror enough for two. Plenty of space to spread out luggage without making the room messy. The bathroom was nice. Very minimal, but well designed with lots of counter space and lighting. The commode was at the far end of the rectangular bathroom (all the better). The shower space was uber chic but practical space with a shower head at each end for side-by-side showers. Great for a couple in the AM and PM when both have to be somewhere. Not so great if sharing with anyone else! Vur and I loved our 3 night stay

So it was nearly a year ago So I was taking a short stop there with a friend of mine who knows the area well and found this little gem on the internet.I was bowled over by the place... Clean, efficient, luxurious, friendly and most of all.... SAFE. Breakfast delivered on our porch every morning was tasty and the main pool was quiet but clean - could have done with more sun loungers though. Good value for money but contact them direct for a competitive quote.Seminyak is one of the best places in Bali to stay with so many resturants and spas on your door step.One thing I would watch out for is the exchange rate. If you are travelling from the UK watch out for the US Dollar advertisied price on spas and hotels. when you get there, they charge you Rupee's which sometimes means you don't get such a good deal. Overall, I love bali and try and go back most years. Would highly recomend:KuDeTa - One of the most chic and elegant places in the sun I have ever seen. sun bathing during the day and teste their amazing salads for lunch. Cocktails at night but dinner is V priceyItalian food at Tratoria (Seminyak) is the best i have ever tasted outside of italy.Traditional balinese food at Ulam (Ubud) - try the grilled fish and eat the whole lot with your fingers!!!!BBQ on Jimbaran beach and watch the sun set - local fish all cooked on coconut husks - yum!

Nightmare in Paradise !!!!!!!!!! Where do i begin??? Let's see when we first walked in the hotel we were told at the front desk that our room was ready. To make a long story short when we got to the room it was a mess as if someone had just checked out. Going back to the part of first walking in we were encountered by a concierge named Leonardo. He told us we were staying in the reserve section of the hotel. Which is suppossedly the newer and better part. He said we had access to the private pool and beach. The next day we had found out that was a lie. We asked the bartender at the reserve section for a drink and were denied. Going back to our lying concierge Leonardo we did not confront him because we were on vacation and didnt want to deal with headaches so we left it as is.Our second day Leonardo invited us for breakfast at the Gabi restaurant. He never prepared us for any of the following.... he told us we would get a free gift for walking through the property. OK.. so we agreed. To find out when we got there it would be a 90 minute time share presentation..which i need to say turned out to be 2 1/2 hours long. We had a pleasant young lady escort us and show us through but later encountered by a beast named Randolf. I don't know where they find these time share people. Randolf was rude and highly unprofessional. He was trying to belittle my wife and I. Constantly laughing at us and making nasty comments. To much to write. All i have to say is whoever decides to go to this hotel BEWARE!!!! We complained about this uneducated man immediately and nothing was done.!!!!!!Lets now go to the service of the hotel. Let's see WHAT SERVICE! This place sucks!!! To put it simple. If you need a spoon bring one from home. If you need a fork bring your own. If you need soda go get it yourself at the bar before you eat . As a matter of fact get 3 or 4 drinks so you don't have to keep getting up. These people don't ask their guests if they would like refills . They throw away your food and drinks if you get up at the buffet. There is no service for food or drinks on the beach area. So if your used to that like we are you are in for a huge dissapointment.One more heads up about this place. You must remind that appetizers come before the main course at those so called reservation only restaurants. Like Fuego at the Paradisus.I strongly urge my fellow vacationers to never, ever stay at this MELIA/PARADISUS PUNTA CANA property . If you must stay at a melia property I would say go to the PALMA REAL it may cost more but you will be treated accordingly. We have stayed at other properties in Punta Cana and the Carribean and this hotel is horrible. Food was limited because all the resatraunts were on different schedule which means you had to find out on the day ofto eat. Front desk had no clue what was open when. The food was outright bad not much options. Dont waste your time.

Club Room a Must! Our group had 3 rooms at this hotel - one standard room and 2 club rooms. We got a great deal at Travelzoo for the rooms which was why we decided to stay here. The club room was large and clean and had a balcony with chairs and a table overlooking the street. Street noise was not a problem when the balcony doors were closed. However, maintenance seemed to be a problem - the shoe polishing machine in our room did not work and the coffee machine took 45 minutes to brew. In my friend's club room, she stepped on a carpet nail that was poking up and hurt her foot. Our friend in the standard room hated it - her room was cramped and dark.To get to reception from the valet parking was a journey involving an elevator and multiple stairs. Be prepared for that if you've got luggage or mobility issues. And watch out for the hotel parking charges - $35 a night!!The service at the front desk was indifferent, but not rude. The location is great to access the theater district, the aquarium, union square shopping and China Town. Basically, it was an ok hotel for the price I paid (about $120/night). If I had paid more for it I would have been quite disappointed.

Good Value We decided to stay here because the reviews were pretty good, it was a Joie de Vivre property and because I found a rate of $88/night midweek on the Hotel Bijou website. Although the hotel is no longer a Joie de Vivire property, it was a perfectly adequate hotel in the Union Square area. The hotel was easy to find, it is near transportation and there are several parking garages in the vicinity. It is on the edge of a bad area and there is construction going on next door, but we weren't bothered by construction noise or the homeless. We did request a room on a higher floor because the noise from the street and the street people can be very loud. Also, like most homes and older commercial buildings in SF, there is no air conditioning. If you want a breeze, you open the window. On check-in, we were told we could have a larger room on the 2nd floor (apparently all rooms ending in -03 are corner rooms and larger than usual) or a regular room on the 6th floor. We went with the regular room and it was fine for two people. Everything was clean, if not fancy, and well maintained. One problem with the room was that the bed side lights were located on the wall above the headboard. My tall partner kept bumping his head into the lamp shades when he sat up in bed. One other odd thing was that although there was a terrycloth bath mat for our first day in the room, we were never given another one, so we just used a hand towel as a bath mat. We could have called housekeeping and gotten a bath mat. We didn't, so it was clearly not a big deal for us.The employees were friendly and helpful. We didn't try the free breakfast or the movies offered in the evening, so I can't speak to those services. Overall, this was a great hotel for the price. It is a budget hotel and I would have felt disappointed if I had paid over $120 a night. I also would have been disappointed if I was expecting a fancy or romantic ambiance. At $88 per night, for a clean room, I felt like I got a deal (hence 4 stars, rather than 3).

Beautiful, Relaxing and Enjoyable!! Wow! We booked this hotel as part of our travel package through our travel agent. When reading some of the reviews here (before traveling) I was VERY worried! However, the Caribe Hilton rooms, staff, facilities and offerings were all very accommodating for us! We arrived in SJ early (10 a.m.). We were allowed to register at the front desk, change our clothes in changing rooms, explore the hotel grounds, and have a very delicious lunch. When we checked back our room was ready. I must admit I was disappointed that our OceanVIEW room was not oceanFRONT!! It's hard to describe but from our balcony we could see the ocean but just below our balcony was the ROOF of a smaller hotel building so we had to try to block out that cement eyesore and look way over it to see the beach. I returned to the front desk to ask for a room with a better view and was told NONE of the rooms is truly oceanFRONT and that they were full and therefore unable to move us to another room. I was not happy about that but must admit the rest of the stay (ignoring the obstructed view) was great! For the reviewer who said they didn't change the towels... there was some notice that stated in an effort to conserve energy the hotel gives the guests the option to have their towels changed daily or not. If you wanted them changed you were to take the used towels off the racks. If I had not read that bit of info I too would have been upset to return to the room to the same old towels! But a quick call to housekeeping would have resolved that. We enjoyed the pool, the beach, the restaurants, the fitness room, AND had delicious pizza from ROOM Service (can u believe that?) We also took advantage of the tours available in the lobby ~ opting for a day at the rainforest. Our travel agent put together a pretty comprehensive package so we weren't hit with any surpise fees or taxes... Oh! and by the way, we took taxis from the hotel to Old San Juan a couple of times including the day we were leaving. So, once again, after checking out the bellhops held our luggage while we ran into Old SJ for a museum tour and some final shopping. All-in-all, the Caribe Hilton was beautiful and fun and the staff was wonderful!!

A Poor Experience Never To Be Repeated We make a booking through another AC hotel en route from Germany where we stopped for coffee. we were informed cost for two persons with breakfast was 77euros.We arrived at 1400 no room booked, no problem said receptionist there are plenty of rooms here!After a good day in amsterdam we returned tired and hungry, dinner in their restaurant is very poor, when you do get some service you do not get but the minimum of attention. Hence we gave up trying to get the missing items from our order. Poor food, poor service.Very noisy room, very basic room. We lay straight on to a stained mattress no underblanket! HORRID.Breakfast although there were 4 staff in attendance we eventually sat at a dirty table, no-one came to clean it or offer us cutlery, we helped ourselves from behind the counter. Check- out we were charged 111euros for our room? No explanation except we were given a business room which is n ot advised, front on the hotel next to the noise and it is noisy!!! We were on a leisure trip as explained on arrival no rate given or indeed displayed anywhere behind reception. Watch out !Next letter is to the hotel to ask why!A POOR EXPENSIVE EXPERIENCE NOT TO BE REPEATED.

A little piece of Heaven on Earth Hotel entrance sets the mood

Great Hotel and Location My daughter and I stayed 2 nights a the Canary Wharf Hilton. We had a deal which included evening meal on the first night and then two night's bed and breakfast. The Hotel staff were very efficient. The evening meal was good. Full English breakfast (buffet style) was excellent. We found the location very good. It is accessible on the London Underground via a shopping centre at Canary Wharf which was only a 5 minute walk away. We also used the Docklands Light Railway which we could use with our underground 3 day pass. This is right next to the hotel.Would use this hotel again.

Nice hotel but a strange room 2 queen beds

Great hotel

Didn't mind this one at all Bathroom

Handy to the airport Room

Fabulous Hotel, Great Location Fabulous Hotel!I recently stayed at the Hotel LKF in Hong Kong for 9 days. I have stayed at the Ritz Carlton ( Closed now) and the Landmark Mandarin Oriental on previous visits to Hong Kong. The Hotel LKF is a fabulous value with beautiful well appointed rooms and excellent service. It is located in the Lan Kwai Fong area which is quite busy and I was worried about the noise levels I had heard about from the local bars but I did not find it disturbing. There are heavy curtains in the rooms which drowns out a lot of the noise. The area is very busy but once inside the hotel all is calm. The location is perfect for exploring the Central, Soho and Lan Kwai Fong area. The staff is incredibly helpful and friendly. i would highly recommend this hotel.

Great weekend at the Elysee We returned yesterday from a great weekend in NYC.The Elysee is centrally located for Times Square and Central Park, and the buses are cheap enough to get out and about in Manhattan.We loved the Elysee, the staff were very helpful. Our room was very clean, and the bathroom was well stocked with toiletries and towels.The breakfast in the lounge was really good, with a great selection of bread and pastries, as well as delicious fresh fruit, and a range of teas and coffees.We enjoyed the informal drinks and nibbles in the lounge and met some lovely people over drinks there.The purpose of our trip was to meet up with our daughter and her husband who had flown over from their home in Seattle.I would recommend this hotel, and hope to return one day, but in the summer - it was bitterly cold for this trip!!

The most helpful staff We stayed at the Fishermans Wharf Marriott April 24-29, 2007.To save on expenses four of us stayed in one room. The bedswere some of the most comfortable I have ever slept on. The concierge staff really helped us plan our stay, and gave us great advice on where to eat and some very fun nightlife. Kudos to all of the staff for their friendly, knowledgable advice. My only complaint was that on the last day I became quite sick. I stayed in while my friends did a Napa Valley tour. I wanted to order room service and found out that you may only order lunch between 12:00- 1:00. Now when I see a room service menu that boasts all day it should mean all day'. Other than this we all give this property a high rating. We would stay here again.

Fabulous hospitality at the Hotel Casci Staying at the Hotel Casci was a delightful experience. The staff is so warm and friendly -- they really make you feel like family. They made our museum reservations ahead of time -- that is a must for the Uffizi Gallery. We saw the poor souls standing in 2 hour lines and we walked right in. The breakfast was excellent; be sure take up the offer of a cappuccino instead of just a coffee. It was delicious. The room was comfortable although not large and the price made it worthwhile. The location is great -- a couple of blocks from the nice shopping streets and about a block from the Duomo. Also, very near the San Lorenzo outdoor flea market where we picked up some tee-shirts at bargain prices.

Just the best, so glad we chose the Library We stayed at the Library for 5 nights in May for my husband's 40th birthday. I had emailed in advance to ask for the Manufacturing room (a deluxe), which we got, along with a complimentary bottle of fizz, which was lovely! The rooms are small, yes, and with two reasonable size suitcases, it was a little difficult to maneouvre them about - if we'd had smaller cases, no problem. But the bed was very comfortable, and the room was perfectly fine for our stay, the bathroom was well equipped, and overall no smaller than some hotel rooms in chains like Malmaison here. The staff were friendly and helpful, suggesting places we might like to go (it was our first visit), and providing us with maps and information. Breakfast was a godsend for me as I need to eat regularly (and early!) and there was a good continental healthy selection. Also having the complimentary drinks throughout the day was a perk when we got back from a long day out and needed a cup of tea. And the daily cheese wine reception was just fantastic!! Where do those onion/seed crackers come from?!The terrace bar was lovely on a warm evening - it did get busy up there though, and if there is an event on, you do feel like not bothering/aren't able to go up there. Most of the time we were out and about anyway, but the couple of times we went up there, it was very relaxing and quite cosy, even though it was busy.Its location was perfect - just a block or two from Grand Central and the Public Library - quiet, really didn't hear any noise at night, but still really central to everywhere we wanted to be. We walked everywhere round Midtown - from the Empire State to Central Park, and only took the (sightseeing) bus to get downtown.We can't fault the Library at all - it was perfect for us as we prefer the smaller, quieter hotel rather than staying somewhere like the Royalton or W or Morgans as some of our friends recommended. Being able to get breakfast drinks was also ideal. I would not hesitate to recommend the Library, and have done so to all our friends who haven't yet made it to NY!

loved the hyatt---close to everything just got back from the hyatt at fisherman's wharf---we were there for 3 nights 4 days---a very nice hotel--thought the room was plenty big--the service was excellent---didn't eat at knuckles restaurant, heard negative reviews, and was way too pricy!!!---the main downside of the hotel was no coffee in the room--you have to go to another floor for coffee--and while the bathroom is really big, there is no separate vanity outside of the bathroom-----walking distance to just about everything---and the little cafe(hollywood cafe) right across the street had excellent breakfast (very fresh squeezed orange juice)--excellent food and very nice service. the hyatt also provides a free newspaper every day, which was nice!!---but we couldn't find any brochures of things to do in the lobby, which was unusual-----all in all, we had a fabulous 4 days!!

A fantastic hotel This is a fantastic hotel, the rooms are excellent, the staff friendly and helpful, the location great and the bathrooms amazing.

Great Hotel and good location We stayed at the hotel for nine nights in a studio suite. The room was spacious and clean the bathroom a good size and the shower excellent, the kitchenette is fit for purpose with a microwave, cooker, coffee machine and toaster along with basic cooking utensils nothing fancy but good enough to cook a meal in. The location of the hotel was excellent in a residential area with 24 hour markets, good restaurants and coffee shops around it. It is also close to the subway so is it is easy as a base to get around from. The staff on the whole were good particularly the housekeeper we had on the weekdays. Overall I would recommend the hotel and happily stay at the hotel again.

An Excellent Sport The hotel is very well-located near the theater district, with great restaurants and a great deli and wine shop just up around 9th Ave. We stayed for five nights, and had a comfortable bed and good service, especially from Greg. The only drawback is that here's not much public space and what's there is pretty minimal. The little courtyard is lovely, but not much use at this time of year. Excellently priced for the area, however--you can't have everything unless you really, really want to pay for it.

Great Hotel Had a great 2 weeks at the Melia Sitges. Hotel is lovely and breakfast is fabulous. Rooms are great and cleaned spotlessly everyday. The staff are very friendly food and drinks at the pool good but a little expensive compared to other places but then this is a 4 star hotel. Lots of conference guests but this suited us as it meant the pool was very very quiet during the week. We went with our toddler who loved the big pool and toddler pool. Would love to go back although the walk into town got a bit boring if you did it more than once a day. Sitges is as lovely as ever. We stayed at the Calipolis 4 years ago which has a great location but may have been too noisy now we have our daughter. Would definately go back to the Melia.

Pampered and great breakfast I was so grateful for the suggestion at Trip Advisor that this was a number one choice for LA. They treated us as if we were in a first class hotel. The room was huge and pleasant with kitchen. The breakfast by the pool was really a delight. Wi-Fi easy! Location is central near Hollywood Blvd. for the Chinese theater, Kodak theater. They drove us to the restaurant at the top of the hill and picked us up after dinner!

What amazing rooms What was good: -The spa!- The room service food.- The location for shopping/eating/drinking.- The bedrooms: large, fantastically appointed and the best bathrooms of any city hotel I've seen.- The service was faultless. We even recieved a call in our room one morning to let us know that someone had noticed our door was slightly ajar and was this intentional...WOW!What wasn't:-The view.- The hotel was small.- The lobby was small and the hotel although the rooms were amazing lacked the grandeur and sense of occasion of larger hotels.- You can't help wondering that if the Landmark is so fantastic, just quite how great the larger Mandarin Oriental in the city would be!

Is this the best city hotel in the world? This has to be the best city hotel in the world.The rooms are fantastic.The location amazing (views on the harbour and linked to the IFC mall directly).The service is absolutely in every single way faultless, any requests arrive at your door within 5 minutes.I could list for hours how well this hotel serves you and still not do it justice. The staff are all efficient, knowledgable and pre-empt requests before they have even been made.The food is fantastic (breakfast and room service menu).The spa is one of the best I have ever seen, the treatment rooms overlooking the harbour complete it.The pool and gym are also aurplus to anyone's requirements.Even the most difficult and discerning traveller would not fail to be amazed at the standards this hotel offers. It trumps the George IV and the Four Seasons New York...

Finally! A Boutique Hotel to rival the classics I am based up North but find myself in London every two or three weeks and this has been the case for several years. I used to hotel hop like mad going through all of the classics including the Dorchester, Ritz and Mandarin Oriental as well as taking the odd flyer on the Sanderson, St Martins Lane, Malmaison and the Hemple (what was that place about?) Now again I found myself going back to the odd one a few times (The MO in particular) but recently I have been opting for hotels in the Firmdale Group noteably The Haymarket, Charlotte Street and The Soho Hotel and I am now a loyal customer. Having been unimpressed by the style over substance of the Schraeger hotels I was very surprised by the depth of quality in all of the Firmdale properties; the service from start to finish, the FB offerings, the appointments of the rooms and the quality of the beds were all top drawer. The Soho has to be my favourite as I think the location is spot on and the atmosphere in the public areas is always half decent - I will continue to take it over the oligarch-ridden hotels in Knightsbridge from now on.

Great if you like being rodgered for no apparent reason Ok, so its the MO, the newest addition to the high class hotel scene in NY, one of the coolest cities on the planet - it's GOT to be good. Well yeah, its exactly that - good, it's not great. It's got a dramatic and original lobby (unless you've stayed at the Park Hyatt in Tokyo), it's got a spacious spa which looks impressive and well equipped (not compared with the one in the Four Seasons in Hong Kong) and it has the genuine pimp factor associated with staying in a hotel of this calibre (not on a par with rocking up to the George V in Paris). This is a good hotel with all of the artillery required to arm it for future greatness but ultimately it doesnt deliver if you are a truely discerning traveller. I didnt have a bad stay in this hotel but as other reader's have commented with all of the hype and the fanfare expectations are high. If you like being rodgered and want to tell your mates you stayed there, DO IT!! It's close proximity to Per Se and Masa is a good enough reason if you are a foodie.

A wonderful beginning to our trip! This was the perfect start to our 3 week vacation in Italy. We were surprised how much we liked Venice ( especially compared to Rome) We booked based on prior trip advisor reviews though it was not easy to get a reservation! I was booked elsewhere and kept checking the hotel website and switched as soon as I nabbed a room. We loved the location - quiet, but not too far to walk to the major sights. We also loved the area restaurants that the hotel recommended especially Il refolo and La Zucca. We would not hesitate to recommend this to our friends and would stay here if ( when, hopefully)we return to Venice!

Our favorite AMS hotel Canal room (Art room)

Wonderful value We spent a week at the York apartment hotel and thought the accommodation was exceptional value for money (we were upgraded!). Enormous rooms, with the added benefit of two balconies - if you dared to go out on them - we were on the 26th floor. Our apartment was very well equipped, making it possible to cook, wash, iron etc. Rooms well serviced each day, by very friendly staff.Reception staff varied, but most were very pleasant. Concierge staff helpful booking taxis etc.Good location - close to the Rocks, Circular Quay, the bridge etc and we did not experience any traffic noise.Supermarket close by, as well as loads of cafes, restaurants etc.Would DEFINITELY stay there again.

Excellent location We spent 4 nights at the Stanford Mongkok, and had a very pleasant experience. Our stay was definitely enhanced by the concierge (Brian) who did an excellent job at ensuring that we got the best out of our visit. He showed interest in how much we had enjoyed his suggestions, and booked us a very reasonable taxi directly back to the airport. (He also taped up our suitcase, which we only discovered to be damaged as we were about to leave!)Our room was fairly compact, though I can't imagine why anyone would want to spend time in a hotel room in this amazing city!Buffet breakfast offered a reasonable selection of items. Other reviews have mentioned problems re lifts - we were on the 9th floor, and did not encounter any delays in using lifts.Hotel very well located for tourist attractions, especially for shopping on Nathan Road and nearby markets. Eating out is incredibly cheap - meal for two for under Excellent bus network, as well as MTR.

Didn't live up to expectations Our charming but small hotel room. Notice glass door and laptop on desk!

smart and funky We really enjoyed our stay here, friendly and helpful staff, compact size room but enough space. nice interor decor, good restaurant downstairs, we didn't eat there but had some great icecream and if it had been warm enough when the roof was off we would have. Good breakfast buffet and a good location 1 stop from potsdamer platz. would definitely recommend it. Try Monsieur Vuong if you like asian food, shiro i shiro was a little dissapointing.

Who turned out the lights? The Pan Pacific is marketed as a high range business hotel with luxurious accommodation and top facilities. While the room was beautiful, as was the view, I could not get over the darkness in the lobby and other public areas. The design of the hotel is quite unique, but having the lights dimmed throughout just gives it a gloomy overall impression - as if the power went off and the back-up generator kicked in! I was also unimpressed by the efficiency of the reception staff as it took forever to check in and out. Also, I had specifically booked an exceptionally early check-in, but as I showed up the hotel was experiencing delays and unexpectadly full and I had to wait for 2 hours in the lobby for a room to be vacated. While this is understandable, I would have expected a hotel of this standard to have a Plan B for waiting visitors, ie. a lounge or something. And finally, the Summerhouse restaurant was being renovated during my stay, which meant non-stop drilling and banging noise from 10am to 10pm. So, even though many things at this hotel are excuisite, the experience was not all that great.

Perfect Hotel Pendini The rooms were wonderful..spacious, clean and awesomely comfortable beds. The location was perfect as everything was near and within walking distance. We had a view out our window of the Plaza Rebublica with its charming carrousel. The staff was helpful and courteous and to round everything off, the breakfast was plentiful and tasty.

position is everything position is everything with this hotel so expect to pay for it.!!!!My husband and I stayed here Easter 2007 and hope to return one day soon. I found the staff very willing to serve when approached with respect.? I drink lots of tea and it was never a problem when I fronted up at reception with my mug and tea bag for the staff to get me some boiling water.We had been given a top floor sea view room but a lower floor room was requested and it did not matter that it was a garden view. In fact it was nice to be able to sit out of the direct sun on our balcony.This is a basic hotel so please do your homework before booking.I have traveled all over the world and it is unusual these days to get a double bed but it is easy to check this before you leave home. Honeymooners beware!!!I hope this hotel has not changed much now it is under new management as I hope to return .

Beautiful Resort, Friendly people. We visited Paradisus Palma Real on Apr. 11-15, 2007. This wasnot the first all-inclusive we have visited but it was one of the best.We did not pay for the Royal Service and everything was great. Our room was beautiful with a sitting room, king size bed, large bathroom with a huge jacuzzi tub, separate shower, flat screen TV, stereo, safe, ironing board iron and a mini bar. The minibar was always kept stocked with plenty of soft drinks, beer water. There was water in the bathroom to use for brushing yourteeth (They tell you not to drink the tap water). The bed was very comfortable. The food was good with buffets for breakfast and lunch. The other restaurants for dinner was great. Passions was our favorite with the lobster being a great choice. We did nothave time to eat at Bana, but other people we met said it was great. The bars were all good. Everyone was very friendly, the grounds were immaculate w/ lots of shade on the beach. Not alot of shopping, some shops on the beach past the resorts where you can bargain for t-shirts, etc. There is a new shoppingplaza at the main entrance to the resort but there were only about10 shops open so far. They are building a Hard Rock Cafe thereand had already opened the gift shop. We took 2 excursions:Marinarium (great crew but too many people trying to snorkle) Outback Safari (great trip, would do this again - bought greatcoffee cocoa on this trip - cheap too).

all-around excellent value We just returned from a 5 day stay at the Majestic and would love to go back someday. There were 5 of us (4 adults and a 7 year old) and there was truly something for every age and interest. After a long, 2 plane flight with layovers, we were greeted in the huge lobby with a cool towel and drink. As with many places in the Caribbean, the lobby is open air, so any bit of cooling was appreciated. Even in November the temperature hovered in the high 80's with humidity. Our rooms were next door to each other and exactly 1 minute from the beach. As requested, Emely gave us exactly what we had asked for. The rooms are spacious and kept very clean by the friendly housekeeping staff. A bottle of champagne and plate of fruit was waiting for us. Another day we found a bottle of wine and chocolates, along with flowers on the bed and strewn over the huge, open Jacuzzi tub. The bathroom set-up is more open than many Americans might be used to, but it didn't bother us. The door to the loo is frosted, but does not quite go to the ceiling, so it is not as private as most bathrooms. However, the shower is huge and we were really only in the room to sleep and change.The beach is spectacular with tons of lounges and palapas. The water is warmer than we are used to (thank goodness) but still refreshing with some minor waves. The sand is crystal clear white. Strangely, there are absolutely no shells, so walking is carefree.There are about 7 restaurants to choose from and only 2 require reservations. We loved the gigantic buffet breakfast where there was truly something for the pickiest eater. We remarked that the Europeans all selected healthy yogurt and a bran cereal while the Americans were loading up on bacon, sausage and made to order omelets, or waffles or pancakes. You get the idea!The guests reflect the world, with about 60% from North America (lots of Canadians having a great time!!) and the rest from Europe. There was a little topless on the beach, but our 7 year old got over it faster than the 2 adult men in our group.You had a choice of where to eat for every meal and I thought the food was above average for feeding so many. We particularly liked the Steak House chateaubriand and others told us the Gourmet Restaurant was lovely. We could not visit there because they do not allow children, which makes for a romantic adult evening. Drinks of all kinds really flow and they stock your in-room refrigerator with water bottles, soda and beer every day. My recommendation would be to drink some kind of liquid everyday as you do get dehydrated from the heat.The pool is the biggest I have ever seen....and beautiful as it meanders along one whole side of the resort, crossed by wooden bridges at various spots. Bring a floatie if you are a pool person!Finally, one of the nicest things here was the lovely Dominican people. Every person we encountered, from a gardener, to the maids, to bartenders, waiters and front office staff were charming and working so hard to ensure guests had a lovely time. Please...this is a poor country, so tip them often with a smile. They are working hard to improve their lives and the lives of their families and they responded so kindly to my poor Spanish and a smile.This resort gives you amazing value for the money and we would quickly return again.

Best view for the price We stayed here for 4 nights in early May and found it just right for the two of us. Excellent price through the Entertainment Card with a 14th floor ocean front room which gave us spectacular views of Waikiki. (#1407 gives you a view of the Ala Moana Surfrider and the Pink Lady Hawaiian) This kitchy little hotel is directly across from a park so views of the ocean are fabulous. This part of Waikiki is where the surfers gather early every morning...what a sight. The rooms are small and it's kind of weird being in a circular hallway (!), but they are kept immaculately. The personnel on the desk are so helpful, even calling up maps on Google for us to take with us. Beach towels and chairs are free to use and, while they have no restaurant on site, there are loads of places within a few blocks. We loved the option to eat elegantly or quick and cheap. Parking was only $10 (a bargain in Honolulu) and you never had to wait to get your car or pay someone else to get it for you. Free paper and coffee every morning...Until I win the lottery, I would NEVER stay anywhere else.

Pleasant place to stay and a good location A good spot for our family of 4 including 2 teenagers. We had very a large room (large kitchen area with table, bedroom area with 2 queens and a sofa bed) at the back of the motel on the top floor - which unlike the previous reviewers room had a panoramic view over the city (not the courtyard) we could even see the top of the Golden Gate bridge though I believe we had the only room with this view. The decor was perhaps a little dated but all was clean. No problems with TV or phone and free wireless Internet was huge bonus for daughter who wanted to catch up with her friends back home. We found the location excellent for us, walking distance to most things and SF public transport is excellent. We avoided breakfast at the hotel completely and went to Polkers on Polk Street (as recommended by the staff) for superb breakfasts (pancakes, waffles etc etc etc you name it they do it), we also had an evening meal there which was also excellent and very good value.We found the staff at Nob Hill were very welcoming and friendly (despite having to wait up late for us due to a cancelled flight) They were extremely helpful giving us lots of local info, places to see (areas to avoid) etc.If I was to give a couple of tips for staying in San Francisco they would be avoid Fishermans wharf unless you like really touristy trash and if you want to make the trip to Alcatraz in the summer book it before you go - we hadn't done this and found all the trips were booked up for the whole week.

highly recommended I was suprised by some of the negative comments on the last few reviews for this hotel . We (my husband and I and two teenage children) stayed at the Affinia 50 in July. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay. Our 15th floor suite was extremely clean and large enough for 2 queen beds and a rollaway bed for our second daughter, the bathroom was a good size and there was more than adequate closet space. The kitchen was usful, but not really necessary as there are so many places to eat nearby. As a previous reviewer said the beds are some of the most comfortable I have ever slept on (I have back problems and I'm very very fussy), we did reciveve a pillow menu but didn't bother to change. We had no problems with noise from banging doors or voices in corridoors and street noise was at a perfectly acceptable level for a busy city (again noise is an area about which we are a fussy family as we take particular care to be quiet ourselves). All the staff were extremely helpful giving us recommndations for things to do, places to go, places to eat and directions. Would definately stay here again.Highly recommend Ess-a-bagel across the street for breakfast, and the Smith and Wollensky grill (on 49th and 3rd) for excellent steak.

Nice Place! My husband and I spent 2 nights and 1 cold stormy day in Oct. 2007 at the Edgewater. We found the hotel's decor unique and impressive. We liked the in-room Starbucks coffee, the world's best showerhead, the wonderful pillows and comfortable beds, the waterfront lobby, and the free hourly shuttle service to downtown attractions.Our room faced the parking lot, not the water. A train goes by this side of the hotel several times a day (and night), but we found that the closed windows provided good soundproofing. However, if the windows are open to cool the room, the noise level would be very disturbing. Fortunately, we were aware of this problem and brought good earplugs. We understand that the waterview rooms can also be noisy due to cruise ship and barge traffic.We enjoyed our stay at the Edgewater and would return.

Fabulous! I stayed at the Pacific for three weeks during Feb. and March of 2005. The staff were extremely helpful and the room immaculate. The buffet breakfast, which was included in the cost of my room, was fantastic with a great choice of hot and cold.This hotel is fabulous value for money and I would definitely go again and recommend it to anyone planning a trip to Sydney.

The view is amazing at the Meriton World Tower Booked four nights at the Meriton World Tower's on WOTIF and was very impressed with our three bedroom apartment on the 72nd floor. I requested a high level floor mainly to get an unobstructed view over other buildings. The apartment was $249 per night and was spacious and the view was truely special out to Sydney Heads and Eastern Suburbs. The apartments are large and had two bathrooms. The pool area is great with a spa and sauna area attached. Small things that need attention eg no pool towels, housekeeping always later in the day around 3ish, reception staff not overly friendly or interested in you (apart from swipping your credit card) means that I would rate it 4.5**. The location is fantastic and the monorail stop is right next door and there are shops and a Coles suprmarket underneath the building. I will return but definitely ask for a high level apartment as the view is amazing.

The real truth about Bavaro Princess... Cozy beach beds...

Trust me, it's a great hotel... What is there to dislike about the Tapatio? It is one of the best hotels in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area and you can get a room for $95.00 until Jan. 5th (and around $220-50 breaks for AAA members). We have stayed at the Phoenician, The Hyatt at Gainey Ranch, The Wigwam, etc. Of all those hotels, we often prefer to go to The Tapatio because: 1. wonderfully friendly staff who go out of their way to say hello or to help you out. This includes the check-in staff, the hotel room-service delivery people, the gift shop people and the whole assortment of the people at the golf course (they could consider hiring at least one to look as if they had an inkling that women can be pros, too). 2. The rooms are outstanding but not huge. There are two rooms in each suit. The first is, of course, the living room. That is separated from the bedroom by an ingenious systems of doors on either side of the bathroom (The bathroom has a pass-through from the living room to the and mirror on one side, toilet and bath on the other with a door.) which is between the two that closes between the living room and the bathroom and one that closes between the bathroom and the bedroom; this allows people in one room to close off the other room but to still use the bathroom. The rooms are newly read the earlier comment about what the writer thought were unattractive color schemes. Those colors are the keeping up to of the resorts we have stayed at in the greater Phoenix area, have begun to use similar colors. The beds have feather pillows and feather quilts. There is a wet bar and refrigerator in the living room. 2 wide screen first! Adequate lighting by each side of the bed. It is true that not all rooms are created equal. Some rooms have great views (such as in the main building on the right view is of delivery trucks all day so avoid those rooms). It is a hotel which is built on hillsides (which is part of its charm). If walking is a problem (as noted in one of the earlier reviews) request a room down below. 3. There are several small restaurants and two larger ones. One of the two larger ones is all paneled with mahogany and is very handsome. Good food, reasonably priced for a resort. Great bar. Friendly atmosphere. Then there is their very slick Point of with terrific views of Phoenix/Scottsdale. The restaurant has gotten great reviews from food critics. Pricey but that is what a gourmet restaurant costs. 4. You want pools? got pools. A huge water-wonderland set up with slides, etc. Two smaller pools nearer to the main part of the busy. One on top of the hill. Fitness center. And here is something outstanding: the hotel does not charge the usual $10-$12 a day I have come to hate at all hotels. You can buy a special certificate for $2.50 a day for various uses of resort you have to. Right there you save at least $70.00 a week.5. GOLFERS! Listen up. The course is terrific. It is kept in first-class condition (with the exception of the 2nd sure why they attended to that). The course has been called Phoenix areas best kept staff was very accommodating. The course climbs up and up until the 9th (at which point you are 3 miles from the clubhouse) where you can see for miles in either direction. There are some pretty tricky holes where doglegs, water and thick desert flora abound. Deep traps. Undulating greens, Fun. I paid to be this upbeat about the hotel! I just think it is great place. It going to all things to all give it try. I think you will be pleased.

Excellent Hotel!!! view of the patio!!

Best price in Boston for a 3-star I stayed on a Friday in June with a hotel full of other Red Sox fans; fun! Note, however, that the hotel is NOT within walking distance to Fenway Park unless you're up for a two-mile walk; cabs are plentiful, or the subway is very convenient to both the hotel and the ballpark. There are other hotels much more convenient to Fenway, but the price is insane, $300 a night and up. Book on the Holiday Inn website for good prices, detailed description of the options, and Priority Club points. When I checked in, I got a surprise upgrade to the executive floor as a Priority Club member! Very nice room. Spacious and very clean.This hotel was safe, clean, and quiet; as noted, most guests this date were families in town for a Red Sox game. (Looks like it's mostly a business hotel during the week; Mass Gen Hospital is right next door.) Jimmy at the front desk is great. The hotel is in a city neighborhood, but not a bad neighborhood. Plenty of amenities within a block; Starbucks of course, CVS (drugstore), Whole Foods Market, White Hen Pantry (like a 7-11) I went to Pizzetta Pizzeria right across the street that had great pizza and calzones for a post-game snack. It was full of locals, always a good sign. The sign said it was open until 3 a.m. on weekends! Hotel does have an outdoor pool, which I didn't check out but looked good through the window.Great location convenient to most of what Boston has to offer, clean and well-run, and cheaper than the comparable chains. Only warning: stay away from the hotel restaurant. Breakfast from the buffet was so cold that it was inedible.

fantastic hotel 10 out of 10 What a lovely hotel - would certainly recommend it to anyone. Rooms were lovely, just as they are on the photos. Staff were very helpful and 'smiley'. The roof top pool is just perfect... and the food is first class ........ breakfast and lunch ! I will certainly return to this hotel, thank you to everyone who looked after us.ps forgot to mention the location .......... just perfect. Sue Graham Andrew, Durham

Delightful and Convenient We spent 5 nights at this elegant hotel in the heart of the French Quarter. It was most convenient. The deluxe queen room was small but sufficient and efficient, and included all the luxuries one should expect. The concierge and bellmen were very helpful. New Orleans isn't all it used to be, but the hotel certainly left nothing to be desired.

Boston Hotel Just returned from a short trip (4 nights) to Boston. We were delighted with the location of the Sheraton/Boston and its comfortable room, 8th floor north tower. Being attached to the Prudential shopping mall made it very safe and convenient for me to shop while my husband was otherwise occupied. Concierge was terrific. That department simply made our stay the best.............California travelers

Great Boutique Hotel, Sometimes Friendly Staff Hot tub!!

Funky Hotel, Great Location Lobby

Fantastic Location, Friendly Staff Honestly, I'm kind of mixed about the Nadia. While I found the location to be perfect and the staff super friendly, the rooms are tiny (which I know is par for the course in Europe) and the beds were so uncomfortable - the sheets are like sandpaper. We had 2 separate stays while in town and the first half we were upgraded to the suite. I'm not sure how much that normally costs, but it was a good sized room with a nice view and a balcony. The stairs are rather daunting, around 75 total to the 4th floor, but it was our daily exercise. The second stay was in a room that was really small and almost had no place for 2 people to put their luggage, and we traveled lightly. The rooms were both clean and each came with a fridge, and coffee/tea maker, which was nice. The staff was always helpful. I can't comment on breakfast since we wanted to enjoy those delicious Dutch pancakes in town.If I didn't have to sleep in those beds again, I would recommend the Nadia. Again, the location can't be beat.

Fabulous Location, Great Price! Outside view

nice area This is the conclusion of our tour across america.The hotel was comfortable and just right for our needs.The location was nice just right really for a short walk down to union square or simply jump on the various transport available.What a shame there are so many beggars and drunks around.

Beautiful!!!:) the pool bar

Excellent hotel for business Guest Room

Some good, Some bad Stayed at MPHK in Sep. 3 ladies on a week of shopping and having fun. Upgraded to a Suite (to give us more room) but should have got a Harbourview room. Suite had outdated furniture and no view. Great position - direct access from hotel into a great shopping centre. Housekeeping ladies were a lot of fun, helpful and very pleasant. Our biggest gripe was with the concierge/porter staff. Every day we came in with our shopping trolleys/carts full to the brim quite heavy. The staff all stood around watched us struggle to open the doors, struggle down the couple of steps, trundle thru the foyer up the next couple fo steps. We only got service when we banged the carts down the steps and made that much noise that everyone, including the check-in guests, turned to see what all the noise was. I think our next trip to HK we will try another hotel - pity as MPHK was strongly recommended.

convenient, nothing special I sayed at the Hyatt Regency (not to confused with the Grand Hyatt that is also at the airport) for 2 nights, having early/late flights. The rooms are in need of renovation, wallpaper is pealing, bathrooms are old, but all was functional.Having paid $42 at priceline I figure it was a good deal- I wouldn't pay a lot more.The lobby and restaurant are all redone and the food was tasty. Staff was friendly and responsive.Driving to and from the Hotel is a little confusing, since it is right at the airport make sure you get your parking validated

Brilliant holiday water aerobics

Great Location, great room but noisy neighbours We spent three nights at the Princess at the end of November/beginning of December for my husband's 50th Birthday treat.We caught the red eye from Luton so arrived at the hotel not expecting to check in but fully prepared to leave our bags and go out exploring, but the very nice chap checked us in and whispered that we would get a junior suite as the hotel was very full, which was a definite bonus. The room on the 10th Floor had a sitting room with sofa and desk, the main room and a bathroom with shower. We found the room to be clean, of a good size and with plenty of storage space (especially as the sitting room had a wardrobe as well). It is a very modern hotel but we like this style; it may not be for everyone. The views are great (although the bridge between the two halves of the building was a challenge for my husband!).We stayed from Thursday to Sunday and the hotel definitely emptied out at the weekend when all the corporates left.Earlier comments about the noisy neighbours are spot on. At the weekend the local rave venue is very noisy and does go on well in to the early hours. Fortunately we did so much walking we were too exhausted for it to keep us awake but it has to be said that it is extremely noisy and was on every night we were there. We walked to Port Olympic from the hotel which was lovely especially on Sunday morning when the place is buzzing with families, cyclists, roller bladers, etc., enjoying the sunshine.Port Olympic is definitely the place to eat. We would particularly recommend Sylvestre which was very lively with friendly staff and the sea food out of this world. All the restaurants in this complex looked great and were very popular with the locals.Getting around the city is a breeze with the Metro being very efficient, clean and safe. The two day unlimited pass was very good value and very convenient.We had a wonderful weekend at the Princess with the only downside being the noisy neighbours.

Do You Want To Feel Like Your Somebody!? looking into restaurant

Would definitly stay here again! Jacuzzi At Night

Have stayed here many times and love it!!! granite sink in bathroom

Better late than never!! Jacuzzi

Better late than never! bedroom shot

Better late than never!! Bedroom looking from door. (ignore stupid stance and face!)

Fabulous Florence Hotel We heard about Hotel Davanzati through Rick Steves' Italy and as soon as we stepped into this charming hotel and met Fabrizio, we knew we had made the right choice. Fabrizio gave us wonderful suggestions as to where to eat at places that were reasonably priced and not touristy. Our room was beautiful, clean and even had a laptop computer with internet which was quite a surprise. Every morning we enjoyed a delicious breakfast served in the cozy dining room. The evening happy hour in the candlelit room with the Chianti, Perseco and delicious bruschetta was a special treat which was included in the price. We would highly recommend to anyone visiting Florence to stay here and enjoy the hospitality and warmth of Davanzati.

Wonderful hotel I spend one week every five or six in Toronto and was looking for a place I could feel comfortable and safe. Since I work long hours, even when I'm not in the office in Toronto, I'm working and I hate feeling as though I'm stuck in my bedroom all week long.The Cambridge Suites Hotel was wonderful. The living room area was comfortable with a nice, large desk for working. The bedroom area was fine for me and the bed was very comfortable. There was very good light in both room. Most hotel rooms are too warm for me, so I loved being able to adjust the temperature to my comfort level. There was a nice large bathroom. I loved having televisions in each room.As a woman traveling, the biggest challenge in putting on makeup. There was not a good, naturally lit place with a mirror to put in makeup, so I improvised, as usual. But that's a small., and common problem with most hotels.The service was excellent. My room was always clean when I returned at night, the housekeeper even gave me extra cookies one night. I find Toronto quite dry and painful for my sinuses. I asked whether they might have a humidifier and nice large one was in my room when I returned that night.I generally eat a very light dinner while I work at night, and the kitchen was wonderful about accommodating me. Basically they told me they could make me pretty much whatever I wanted as long as they had the ingredients.I am going back to Toronto in two weeks and you can bet I am staying at Cambridge Suites again.

Gorgeous hotel in the heart of Paris. To say that i enjoyed my time at Jays is an understatement! What a fantastic location; Jay's is right in the heart of Paris and walking distance to all the lovely French cafe's and sights.The rooms were absolutely gorgeous; tastefully decorated and so comfortable.I will be recommending Jays to all of my friends.

Royal Garden Hotel - Fit for a King ! Having booked online slightly apprehensive about what the accommodation would be like - we needn't have worried! Absolutely gorgeous hotel, excellent service, spotlesss rooms, incredibly helpful staff. Dined at the hotel twice during our short stay and the food was sensational and fantastic value. Would recommend this hotel without hesitation. Location a short walk from the harbour - coldn't have been more pleased with our choice.

Love the hotel but location is a bit out of the way I really liked this place. It wouldn't be to everyone's taste as it's quite industrial in design. We had a very large bedroom. Good breakfasts. The staff were very helpful and went to a lot of trouble to book a restaurant for us when we were having problems finding a place. Although I really liked the hotel and the area it was in I would probably look for something a little more central the next time. Yes, you can get the bus or train easily but that does take up precious time if you are in the city for a weekend.

Super hotel I stayed here while in Madrid for work and would definitely chose to stay here again. The room was lovely - airy and nicely furnished. They've done a great job restoring the building and the rooftop bar is lovely. The location of the hotel is fantastic and although the street outside is busy it's part of the charm of Madrid and closing the windows did keep out a lot of the noise. The reception area is not very impressive - a small sort of antechamber - but I suspect that is so that the building is preserved properly. My only gripe was that the bed is on wheels and tends to move away from the wall. However I'm sure there must be brakes - I just forgot to ask.

Very nice The Oriental is what you expect. Slick, well run, nice rooms, excellent service. Pool area is a bit bland and windy and the location isn't great, but thankfully taxis in Singapore are cheap and plentiful. If you are used to the Oriental group hotels you won't be disappointed. This lives up to it's reputation, without the wow factor. Spa is bland but therapists are fantastic!

Scary view Nothing wrong with this hotel. Location isn't for everyone, being very far downtown with few proper shopping/eating options. Room itself was pretty nice - standard modern Hilton. Staff were a bit snooty. I was woken up every 15 minutes as my room was next to the elevator, so the ding was annoying, and there was a housekeeping phone right outside the room that kept ringing. Staff comment was Oh, would you like us to shut down the elevator then?However - one thing to bear in mind that the hotel overlooks Ground Zero. Directly. In fact, you probably won't get a better view of the site of the fallen twin towers from anywhere. Maybe it's just me, but I found it a rather disturbing sight. Of course some people will find this interesting. I just found it was chilling.

If You Can Walk One Flight of Steps, Stay Here The Alessandra is a clean and charming hotel a block from the maddening crowd but within easy reach of the Florence sites. The only caution I would give is: you must be able to get yourself up one flight of stairs to stay here. Once you've walked up the steps from ground level, there is a small elevator to the Hotel's reception floor. (We loved the spaceship sound it made when the door was open.)The hotel staff was cheerful, friendly, and unfailingly helpful. Andrea is a doll of a concierge and all around hotel representative.The rooms were large, well appointed, and clean. Here again there are a few steps to negotiate whether getting to the room or getting from the bed area to the restroom. Our rooms (the Junior Suite and the River View room had a view of the Arno which is a block away. The rooms were quiet (except for the few times when the church bell outside our window rang calling folks to Mass). Breakfast was predictable (cereal, cheese, meat, yogurt, chocolate/coffee/cappuccino) but more than adequate - the cappuccino comes with a happy face topping it which always reflected our mood while there.The Ponte Vecchio is MAYBE 3 blocks away and everything is within a 5-10 minute walk.I highly recommend the Alessandra.

Tranquil Escape Lanson Place has been a lovely quiet hotel to stay in during our first visit to Hong Kong. The staff are friendly, helpful and unobtrusive. It's a quiet place to return to after busy days of shopping and sightseeing. It is so close to the MTR which makes travelling around Hong Kong so easy. Lanson Place seems to be used mostly by business travellers but we enjoyed our stay very much. The free wi-fi and the welcome pack are a bonus.

Beware: Summertime is teen tour group time If you're looking for a peaceful few nights in Sydney, look somewhere else. There are large (40) teenage tour groups always coming and going. You will wait for an elevator, you will wait for breakfast, you will be bombarded with constant rumblings from typical teenagers. If this doesn't bother you, you might like the place. It was clean, the shower was fine and its in an ok location.

Nice Hotel-But..... Wedding at Sunset

Very good!! I chose the Caribe for a pre cruise stay because of its proximity to the piers in old san juan. It was awsome.We arrived early (around 2 pm) and had to wait for our room to be ready. Check in time is 4pm, the bellstaff stored our luggage and we headed to enjoy the facilities, the front desk staff took our information to let us know when the room was ready. By 3pm they had already called us to give us our room. At the desk we noticed several other guests complaining about having to wait for their rooms since noon. As the bellman escorted us to the room I asked if it was frequent that guests have to wait so many hours like those other guests. He told me that this hotel runs full almost everyday, which makes it hard to have vacant/ clean rooms during the day for early arrivals. He also mentioned that the more of a hard time you give the front desk the worst of a room you will get. So beware.Thankfully our room was lovely, we stood in room 1865 at the tower building, it had the most awsome ocean view. The hotel layout is side ways so no room is ocean front but this side of the tower building is the only one where you wont see the roof of the next building in the hotel. Since it was the 18th floor we saw some of the front garden , a park , and the ocean, during the day you can even see the ships as the approach the pier. The room was spacious and had a great marble bathroom with a walk in shower instead of a tub. We always had fresh towls and sheets, although you have to request them, as a hilton standard the beds now have only a duvet instead of sheets.Since we are hilton honors members we have free access to the lounge in the executive level of the main building. It was nice because it offeres continental breakfast in the day and in the evening they have appetizers and cocktails, if you are not a gold or diamond member you might want to consider upgrading to the executive level to have this access because the food in the hotel is expensive and there are not much options outside the hotel unless you take a cab or rent a car. Walking distance there is a minimart, a small local coffeshop that makes great sandwiches and awsome eggs with bacon, and a subway restaurant. But thats about it. The options inside the hotel are good although expensive, they have a Morton's steakhouse, a pan- asian restaurant called Lemongrass, an Italian restaurant called Il Giardino and a Spanish restaurant called Madrid - San Juan. My favorite was Lemongrass, wonderful sushi. My least favorite was Madrid San Juan, the service was not so good and the food was just ok.The grounds are perfect, a nice big 3 tier pool,very kid frindly beach, plenty of hammoks to nap under the shade of the palm trees, we always were able to get umbrellas and towels, although the hotel was full we never felt crowded. They also have a nice quiet tropical garden with a pond with swans in it, also they have peacocks that stroll around the garden , this garden also has a small pool that you can enjoy if you pefer to be in a more quiet and private surrounding. Our check out was ok we did the express check out option to avoid the lines, we booked with travelocity so we had to pay the extra resort fee and occupancy tax that is not covered by these wholesalers ( Travelocity, orbitz, hotels.com, priceline,etc) the resort fee is about a 12% of the rate and the occupancy tax is 5 dollars per person per day. If you book with a travel agency ask if its included so you wont be surprised when you check out.Also, be carefull when you give your credit card, as in all hotels they put a hold on the card for an estimated amount of your total nights rate with taxes plus 75dollars per day per person for incidentals, if you use a debit card these funds will be automaticly deducted from your account and you will not be able to use your money . If you use a debit card I suggest you withdraw the money and pay in cash. In my case i was promised they would not make a hold but rather keep the credit card number to charge me at check out. I gave them my card and a few moments later I checked my balance, they had taken an approval for 800 dollars, when my total stay did not sum up to 400 dollars. I had to wait a week to get the money back in my account.I would surely return to the Caribe hilton , the staff was always friendly and had a can do attitude,I always felt welcome. I'm already planning my next trip!

Was just ok Beach

Much better than expected We arrived early evening for a one night stay prior to a cruise . The staff made us very welcome provided us with a city map details on how to keep ourselves our personal belongings safe. Our hotel bedroom bathroom were spotlessly clean, and we found several very useful accessories had been left for us, e.g. travel toothpaste brush, shower cap, soap, shower gel. comb, shoe clean kit etc. There was no outlook from the window, but this was not a problem. Stepping out into the street we found several bars restaurants enjoyed a nice evening with very little interference from street sellers. We enjoyed a very good hotel buffet breakfast which was priced at 15euros each, plenty of choice served in an immaculate dining room.The hotel is situated within a short distance of La Ramblas we walked there the next morning. (Would not recommend walking through the back streets at night). We were able to leave our luggage in our room until midday so we found this very convenient.Having read poor reviews for this hotel we were delighted to stay in such a comfortable and well run establishment can certainly recommend it. We will be happy to stay here again when next in Barcelona.

Great Place! I stayed here in January for 8 days and just now got around to writing a review because I've been traveling for work as usual. I loved it, and that's pretty much all there is to say.But I'll say more. Upon check-in, a dairk haired female was so polite and used my name several times. She said Welcome back, since I had stayed there once this year and have a Hilton membership. She offered me an upgrade, and a bellman promptly walked me to my room.The room was open and airy. The bed linens were crisp, and I took a nap before my first meeting. I ordered a cesar salad from room service after that, and the agent was also very nice. The food at this place wsa great throughout my stay. One day for breakfast I had the eggs benedict, and it reminded me of a dish I once had in my childhood.Upon checkout, over the phone, the guy asked me how my stay was. Housekeeping was great I said, the staff was all friendly, and my room was comfortable. I didn't want to go back to GA.

Super location We have just returned from Berlin spent 3 excellent nights in the Hilton. Our room was large, comfortable very clean. The hotel was very quiet, no late night noise.The staff were tremendously helpful, couldnt do enough for you.Above all else the location is excellent. there was a stike on that affected the buses the underground, not a problem when staying in the Hilton as all the major sites are within walking distance. Also very handy for great resturants. Would stay here again.

Loved Affinia Gardens We are an English family of four with two teenage girls. This was our first trip to New York and we chose this hotel because of the quiet location and large rooms. It was such a relief after 15 hours travelling to arrive at a hotel in another country and not be disappointed. The hotel was relaxing, the rooms were spotless, beds comfy, staff very helpful and friendly. There was plenty of space for the four of us and the kitchenette was great for breakfasts and snacks. We were only two blocks away from the subway and great shopping and restaurants. Central Park was just 10 minutes walk and there was a handy grocery store just down the road to stock up on essentials. We had a fabulous holiday and would definitely stay at Affinia Gardens again, we felt we had chosen the right location as hotels in mid-town would have been too noisy - highly recommended.

Incredible position - you know you are in Paris! My husband and I lived in Paris for two years, so when we go back we usually stay in apartments. This time, we had only two nights so decided to stay in a hotel. The Brighton has been recommended to me and I had inspected it when I lived in Paris, so knew exactly what to expect.It really is one of the best located hotels in Paris for the price. For more than double you can stay at the Meurice only a few doors up and stay in a much smaller room (though admittedly more luxurious). But, remember, you are in Paris - you won't spend all your time in your room! Having said that, our room was huge - big king size bed, large armoire, plenty of space, two windows and a narrow balcony running the entire length of the large room. The bathroom had twin basins, a separate shower and bath, and a separate toilet. I choose a large room with a balcony on the fourth floor to ensure that we would be high enough to see over the trees of the Tuileries and to enjoy the incredible view. And incredible it is -you are opposite the Tuileries Gardens, with Musee D'Orsay in the background - the Louvre to the left, the Eiffel Tower and Arc de Triomphe on the right. We absolutely loved it and you definitely know you are in the heart of Paris at such a fabulous location. We skipped the hotel breakfast and went over to the gardens to have breakfast from the Paul patisserie cart at the Louvre end. They have tables set up with a coffee machine - superb! The staff were very helpful. We had huge amounts of luggage and the porter was great. All very couteous, friendly and welcoming. No negative experiences at all. But, do ask for a high room with a balcony - so much nicer being about to step outside to feel Paris and well as see it.And did I mention the location???? Opposite the Tuileries metro stop, so if you can't walk somewhere, just jump on a metro. Also, there were always plenty of taxis available.

Good location, nice hotel Great location, very nice rooms, clean. 1 street away from train station, yet this place was very quiet. I highly recommend this place.If I could change anything my wish list would include 2 things. First, free internet. This place does cater to business traveler and business events...so internet should be free. Second, we were in the ajoining building...and in the morning I was awoken to the doors slamming in the corridor. Doors are big and heavy and they really slam when they are closed. I was on vacation, so doing a bit of sleeping in...but that was harder at this hotel.

Pre-Cruise Stay The Sonesta Hotel and Suites in Coconut Grove was very nice. We booked a 1 bedroom Biscayne suite for my husband, 16 y/o son and myself. The suite was very nice! It had a full kitchen, nice balcony with 2 entrances leading out from the suite and even a washer and dryer! Our view was of the pool area and the bay beyond...very nice. We felt that this was one of the most comfortable hotel stays that we've had. The property was very nice and clean with daily housekeeping, daily newspaper, free WiFi and very pleasant front desk staff! This property is in a great location of Coconut Grove and you can get around on foot to many areas. They also offer a free shuttle bus to South Beach. There are quite a few places to eat in the immediate area and the hotel has a restaurant as well. I would recommend this hotel to families, couples and business travelers.

Good Value at the I'lima Cloudy morning along the Ala Wai Canal - great for walking and jogging!

Snazzy Hotel. Well worth the money. We went to San Francisco for a friend's birthday so we decided to live it up through Hotwire. Le Meridian was somewhat difficult to find off the Bart stop even with the directions. I called ahead and the staff was nice enough to give us an early check-in and gave us a room on the higher floors which have a much better view. We could see the bay out our window. I have this preconceived notion that when you buy something off a discount website that you are going to discount service but that wasn't the case here. Everyone was nice and the Bell Hops were pretty hilarious. The hotel is located downtown so if your there on a Sunday, nothing is really open. All the restaurants and bars close early but a short walk to Little Italy or Chinatown and they stay open pretty late down there. There is an Irish Bar across the street that is about the only thing open after 9pm. We didn't attempt the hotel restaurant though. Good location and pretty accessible to mass transit for the touristy stuff. Rooms were gorgeous and the bathroom was also pretty ornate. They even gave out robs to enjoy during your stay which was a nice addition. Definitely would recommend.

great staff, wonderful 2 bedroom suite If you want to splurge in Honolulu try the 2 bedroom suite in the hotel. The views of the city and marina with sunsets are spectacular. The staff from the bellman, to valet to checkin desk were ready to help and welcome you to the hotel. Our suite was great and the baths in each bedroom were unbelievable - I've stayed in hotel rooms that were the size of these baths. They were the same in both master suites - extremely spacious with 2 sink vanity. One side was a large jetted soak tub. Other side of room was a separate toilet with door and a separate walkin shower (quite large). Also a huge closet with soft bathrobes and disposable slippers for your use. Nice touch with the marble floors that were chilly. Living area was quite large with a table and chairs for in room dining plus a long sofa that was very comfortable. Wrap around windows that gave an oceanfront view and a marina view.Also a real nice touch that you don't see often in high rises hotels - windows that actually opened but were chest high so as not to pose a danger to children. My family with me had never stayed in suites like this and their chins hit the floor when we walked in.

Small, Efficient, GREAT PUB downstairs!! My husband and I travelled to San Francisco for the Nike Women's Marathon Oct 22-24 and stayed at the CQ for 2 nights. We had two rooms, and although I requested adjoining rooms when I made the reservation, when we checked in, we were unable to get them. Instead, we were given rooms that were sort of across the hall from each other. The hotel is located across from the embarcadero center, so we spent a lot of time walking through the shops and just enjoying the sights and sounds.The hotel is clean and nice. The front desk was friendly and check in/out was a breeze.The rooms were definitely small. They weren't as tiny as I'd feared, but the smaller of the two rooms we had was not something I would choose to stay in again. There are either two twin beds in the room or one queen- much smaller than most of us are used to.The door to the bathroom was odd- even fully shut, it had a noticeable gap that you could see through, or worse, smell through... sorry to be graphic, but this is a terrible feature of this hotel. This hotel is definitely geared toward the business crowd, with high speed internet free in the rooms, as well as internet on tv for a fee. I would think if a businessperson had a co-worker/client/etc to their room the bathroom door would be a real inconvenience. did i mention the bathroom doors need to be replaced?!I also was disappointed in the walls. They were very thin, and when the person in the next room didn't shut off his alarm clock for 30 seconds at 4:50am, I got the pleasure of lying awake listening to him get up, take his shower, and get ready for his day. I had my 18mo son in the room with me, and I can only imagine his crying in the night must've interrupted our neighbors' sleep as well. Also, the hotel is literally around the corner from the fire station, so although this is a nice safety feature, be prepared for sirens at all hours-- more sirens than normal, anyway.The bathrooms/bedrooms were very clean, and the showerheads were wonderful. Overall, I'd recommend this hotel if you're travelling on business. Otherwise, I'd suggest something a little more comfortable for a vacation.

Super hotel, but bring earplugs The Westin City Center is, overall, a great hotel. The newly renovated rooms are beautifully appointed and stocked, the staff are helpful and eager to please, and room service is reasonable and very good. The Westin is in easy walking distance to the arts district (if you are one of the 6 visitors to Dallas who chooses to walk to anything). However: if you are a light sleeper, this is not the hotel for you. Someone forgot the soundproofing, and the rooms that overlook the atrium - while a lot of fun - are the worst. With a function in full swing on a Saturday night, there was an echo chamber effect to the noise that was truly amazing. Not even a heavenly bed can overcome that ruckus. Also, for these rates...internet shouldn't be $9.95 a day!! It's the one flaw in their amenities.

First Class and Fabulous! Beach at the Ritz

Great location, nice room in a BIG hotel! This is a big and busy hotel, so if you are looking for warm and personal service it's not for you. However, the rooms are very spacious and in good order, and the view of Singapore was terrific. I could see Raffles and the Singapore Cricket Club from my room. I stayed on the executive level - 58th floor, and had access to their lounge -- free breakfast and evening drinks and snacks. If you can get a good rate, this service is definitely worth it. Breakfast was quite good, staff pleasant, though busy.The bathrooms might be less than adequate for two people (only one sink), but they are very clean and nicely done and the shower was good. The only real criticism I have is that the bed was a little too hard for my taste. If you like plush pillow-top mattresses, look elsewhere.I found the desk staff very pleasant, but there are often long lines at reception and crowds at the concierge desk. Many airline personnel stay here, but they have their own check-in desk. I ate in their top floor restaurant one night -- very good meal, super service, fabulous view. The presence of the shopping mall next door was quite handy -- the crepe cafe in the food court is especially good. I recommend the grocery store on the lower level for good prices on Singapore gifts to take home.

Price and size are right! This is NOT one of NYC's most elegant hotels, but the rooms are spacious, the stafffriendly and helpful, the location is terrific, and the price is more reasonable than most. We just returned from a 3-night stay in a two bedroom suite. This is the second time in the last year that we have rented a 2-bedroom suite at the Eastgate Tower. The living room is huge, each bedroom has its own bathroom, and there is a basic but adequate kitchen, complete with dishes, silverware, dishwasher, stove, microwave, toaster, and full-sized refrigerator. They have wi-fi access in the rooms for $9.95 a day -- it worked well.I was in NYC on business, and shared the two bedroom suite with a work colleague, as it was cheaper than two rooms and you get more space. We shopped for breakfast foods in a great grocery store a block away, and ate a couple of lunches in a terrific American diner on the corner.The furniture is a bit shabby, and the beds could be more comfortable though are tolerable. But everything has been very clean, and the hotel staff very friendly and service-oriented. This hotel won't work for you if you require elegance and a touch of luxury, but if you want some space, clean bathrooms, and a kitchen in a safe neighborhood a short walk from Grand Central, it is a good and economical choice.

VIlla Real was OK We were there in September - 2 rooms. I agree with many of the comments - the hotel is VERY central which is it's biggest plus. Second is the nice bathroom (small...two sinks but one is behind the door so not very usable) with good amenities (they had hair-conditioner, a rarity, but don't use it because it was very hard on the hair!!). And, we got a bottle of wine in our room which was lovely and a few flowers and the chocolates at turn down service. The room was immaculate. The bedroom was the top level with a step down to the lower sitting level which is a nice feature....but the space would have been better as one nice larger bedroom since the bed corner was right by the step down - very dangerous if you're stumbling around in the dark (I managed not to fall till the last day when I was packing...and really got a terrible bruise froim hitting the bannister on the way down.) My friend's single room was extremely tiny with small twin beds.The hotel service is spotty...some people were very friendly/helpful, others totally ignored us or were outright rude. I felt there really wasn't any nice communal space - the lounge area was not well appointed, furnishings modern and the space uninviting. While we were there, no one actually seemed to use the part of the space that was a bit elevated (except at the computer) - it's very underutilzed and a waste. It's a shame they didn't expand the bar/tapas lounge instead - it was nice to have that in the hotel but no part of it was non-smoking so the smallish space could get pretty bad. And you never felt special as a guest in that area since there was a lot of walk in traffic to the bar.Our rooms had no information in them (e.g. about the restaurant, the area, hotel services, use of the Urban's facilities) or instructions on how to use the phone, (I had to make a call to France and the hotel operator gave me the wrong instructions twice...and my short call cost me 38Euros - - so make sure you have your own calling card) there wasn't even info on how to call another room, etc. There was no clock in the room (but that's pretty typical). My friend asked if she could have a clock and they said no clocks in this hotel.Last time in Madrid we stayed at the Palace which was fabulous but with the Euro/dollar rate it was just too much for us to spend on a room - rather spend that money on other things (we did go over there to sit in their lounge and have an evening drink). The Villa Real was a decent compromise and very functional but I think I might look for something a little more special next time.

Strategic position in Manhattan on the roof of the hotel

Great Stay We arrived early several hours before check-in time and were pleased that we were able to check right in. The hotel is in a very convenient location, easy walking to all the Fisherman's Wharf attractions. It's also very close to the several cable car stops and has a taxi waiting area right across the street. We had a fair sized king room on the fourth floor with a king sized bed. The room was clean and comfortable but with no view. The hectic complimentary buffet breakfasts were convenient but they were often slow replenishing items that were finished. Front desk service was friendly and helpful. Price could have been a little lower but overall a perfectly fine stay.

Excellent value, great location and really nice staff We stayed here from December 29th to Jan 5th and we found the Cambridge Suites to be a first class place to stay if you are visting Toronto. The Suites themselves are clean and spacious to a European eye and the bed was one of the most comfortable that we had slept in and it was huge!Cambridge Suites are located right near the main shopping area and a shortish walk to the harbourfront. We only took transit twice during our stay and the rest of the time we were able to walk everywhere we wanted to go.The staff couldn't have been nicer and were incredibly helpful particularly in getting us a better rate for our hire car when we travelled out of town. Also when we discovered that we couldn't collapse the ironing board after use they were on to it straight away. We stayed at the Suites over New Year and we found out that unlike a lot of hotel the Suites do not book out rooms for single nights at times like New Year to make sure that they are not used for noisy parties. We thought that this was very considerate of other guests.WeI would thoroughly recommend the Suites and will be staying there the next time we are in Toronto.

Great Family Room We were thrilled with the service and accommodations at the Hotel Venere. The family room is located just off the reception area (great when you have a ton of bags) and roomy enough for the four of us. To be greeted with a bottle of wine and a plate of snacks was a lovely touch and appreciated after a days travel. Breakfast was very good with fresh fruit, cereals, yogurt, bread and a great cappucino/espresso for us and creamy hot chocolate for the children. We will definately return to the Hotal Venere.

Awesome Hotel! Great Location! Large Rooms! sitting area

Perfect Wedding Week Our wedding party and many friends/family stayed at The Palace during my wedding week and the entire stay was absolutely perfect. The staff would help with anything that we needed (and that sometimes was a tough task)! The rooms were gorgeous and spacious; the views--stunning; the gym was also a plus with great views, tons of equipment and lots of space. My friends, family, husband and I had a spectacular stay here.

Gorgeously decorated!! Great gardens

A Paradise in Punta Cana While the road to get to this hotel was bumpy (and I'm not just reffering to the actual road, the airline we flew was repugnant), the trip was well worth it. The check in was a breeze, we were greeted with a glass of wine and a cool towel. The front desk staff was efficient and very friendly. The rooms were immaculate, beautifully decorated and very spacious. The dual headed shower was very nice as was the giant soaking tub. Our room was ocean front and the view was stunning! I especially loved the balcony with the chaise lounges perched on the very edge of the perimeter.The pool was just the right size with a great view of the ocean. Lounge chairs with comfy cushions and shaded by great big umbrellas lined the pool deck. The beach was covered in soft, golden sand and lounge chairs (some under shade, some not) were dotted along the edge of the resorts landscaping to the beach. It was very serene and peaceful.The restaurants (there are three) were good! Every morning we awoke to a tray of pasteries, coffee and fresh squeezed orange juice awaiting outside of our room. The service at all of the restaurants was absolutely first class. They are very accomodating, even creating a Dominican menu for us one day that was probably the best food we had there. One night they served us a completely impromptu dinner at the (closed) pool bar, complete with candlelight and tablecloth! We had been in the pool and then it started raining so we were stuck at the pool bar area and the servers grabbed umbrellas and walked from the nearby restaurant to serve us. The Spa is not to be missed! The unique pool with the different water therapy areas was a treat in itself! I tried the signature Rose Quartz treatment, it was heaven! The therapist was a magician! Overall the place is secluded, peaceful and completely luxurious. The staff was friendly and helpful. It is not your typical all inclusive fare that common in this area, but I didn't want that in a vacation. I don't know how kid friendly this would be, it's more a romantic place. It was our honeymoon and it was perfect!

Cool Hotel! I have just returned from a 3 night stay at the Bryant Park Hotel.This is a very trendy place to stay and the size of the rooms were certainly well above average for New York. The bathrooms were HUGE and the bath was like a swimming pool!The bedrooms were very well equiped with plasma TV and Bose stereo system.Our room overlooked Bryant Park and was a little noisy on the Saturday evening (why do the cab drivers have to beep their horns all the time?)!! Our friends rooms were on the back of the Hotel and were much quieter, however earplugs were available in each room.Disappointed that there were no recreational areas in the lobby for us to meet up with our friends, in fact the lobby is rather small.We chose not to eat in the Koi Restaurant as there is such a selection of eateries within easy walking distance.We did have a round of drinks in the Cellar Bar but they were extremely expensive so did not pay it a visit again!All in all our stay at the Bryant was most enjoyable and it's location is superb whehter you want to visit New York to shop or to sightsee.

Best fortnight of my life!! Mini Miss Dreams

Most Amazing Value! Nicest staff I have ever met! What a great little independent hotel. We had lovely triple rooms on bottom floor near breakfast room (family of six) with the cleanest bathroom I have ever had in a hotel. Well organized rooms with lots of hooks, closet space, shelves, etc. Excellent, delicious full breakfast every morning. Six- or seven-minute walk to Pimlico station, slightly longer to Victoria. Definitely lived up to its reviews, and I read hundreds before I booked. Child-friendly (we have four). It was the only hotel that met all my criteria before booking, and it met every single one of my requirements upon arrival with no disappointments. Stay at the Luna Simone!

Looked good but shame about the rest! Arriving after an 18 hour flight at 10pm with bookings not only made but paid for many months previous and then treated as if we had just walked in off the street! We were asked if we wanted smoking or non-smoking when all this was pre-booked. We were then told there was only a twin room available when we had booked a double. I got out my papers and pointed out that we had a Superior room booked and was immediately told that Superior meant their STANDARD room. I think it was more the attitude that she had and she was definitely in the wrong job! She then proceeded and in our tired state we presumed she had indeed given us a double room. We arrived at the room to find it was a twin room. So my husband immediately rang asked for the duty Manager and told them to get it sorted out and hung up. Within 5 minutes they were back with a keycard to a double room, I wonder where they found that seeing as they didn't have any! So our stay started off badly and continued like that for 4 nights. The hotel is built around the pool and all day there is noise from children in the pool and at night from the bar and restaurant out there. We were woken up 3 times one night by wrong number telephone calls put through up until 2.15am. Breakfast was a disaster as it's all so badly arranged it seems crowded and you bump into people even when it's not. Chairs are far too low (and we are tall) for the tables. Food is very ordinary, bacon burnt to a crisp, not much choice of cereals or fruit. Tables are laid with not complete cutlery or serviettes missing and clean cutlery not available unless you get it off another table. Wait staff more interested in talking to each other than serving anyone. Went to look at the buffet one night and it was terrible so we didn't bother. Our actual room was OK (but noisy) and clean and bathroom was reasonable too. Long corridors to lifts. When we left we had a late flight and found the hospitality room was also the laundry and nowhere comfortable to sit! So we sat in the lounge in the foyer and found staff using this all the time to sit in and 2 of them were actually asleep in there! Management seems very slack to let standards reach these levels. Although it was convenient to Clarke Quay the food places there were overpriced and I think Orchard Road would have been better. The only saving grace of the hotel was the Concierge Department they were without fail very efficient and helpful. The hotel had a shuttle bus to Orchard Road and also another to Suntec and Raffles City but taxis are cheap anyway.

There are better hotels than this I squeezed into my tiny queen bedded room to discover there was no desk, no where practical to place luggage and not even a luggage stand. This is not a cheap hotel and if you're on a business trip, no desk is ridiculous. It turns out there are double bedded rooms with desks, and the staff at the front desk politely allowed me to change rooms.The room with 1 double bed was equally as tiny. I discovered the TV behind the large basket of in-room food and moved the food into the closet. It was nice to have a bathroom gown, however, it disappeared after the first night and was not replaced. The phone next to the bed didn't work. Yes the decor is wonderfully boutique and there is free wireless, but I don't think I'll be back..

Refreshingly different. I loved this hotel!I stayed for business and found the trendy decor and large plush rooms a pleasure to come back to after a long day. This is not your cookie cutter hotel . It offers cosy duvet's on the bed and W style decor but rooms that are double the size.High service touches included gourmet cookies provided with turndown and each morning providing an East Coast paper for this East Coast Resident (the New York Times). I was reluctant to stay at the hotel given some negative reviews but had no choice as other hotels were booked out. I'm so glad I stayed and shall definitely return.

Great Vacation! beach

WOW! factor Goldfish in the garden

Excellent Alternative to Big American Hotels My husband and I stayed 5 days at this resort in early May 2006 after a three week tour of Thailand, Vietnam and Cambodia. We have traveled extensively (60 countries to date) and usually stay in 5 star hotels, often boutique hotels.The Bali Tropic differs from other deluxe or luxury resorts in Bali in that it is locally owned. As a result, it has less glitz and polish than a Marriott, Sheraton or Four Seasons, and also fewer amenities such as fancy workout rooms, full bar of call liquor, Wi-Fi in rooms, etc.We booked a Royal Room directly through the hotel with an all-inclusive package and paid under $200/day. The Royal Rooms were built at the back of the property 3 years ago and we found the rooms to be spotless, well-appointed with soaps, shampoo, complimentary water, and nicely fitted out with a four-poster bed with netting and high quaility local furniture. The decor was very nice--I would say rustic Balinese, with several niches in the walls with back-lit sculpture and a lovely balcony with a unique rattan lounger. The beach is a nice size with plenty of shade and palapas (though you need to get out early and throw a towel on one to reserve it), but is not pristine white powder. It is sand color and has seaweed that arrives regularly on the tides. There is a staff member who rakes it up and buries it...but it is also a problem in the water, though not enough to to keep us from an occasional dip.Our rate included pick-up from the airport, and staff member was waiting for us with a card with our name when we got through customs. We were at the resort in about 20 minutes and the reception staff escorted us to our room for check-in, as it was hot. The air conditioning had the room nicely chilled and worked very well during our stay. We did ask for additional towels and got them delivered within 5 minutes, nice towels of a bath-sheet size. We also were told that our rate included complimentary pressing for 8 items, a one-hour Balinese traditional massage, two and two glass-bottom boat rides.The pool is on the small side, but very nicely laid-out with a swim-up bar and plenty of shaded, padded loungers. The food was better than average all-inclusive fare. Breakfasts were varied and excellent, with an nice omelet station and the best croissants we have had since Paris. Lunches and dinners were fine, often themed with Balinese or Chinese food. Salads were fresh and available.Entertainment was so-so. One band called the Electric Duo was good and entertaining, the other was 4 Balinese men trying to to do country-western. It didn't really work well. One night they did a traditional Baliese dance, set on the terrace outside the main temple or shrine at the hotel. All the tables and chairs were moved onto the grass below the terrace. It was very well done--in fact better than a similar show we saw on tour the day before.The staff were extremely accommodating and professional, though most of them speak very limited English, if any. We didn't find it to be a problem.In all, we were very glad we chose the Bali Tropic. We wanted something informal and low-key, no pressure to be dressed a certain way. It worked well for us. We were the only Americans...met a couple from Montreal and a couple from the UK. There were many Germans. I have many photos. I will add some later or can send them to anyone with a special interest.

The best hotel in HK Desserts and drinks in the hotel bar

The best Room 1403, Queen Deluxe

This hotel is a dream! Bale huts

Contemporary Modern Hotel Stayed there for 3 nights near the end of September 2007. Very modern contemporary rooms with a flat screen t.v. and open view of the bathroom from the bed via sliding doors. The room size was average, but the decor was nice. Great customer service. Doors were always opened for us as we entered or exited the hotel. The front desk were very warm and always inquired as to how our stay was going. The hotel is a little bit of a walk to downtown where all the shops were, but the weather was perfect for us to walk in. It was great that there was a Whole Foods Market downstairs, so we had a few meals there as it saved us a little bit of money and there was so much variety to choose from. Really enjoyed our stay at the Pan Pacific and would absolutely recommend it and would stay there again.

Loved It!!!! We recently got married and had flown to Maui to honeymoon and planned on staying at the PK for the night before we flew back to the main land. When we got to Maui, we hated the location of the cottage we rented and said Screw it so we flew back to Oahu and extended our stay at the PK from 1 night to 5 nights. In hindsight, that was the second best decision we made right after our first decision to get married in Oahu. We totally loved our time at PK. We really, really loved the band that played at night. We would sit on our lanai and just listen to the great music the band played which ranged from Hawaiian to contemporary songs. We so enjoyed the music that we spent out last night at the hotel downstairs by the bar to actually see the band play (we would have sat in the lounge chairs by the pool like we did the night before, but it sprinkled that night). Along with the music, we had a great view from our room of the pool and the street. Although we were not on the beach, I thought that our location was perfect because we could just walk across the street to the beach and there were so many places to shop and eat around us that we didn't miss the beach that much. The hotel is also next to the International Marketplace and we practically went there everyday to shop and eat. We totally loved the little sushi place in the food court at the Marketplace. It was cheap and the quality of the fish was awesome. Although we didn't eat at PK, we totally enjoyed our stay and the friendliness of the staff and the excellent location. Overall, we could not have asked for a better place to stay. On our next trip, we would definitely stay at PK!!! Plus it's a Starwood hotel so we got lots of points that we will definitely use when we stay the PK again.

Bavaro Princess - Beautiful Resort!!! My husband and I stayed at the Bavaro Princess from 26 April to 3 May. The Resort was breathtakingly beautiful and we had a wonderful vacation. We booked through Sunwing who book you into what they call 'junior suites.' We were leary of these rooms after reading other reviews and tried to upgrade prior to departure. Our travel agent advised us to wait and see what the rooms were like before doing an upgrade. We took the advice but ended up upgrading once we saw them. The junior suites are located as far from the beach as you can get and the room they gave us did not have a terrace or a balcony. We upgraded immediately and got a beautiful suite close to the beach. Yes, they are a little on the older side and there is a musty smell but they are very spacious, quite pretty, and are kept very clean by the extremely hard working staff. We had a nice balcony where we sat to have our morning coffee and relaxed in the late afternoons and in the evenings after dinner. The grounds, restaurants, and beach are all beautiful. The staff are friendly and helpful. We did find the language a bit of a barrier...but we managed! We saw no bugs... not even mosquitos! I didn't need to use bug spray at all! It was extremely hot and humid while we were there. We had a lot of sunshine and a couple of overcast days which were rather welcome after getting sunburned! We used SPF 30 and had to switch to 45 when 30 didn't even seem to cut it! It poured rain a couple of times but the rain didn't last and it came either in the evening or early in the morning. I recommend carrying an umbrella when you head out to dinner as the rain can roll in rather quickly! The food was pretty good. It was always easy to find something to eat with the large selection of restaurants and food choices available. We walked the beach and thought that our resort had the nicest one we saw. We took the 'Caribbean Festival' excursion which was awesome! It is a half day excursion where you get to snorkel at a coral reef and swim with sharks and stingrays. There is entertainment, snacks, and drinks provided on the boat. It was an amazing time and I highly recommend the experience. It also allows you to get a glimpse of the real Dominican Republic. It was an eye-opener to see the poverty, slums, and garbage that was just outside the gates. There are alot of beach venders trying to sell their wares 'cheapy! cheapy!' We bought a couple of things but if you just shake your head 'no' they pretty much leave you alone. We left a tip for our maid every day and tipped at restaurants and bars. These people work very hard and deserve to be rewarded for their efforts. I also left gifts for the maid each day but next time I will just leave money. We never reserved chairs on the beach and didn't have any problem finding available ones when we looked. The house band provided good entertainment up at the lobby in the evenings and the drinks were always tasty (I liked the coco locos, pina coladas, and merengues!). You do have to request alcohol in some varieties of drinks as they'll give you 'virgin' ones if you don't. We both got the infamous runs but we took our meds and carried on! The resort is huge but there is a trolley available if you don't feel like walking. My husband and I walked everywhere. It only took a few minutes to walk from the beach to the lobby and the grounds are so beautiful to walk through both during the day and at night. I highly recommend this resort. You just have to keep in mind that it is a foreign, tropical country where the lifestyle and climate is very different from ours. We thoroughly enjoyed our Dominican vacation. Just embrace the whole experience and you're in for a great time!!

Best hotel Ive ever stayed in! THE VIEW FROM OUR ROOM

Not to good we booked this short break to amsterdam for 2 couples, having being to amsterdam before we decided that if we wanted a good hotel we would need to book at least a 4* we paid per couple for 3 nights.when we arrived the reception was lovely, but when checking in we were told we have 2 pay 15% city tax as well as 100 euro per couple as a deposit for the mini bar...with hesitation we paid it but were unhappy about this...when giving our room number we were told to follow a man made hallway which was a health hazard,being on the 3rd floor we had to use the lift with our luggage the life was the most scariest thing ive ever cin in a hotel...the rooms wer weird with ur bathroom in ur bed room and just a frosted door which flodded everytime u used it to cover ur modesty...there was a lot of refurbishment going on.........beware.......the only goog thing i can sayabout this hotel is that the best id so0o0o comfy....i would not reccomend this hotel !!!!

A real 'pretty woman' hotel! Gorgeous! Queen Mary 2 coming into harbour

Wow... When I was booking my 10 day 30th birthday treat in New York, I wanted something special and not too expensive. This hotel caught my eye and I was immediately seduced by the traveller photos on tripadvisor. However, although it was very cheap for what it seemed to be offering, it was a little more expensive than other hotels in the exact same area, and the money would only be justified if it really was as special as it looked (tripadvisor reviews vouched for the great amount of space, but as I was travelleing alone, charm and fantasy were much more important to me). I decided that it was too much of an expensive gamble and I went for the safe and cheaper bet of a well known chain hotel in the same area, which had raving reviews. Upon arriving in New York, even though I was satisfied with my hotel, I was curious to see 'The Kimberly' for myself (also since I'd fallen in love with New York, I wanted to check it out for future trips!) The staff were without exception immediately very welcoming, and I was shown around several different types of rooms! The lady that showed me around was obviously very proud of the hotel she worked in (that's always a good sign!). I just had to post this review on tripadvisor for all those who think this hotel is 'too good to be true' when they see the pics on the hotel website, and like me, opt for safer options and never discover the beauty of this rare place. The rooms are even more beautiful, spacious, and luxurious than they look on the website. From the gorgeous fluffy bedding to the luxrious carpet that your feet sink into as you enter the room. And so calm and sunny. I thought that being an appartment hotel it would be full of noisy kids, but actually it has more of a 'couples' feel to it than 'family' feel. It would certainly spoil the feel of the place if there were noisy kids running around, but it doesn't seem to have been designed with kids in mind. A word of advice - they have a mixture of dated and more renovated rooms. Personally, I prefer the dated ones (they're very well kept, and I prefer the charm and character of these), but I know some people would hate this decor, so don't forget to request a more modern renovated room if that's the case (I had a look at one of these too, and they are the same as the pics on the hotel website). As I say, I didn't stay here. But I fell in love with this hotel as soon as I saw it, and I thought that maybe there is someone out there reading these reviews, looking for something really unique and special for their trip to New York, and thinking like me, that it all looks too good to be true... I went for the safer option, and I was very lucky with my choice of hotel too, so I don't regret it, but I just thought this place deserved a special mention, since it really is a very special place in a wonderful location. And hopefully, someday soon, I'll be back here, and will be able to write another review...

Totally exceeded my expectations! View from room looking down 3rd avenue at night

Great location, nice rooms, helpful staff. Stayed at this hotel in Nov 2005 for two 5-day stretches. Paid $150 UAD per night for two people. This hotel has an excellent location--right near Darling Harbour and next to Sydney's Chinatown. Walking distance to main shopping area of downtown Sydney, and to Sydney Harbour (15 minute walk). 10 minute walk to Central Train Station. Rooms are spacious, newly-updated, and clean. Make sure you ask for a room above the 3rd floor (skytrain runs alongside the hotel). Concierge and desk staff were very helpful and pleasant. There is guest laundry and very small hottub and small gym on site. Location couldn't be better, and we felt safe walking in the area and staying at this hotel. Reservations made easily over the Holiday Inn internet site. We would definitely stay here again. A bit pricey but hotels are pricey in Sydney and often hard to get a room.

Good hotel in an attractive location First impression is enhanced by the stunning location by Santa Maria Novella. Also conveniently located to walk to all the main places of interest in Florence.I had an enormous, well furnished room with a stunning marble bathroom, all in immaculate condition. Very good public rooms which seemed to be little used. Staff were helpful and breakfast was good. In the evening scented candles were lit in the reception area - a nice touch, typical of the attention to detail shown by the hotel. A minor criticism - the bedroom was a bit dark and could have felt cosier.

Valley Wing package very disappointing. OUr agent recommended the Shangri La for the two nights we would be in SIngapore following our cruise. We paid for the Valley Wing which was the more exclusive accommodation and were told the price covered breakfast, afternoon tea, canapes and drinks in the evening. We had stayed at the Shangri La Hotel in Hong Kong and been very impressed with the wonderful hot nibbles that were offered on the buffet. We are not big drinkers but we did enjoy having the evening canapes that were freely on offer. However we soon discovered that the SL in Singapore was quite a different proposition. The breakfast was fine, no complaints there and we were never in the hotel during the afternoon tea hour. However when we arrived home from shopping and touring and went down to enjoy the canapes, we were suprised to be given merely one plate each with three very small and mostly cold offerings. No buffet as we had been expecting and a very stingy offering. Certainly it was nice to have the two glasses of wine we enjoyed but as far as the canapes went, that was it for the evening. After that we were told there were cookies available. Not very enjoyable with a glass of wine... Apart from that, our room was certainly large with a nice aspect but the bed was very very firm. Both my husband and I ended up having to take medication for our sore backs. We ordered room service one evening but the food was very ordinary and not worth the money. We ate a hundred times better at one of the food malls on Orchard Road. So, despite paying the extra for a Valley Wing room it was very disappointing and not worth the money. WOuldn't stay at the SL in Singapore again.

Great Location. Suprising gem. Hotel Maxim is in a very easy to find location down the street from the Duomo. Very convenient. It had a computer that was free for use for its guests. The hotel staff was not overly welcoming but was available for answering questions at any time. The room we stayed in was on the same level as the front desk and the computer. It was a rather large room with very high ceilings. We were able to open our windows which faced a corridor. For light sleepers it might be slightly noisy but we had no problem in general. It was a good value.

Everything you can imagine, not for relaxation This hotel was the busiest hotel I have ever stayed at. There was a long line just to check in ...thank goodness for the Hilton Honors line. It's like a little town in and of itself. It's very hectic yet fun...we came from four nights in Kauai and were a little shocked at the congestion and the crowds. But we are city people and loved being back in the swing of things. You literally don't have to leave this village at all...there is shopping, eating and pools pools and more pools. We stayed in the Rainbow Tower. Great views...2 balconies in our room. The room as just ok --- no frills, basic room with a small bathroom. Carpet was a little dirty but the bed was the standard Hilton bed. Food was outrageously expensive ($14 burger) at the grill by the pool, and the bfast buffet was nothing to write home about. The noodle shop in the village was tasty and cheap. We ventured to many sushi stops outside of the village. It was a nice stay. I would stay again because I like the hustle and bustle of the hotel. If you don't like crowds, noise and people, then stay away.

Fab weekend This hotel was recommended to me by my agent and although a little more than I wanted to spend I'm so glad I did. From the moment I walked through the door this hotel made me feel good. The room was newly decorated, large and luxurious. The guy that showed me to the room was welcoming and proud of his hotel. Lovely bathroom, big comfortable bed with the softest sheets and a great TV. They even brought me a DVD player within 5 mins of requesting it. Best hotel i've stayed in New York. Great location too.

Lovely Little Hotel, Centre of Everything! My mum I visted Paris from 23rd - 27th April. Our stay in this hotel was perfect. I had read all the reviews and they were all really good. I had my reservations about the fridge and small cooker etc, however it was fine. We didnt make use of the facilities apart from the fridge. There is no kettle so any water you need boiled is best done in the microwave. We tried the hob to boil some water but took forever. The location is perfect. It is around 400m from the Pantheon. Notre Dame is about 600m directly down the hill. There is a big street about 500 m away - some nice shops. The hotel is at the end of a very short cul-de-sac. The staff are just the most helpful you can imagine. All speak English perfectly! We had a room on the ground floor that was just beside the reception. I was concerned that we would be woken by people coming and going through the night - but didnt hear a peep! So if you get this room, it's not as bad as you might think.Places to eat nearby - we were recommended Le Coup Coup (or something similar). From the crowd in the place we expected it to be wonderful... However it was less than so. The Rack of Lamb, was definately not a lamb - more Mutton. And it smelled like mutton. The duck was ok, as was the soup. Generally we didnt get any good evening meals. Of 3 places recommended to us 2 were pretty average and the third was ok. So make your own mind up on hotels recommendations.Nice lunch can be got at a place on the boulevard down from the Pantheon - cant remember the name but it was packed solid even at 2.30! its on the left if Pantheon is at your back - think its about the third or fourth place. Otherwise we found the Lourve and Musee D'Orsey restuarants very decent!In all I would definately recommend this hotel to people. Only draw back is there is no bar or resturaunt in the place but theres loads within a stones throw!

Loved the Ocean Blue Resort Loved the Ocean Blue. Went for a four day trip and it was great. The flight was smooth and on time. The airport in Punta Cana is an open air airport, pretty cool and easy to manuver through.We upgraded to the Elite Club when we booked and felt for the four days it was worth it. We had Room 6103 in the Elite Club villa. It was a beautiful room with a king size canopy bed, chaise lounge and the bathroom was HUGE with double sinks, separate jacuzzi tub and tons of marble. We always had plenty of towels and they were changed daily. The Elite suite offers a fruit basket upon checkin, along with 3 cigars, premimum liquor, stocked fridge, robes, slippers, beach towels. The Elite check in was quick and smooth and I had a glass of champagne while waiting to check in. (in fact I had a lot of champagne during the whole trip)...The pool is actually two large pools separated by a hot tub, both with their own swim up bar. The people were cleaning the pools all the time.The beach is spectacular. White soft sand and blue water...completely awesome. Plenty of chairs.Food was really good, steak house and italian were really good. There is an extra cost for the steak house. Buffet was fresh and plenty to chose from. The grounds were clean and very pretty.There is a casino on site, didn't spend much time there. The sport's bar was good and they have Corona and waitress service outside. Mike's coffee was AWESOME..great cappacino and cheesecake.The employees were awesome and very friendly. Had a massage at the Spa...loved it (actually caught myself drooling)...I highly recommend it and go with an open mind. If you look for flaws, I am sure that you find them...but I thought this hotel was good for the price.Any questions, email me.

great overall stay, wonderful location (for the price) We stayed at the hotel twice, once at the beginning of our trip and then at the end. We liked almost everything about it, from the renovated room with a very big and well equipped kitchenette to the red apples always available in the lobby. The complimentary breakfast is more european (juice, muffin/scone, fruit), but there was also great coffee in our room during our stay.Both of our rooms were recently renovated, the flat screen TV was large and we liked the modern asian-inspired decor. The bathrooms were smallish, but on the other hand we liked the quality of the cosmetic products.Most of all, we enjoyed the location. For paying 90$ per night for a studio room (not too big, but enough for us), we were in central Waikiki, two blocks from the beach! We were especially thankful for the free internet (via cable in the room, wireless in the lobby). The staff was nice and helpful. The garden with the pool looked good if rather small, but since we were close to the beach we never really used it. Maybe the only complaint we could note was the street noise at night (our balcony faced the street in the direction of the beach).In conclusion, next time we are in Oahu on a budget, we will probably want to stay in an Aqua hotel.

Short walk to Red Light but not in Red Light District Excellent location and Wireless Internet Access is included in the price of the room! Short walk to the Red Light District and the main town center, but on a quiet and upscale street. The only criticism that I have is that they allow smoking in the lobby is no way for a non-smoker to by pass the smoke in order to get to your room! They will hold your bags after you check out for free which is a nice service.

Cleanest bathroom I've ever seen! The bathroom was impressively and perfectly WHITE and CLEAN! Loved the hotel, great stay- great location near the subway station and near the main shopping area. Walking distance to the city center. There is no wireless internet in the room, but they do provide FREE wired LAN service. Bring your LAN cable for your laptop! The only criticism that I have is the prices. I purposely booked my room on the internet with no breakfast as breakfast is 22 Euros per person per day! Yikes! And they charged me for breakfast (I even enter the restaurant) anyway. The front desk person when I checked out was nice enough to ask and take it off for me. Beware of EXTRA charges on your bill. I was charged 20 Euros for calls I make!.

Will never return to the Clift Overall I really disliked this hotel. I met an old college room mate Nov 5-8/07 and she booked the room. She had stayed in the hotel years ago with her Mom and loved the old fashioned atmosphere and the bar. The hotel is now a plastic,poorly lit and unfriendly place - or I am just too old to appreciate how cool it is. The lighting in the room was terrible, the furniture was ugly and actually non functional - we could not unpack our clothes as there was no where to put anything buta dimly lit closet (painted deep purple). The bathroom was tiny (not so unusual in old hotels) but why was there no where to put anything or even hang a towel? The walls were mainly large mirrors - with huge curtains - it was scary. In the hall by our elevator stood two GLASS chairs. The elevators were basically plastic cubes with no lights in them.These same plastic cubes in orange were our night tables. The lobby is dark and cold and the decor is boutique style ridiculous. Thestaff were hot and cold - mostly cold ( nice concierge though).The safe in the closet is too high to reach for anyone under 6'3. Overall if you are over 30 do not stay here - you will be uncomfortable and feel ripped off.The towels and robes are very nice though. I wish I had better things to say - I love San Francisco - next time I am hoping to find a comfortable place to stay with a nice happy feelto it .

Best location in Manhattan We stayed at the Michelangelo Hotel 10/27/06 - 11/1/06 and loved every minute of our stay. The location was the best in Manhattan - close to theater, shopping many tourist sights, but off 7th Ave so the rooms are quiet. We were on the 3rd floor seldom heard any traffic noise.The room was well-sized and comfortable while the hotel lobby lounge were beautiful and luxurious.For the most part during our stay, the weather was warmer than we expected and we appreciated having full control of the air conditioner in the room. It was automatic, similar to central air conditioning units in our home in Texas, so it cycled on and off to maintain the desired temperature.And the tub! I'm normally a shower person, but couldn't resist taking some long soaks in the HUGE tub. What a way to relax from a long day of sightseeing!I loved this hotel will stay here again when I next visit NYC.

Nice Stay at the Radisson I stayed at the Radisson Boston from Oct 21-Oct 24 while attending a conference at the convention center. Check-in was very smooth efficient I was given a room on the 11th floor. The Radisson is billed as a non-smoking hotel, which was my primary reason for booking there, but on entering my room I was greeted with the odor of stale cigarette smoke. Why do smokers do this? I phoned the reception desk and they offered me a new room. After a trip down the elevator with my suitcase, I was reassigned to room 2121, which was virtually identical minus the cigarette smell and with a fantastic view of downtown. The room was comfortable and nicely furnished. The bathroom had a nice showerhead and decent water pressure. Best of all was the sleep number bed, which was very comfy. Though my room was located near the elevators, it was very quiet--one of the most quiet rooms I've experienced in any city I've visited. I really didn't spend much time in the room except for sleeping and didn't use the fitness center, restaurants, pool, etc. Other than the cigarette smoke, my only complaint is that the hotel is a little far from the convention center, requiring use of shuttle buses or taxis. Traffic is snarly so it took awhile either way to get to meetings. Fortunately there is shopping, restaurants and sightseeing within walking distance.

Beautiful Resort Our stay at the Iberostar Bavaro was from Aug 30 to Sept 6, traveling with our grown son daughter and their spouses. stayed at a number of other Iberostar properties, but this was our first time at the Bavaro. A week or so before our trip, I emailed the resort to request rooms in the same block. Though I receive a response, everything was in order when we arrived. The front desk staff was very pleasant and we were greeted with a slushy drink. We immediately booked reservations at three a la carte restaurants. The lobby area is nicely decorated, though the bar is pretty plain. Our flight down was only about 25% occupied and the resort seem very crowded.Rooms Housekeeping: Rooms were nicely decorated, but musty smelling. We were in room 2546, which was a great location and just a short walk to the pool, beach, and lobby. My son daughter-in-law were disappointed to find two double beds, but called the front desk and housekeeping came later and pushed the beds together to make a super large king bed. As repeat IB customers, we found a bottle of rum and plates of pastries and fruit on arrival. Our rooms have flat screen televisions, but TV is pretty limited and not what we were there for! The rooms were kept spotlessly clean and decorated daily with flowers. The maid was very pleasant and always greeted us enthusiastically when we saw her. We tipped $3-5 dollars every day. Rooms were cleaned early in the day. The only slip-up was on the last day we get any bath towels. I called the front desk, but towels never arrived. The towel art bird on the coffee table saved the day and my husband used his beach towel. I was able to get towels from the maid first thing in the morning so we could shower before heading to the airport. Our only complaint about the room was the moldy smell and the weak air-conditioning. . The temp stayed around 80F the whole time and was really humid, which explains the moldy smell. Definitely bring air freshener for your room and dryer sheets to stash in the closet and suitcases. The odor in our clothes washed out, so not that big a deal.Grounds Public Areas: The grounds are gorgeous! The Bavaro is a tropical paradise with natural ponds, lush landscaping, and a variety of ducks, egrets, and flamingos. Someone is always working on pruning, painting, repairing, cleaning, etc. The public restrooms are immaculate. Just about every time I used the restroom at the beach, someone was cleaning it.Beach: The beach is one of the most beautiful anywhere in the Caribbean--wide with a gradual slope. Someone was constantly grooming the beach, sweeping up cigarette buts and trash. We had no problems getting our favorite palapas everyday. I was usually on the beach before 9, but there were still palapas available later in the day. We hung out near the beach bar, so it a far walk to get a drink. There is no wait service at the beach or pool at the Bavaro. Restrooms are located nearby. miss the French fries at the beach bar. even better than The pool was nice enough but not huge or opulent like at other resorts and the water was surprisingly cool and refreshing. The pool bar was nice, but would be nicer if it was adults only. I like sharing the bar with infants and toddlers in floaties.Food: I would rate the food at the Bavaro at the top of the all-inclusives visited. Chefs took pride in their elaborate food and veggie carvings that decorated the buffets. Service was a little iffy. Most waiters were extremely friendly and talkative, some seemed aloof, but maybe a result of the language barrier. None in our party got sick from the food except from over-indulging. We ate at four of the restaurants: Le Couple (Gourmet) was fantastic. The fillet was one of the best had ever and the lobster excellent. The Cajun was good, but the wait staff had a bit of an attitude. My blackened grouper was delicious. The jambalaya was not what been used to, but my husband liked it. The Star Rock was a major disappointment. Food was menu for an We expected I enjoy the cigarette smoke. The Mediterranean was good with mainly seafood on the menu. We enjoyed the appetizer buffet more than the entrees. The main buffet was very good, with lots to choose from. Breakfast was excellent with just about any standard breakfast item you could think of plus the European favorites like meats and cheeses as well. Pastries breads were to die for. The fresh fruit was excellent, especially the mango. Foods were labeled and kept at the appropriate temperature. Dinner also had lots of choices. Even the pickiest eater could find something to eat. The fish was delicious and there was always a carving station with pork, beef, etc. On Friday they had lobster, which was a little disappointing. We enjoyed the beach buffet for lunch. Twice during the week they had beach parties, one day with barbecue steak and chicken, another with paella. Other days they alternated Chinese, Dominican, Mexican. There were always hamburgers, hot dogs, chicken and pasta dishes. Again, even picky eaters could find something and the variety was nice, so you feel like you had to eat the same thing every day.Activities: There was plenty to do, but we participate much. Star Friends were friendly but not pushy in getting people to take part. My daughter, daughter-in-law and I had massages one rainy day. My massage was the best had at a resort and the prices ($50/hr) were reasonable. Weather: We had two days of rain thanks to TS Hanna, but we still went to the beach and had a great time. The resort provided nice golf umbrellas for us to use on the rainy days. The rest of our week was beautiful with temps in the and not as humid as Mexico during the same time of year.Once again, Iberostar has proven to be a good value with consistent ambiance, service and food. I hesitate to stay here again.

Please Fix the Food! My husband I stayed at the Majestic from Feb. 23 to Feb 29 and chose the resort based on Trip Advisor reviews. Our goal was a relaxing vacation at a nice beach, and that wish was fulfilled. There were many things we liked, but some things need attention to make this resort deserving of its ranking.Things that were great: Check in was smooth. Richard greeted us, showed us to our room and helped with our restaurant reservations. Such a nice man! He was very helpful before our stay and really showed personal We had booked a swim up room (2129) and we were not disappointed. It was worth the extra money and we loved the location, about halfway between the lobby beach. The room smelled just a little musty, but I brought a room freshener, which took care of the problem. The bed was very comfortable and bedding looked fairly new. The room was very quiet and we slept well. Air conditioning was adequate, and easy to control. The room was clean with only two mosquitoes sighted and no bites during our stay. The robes and treats (champagne, fruit platter, sushi, and grapes wine) delivered on four nights were a nice touch. The beach and pool were beautiful and it was wonderful to be able to get chairs and palapas without playing the towel game. The beach is great for walking and is so beautiful with all the palm trees. The pool was always clean and has many quiet nooks to hang out. The swim up bar was a lot of fun at happy Drinks were good. The signature Majestic drink is delicious. They make a great cosmo at the downstairs The staff were very friendly for the most part and were always smiling and happy. It helps to smile and try to speak a little Spanish. The animation team was friendly, but not overbearing. They tried to get guests involved, but took no for an answer if you interested. Evening entertainment on the plaza, the sax player and combo, were very good. It was nice to be able to go to restaurants without making reservations. The resort is a nice size. You can walk from the beach to lobby in about 5 minutes. Needs improvement: chef Gordon Ramsey when you need him? have a field day here. The food in itself will probably keep us from returning. The buffets are reminiscent of college cafeteria food. Soups and hot foods were cold, cold foods were warm. Beef was tough. Things displayed to even attempt to make them look appetizing. There enough tongs for all the dishes. (This sounds picky, but when you think of how many people touch the tongs, it really spreads illness.) We did have a few good restaurant meals, but service was often rushed. You finish one course before the next arrived. Some of the restaurant meals were awful. (I can give you more details if you like.) Breakfast at the main buffet is probably the best meal of the day. Lunch is not good anywhere. At lunch there are too many logjams at the buffets. People pile up waiting for pasta, grilled items, and panini sandwiches. They need to come up with a way to serve simple, tasty, appetizing food quickly for lunch. And what is that tacky hut doing in the middle of the palapa restaurant? Maintenance is an issue. I can see this place going down hill fast from lack of maintenance. Things stayed broken all week. The ice machine near our room work. One of the shower heads at the beach shower broke off was never fixed. A halogen light kept blinking off on at the plaza stage where the sax player band play. Walkways around the pool have potholes. a path at the bottom of one of the bridges at the pool that is pieces of stones just sitting in some shale. People kept tripping on the stones all week. This really needs fixed before someone gets hurt. On the other hand, we saw a maintenance worker polishing the floor in the lobby at 9 PM while people were trying to walk through or sit and relax. This seemed like bad timing to Sickly landscaping. Trees and shrubs look healthy. Grass is lumpy. No birds or animals. Not enough public restrooms by the pool beach. Please put up some paper towel holders and more soap dispensers! There is just one soap dispenser per restroom and very inconveniently placed! Paper towels got wet setting on the sink counter. I saw so many people go to the bathroom, rinse their hands without using soap then proceed to the palapa restaurant where they touch those tongs that are in such short supply. No wonder people get On our third day, I was sick and confined to my room with diarrhea, vomiting and severe headache. I was unable to eat or drink much the following day, but was ok for a few days, then the sickness returned just in time to get on the plane. My husband never got sick, but we ate different Tiny plastic drink cups. Make sure you bring your own cup. Iberostar used larger plastic cups that they rewashed. It bothered me to think about how much plastic was going into the garbage between the bottled water and the drink cups. The animation team could use some new tapes. You could set your watch by the end of the week. Same music everyday for stretching, aerobics, etc.If booked the Majestic, despair! There is a lot to like. We had a nice time, but there is definitely room for improvement. This place has the potential to be a first class place, but I can see signs that management may be letting things going downhill. Maybe a cash crunch due to the building of the new resort next door? I would give the food a 2 and the rest of the resort a 4. I would probably not come back unless the price were right. We paid a premium price for this place, but have had better food at resorts that were less expensive.

Beautiful hotel in a good neighborhood Hotel Air Berlin is an inexpensive hotel near the Tiergarten in the center of Berlin. Location is wonderful; it's very close to several u-bahn stops, as well as some spectacular buildings, sites, and during the holidays, Christmas Markets.I had a single room, and it was the tiniest room I have ever stayed in. I had previously stayed in a hostel in Berlin and my room was much bigger. If you're only there to sleep, it shouldn't be a problem. The bed was very comfortable and the room was clean. However, there wasn't a trash can in the room; just a tiny one in the bathroom.The decor of the rooms was plain, but the hotel building itself is beautiful. The hallways are exquisite and there is so much detail. The front desk staff was nice. Breakfast is not included in your stay and is, I think, 13 euros.On their web site and on expedia it said wireless was included, but that is false advertisement because while they do offer wireless access, it's through tmobile and you have to pay extra. The only plans offered for access are 8 euros for an hour, or 29 euros for 30 days. I am a student and while traveling in Europe, needed to have access to the internet for more than an hour at a time in order to attend my classes via webcam, so even though I was only at the hotel for one night, I had to spend 29 euros for the 30 day tmobile pass to sit through a 3 hour lecture and then do a lab and a quiz. If the hotel doesn't actually offer this service and the service comes at a much higher cost, they should put that on their site because I honestly wouldn't have stayed here had I known, since I knew I would've been spending 5 or 6 hours using wireless.

Not as bad as you'd think After reading a lot of the one star reviews on here, I was a little nervous...but my expectations were definitely exceeded. Yes, it's grim and dark and old, but that's part of the experience. You don't go to Amsterdam to stay at a Marriott. If you don't want any surprises, then yeah, go for your chain hotel and be pleasantly bored. The Damrak is definitely anything but boring...I would say the best thing about the hotel is the Argentinian restaurant downstairs, where guests receive 10% off of their meals. Also, the wireless was faultless. I'm a student and rely on the internet to stay up to date with my classes via Blackboard, so internet is always a big deal for me. I never had a problem. Finally, the location...you really can't beat it. You're smack in the center of the city, less than a five minute walk from the Central Station, and you can just step outside and have your choice of dozens of cuisines and things to do. Definitely a touristy area, but convenient.Now onto the grim - there are no smoking signs in the rooms, and I requested a no smoking room...but what they don't tell you is that smoking IS allowed in the hallways. So everyone on my floor stepped out at all hours of the night to smoke, and that stench seeps into your own room. I woke up sick one morning. Really not healthy. Also, my sheets looked clean and new, but the comforter had an odd smell to it. I did without. The rooms are old and the carpets and decor are definitely from the 70s, but that kind of adds to its charm. Parts of the carpet are warn down and gritty, but I wasn't going to let that ruin my trip. I wore flip flops. The bathroom was definitely clean and the water pressure was really good.My other complaint was not really the hotel's fault, but the guests are SUPER noisy. The walls are thin (old building), and it felt like the adult guests here were more ridiculous than any of the guests I encountered at various youth hostels. They were coming in at all hours of the night, pounding on everyones doors for fun, screaming in the halls, etc. For about three hours on Sunday night I had to listen to a sports game blasting and the groans and cheers of the men watching. There's only so many times a staff member can tell people to quiet down, so it's not their fault.Another thing I thought was weird was that you had to leave your key whenever you left the building. You left it with the front desk clerk and picked it up when you came back. To me, it wasn't really an inconvenience, except for when one clerk was more interested in the internet than helping guests. But another clerk knew who I was and what room I had, so when she saw me coming she had my key ready and waiting, which was very nice. But then when I was thinking about it, I realized that it means the hotel staff knows exactly who is in their rooms and who isn't at all times, which didn't really feel secure to me...When it boils down to it, if you want convenience and a low cost and aren't afraid of a little grit, the Damrak will exceed your needs. But if you're the type to complain about every little dent in the desk or chipped paint on the wall, go to a chain so you feel like you're back in the US.

taste of elegance this was a post nite after our azamara southeast asia cruise; the only glitch was checking in and finding out that amex had denied the fine resorts pkg since i had booked it so far in advance; with the patience of the front desk, it was finally resolved ( i'm sure i could have gotten a cheaper rate if i didnt book it w amex). The room, the amenities and the staff were first rate. I used the services of the concierge , they were outstanding in obtaining restaurant reservations and confirmation of my return flt home. we used their car service to the airport and were greeted by staff members of the hotel at the airport to assist in unloading our luggage and guiding us to the check in counter, they did not leave until our boading passes were issued. Now........where in the world does one receive such personalized srvice?? I forgot to also mention that dining in the hotel and even shopping at one of their fine stores elicted the same consistent courteous service. although priced at the high end, i would conclude to say it was worth every penny..

All 14 of us would return without hesitation! Great vacation! singing in the rain

Great hotel in Amsterdam We stayed at the Hotel Van De Kastellen for 3 nights in August, 2006. We loved the hotel! It is a small, family run hotel that has the feel of a bed and breakfast. It is very clean, the owners are friendly and helpful, and the location is great--our cab driver said it was the best area of Amsterdam. It is near the concert hall and several museums, and the more touristy areas are accessible by tram just 2 blocks from the hotel. Breakfast is served in a bright area overlooking a small garden, and the owners prepare hot food to order, as well as an array of cereals, fruit rolls and muffins. It was a great experience, and I highly recommend the hotel.

Excellent location Stayed in this hotel for 4 nights during April. The hotel is in an excellent position being in a quiet location but within easy walking of all tourist sights. The staff were courteous and helpful . The breakfast, served in a delightful room adjacent to the flower filled terrace, was good by Italian standards with plenty of choice. My double room for a single person was very clean and had a large modern bathroom. The only drawback was that being an old palazzo converted into a hotel there was considerable noise from the plumbing. Also, I prefer to sleep with my window open but found a slight smell coming up the stairwell so was obliged to sleep with the window closed. The hotel has air conditioning which would be necessary in the summer. One of the rooms overlooking the terrace would have been more desirable but I imagine would have been more expensive. There are some excellent restaurants in the vicinity. Ristorante da Mimmo, almost opposite the hotel, was first class. Though a little more expensive, I would also recommend Taverna del Bronzino which was within 5 min. walking distance.If you are after a reasonably priced, well-situated hotel in Florence, then I would recommend this one. I shall certainly be returning.

Noise, Noise, Noise Many other recent reviews have discussed the construction that is going on at this hotel. As of May 2008, it starts a 7 AM and goes until 6 PM. It is very loud and annoying - jackhammers, yelling and banging. If you plan to spend ANY time in your room between those hours (like trying to do some work or recover from jetlag), I strongly suggest you find an alternative hotel. It is centrally located, but my driver couldn't even find it because the facade was covered. Renovation in the lobby is complete, but it doesn't make sense. Right now you have to carry your bags up and down several stairs to get to the room elevators. This seems like a serious design flaw. (Maybe they are building other, more convenient elevators that just aren't finished). The rooms are very small and cramped, but thats to be expected in Amsterdam. It meets American standards for a 3-star, but just barely. There isn't a robe in the room and the bathrooms are very basic. I didn't even try breakfast (which was included in my room rate). The restaurant looks like a cafeteria in an old folks home. Maybe once the renovation is complete that will be different.

You won't go wrong with Royal Park My husband and I stayed at the RPH during a 3-day trip to Tokyo. It's located in a more business district of Tokyo, but access to both metro and other train lines are walking distance. If you are looking to be in the middle of the scene, this is not the hotel for you. But if you want a nice base to explore Tokyo from, this is a solid choice.I was a little confused about the difference between the TAC (Tokyo Air Terminal) and Tokyo Central Train station. The TAC is a bus depot - it's attached to the RPH via a covered walk way. The busses to Narita are efficient (like every thing in Japan). However, if you take the train in from Narita, you will NOT arrive at the TAC, but rather at the Central Train Station. Its a 700 yen cab from the train station to the RPH.We were checked in promptly. I had requested a king/non-smoking room. The only one available was on the Executive Floor - so they kindly accommodated us. Except, they asked us not to use the executive lounge, which I thought was strange. The room was small (they had told us it would be at check-in) but for Japan hotels is was fine. Bed was comfortable. The bathroom mirror was heated so it never completely fogged up. The buffet downstairs has a huge selection of western food. Its pricey, but the food is good. Great Scott the basement bar is nice, quiet and a good spot for a drink if you arrive late. We had a little issue with the concierge initially, but when the assistant manager helped us - everything worked out.

Good Tourist Hotel This is my second time to Tokyo, last time I was here as a tourist and this time for business. Roppongi is a very touristy area, and not very convenient location if you are here for meetings or work.The hotel itself is wonderful. All of the other reviews are spot on. I'll try not to be repetitive. Except to say that the service is impeccable, the concierge is the best I have every had. Rooms are spacious and deliver that Japanese aesthetic. Just a few negatives -There aren't any floors higher than 20 or 21, so if you are looking for that Tokyo view, you won't get it here, the breakfast buffet is a little lacking for a hotel of this caliber. (but again the staff almost makes up for it. The head chef would bring me my usual by the second day), the ambient temperature in the halls and the lobby are a little warm for my American-air conditioned-tastes, (kept about 76F/24C degrees)The positives (that haven't been mentioned) - Wireless is FAST, the meeting spaces are great and conference services are top notch, the black-out shade is the best, fitness center equipment is new and clean, the Japanese restaurant in the hotel (6 FL) is authentic.

Can't go wrong at the St Reeg Room

Retro Berlin The Adlon is an interesting Kempinski property. The hotel is a total replica from the original which succumbed to bombs and fire and neglect during and after WW2. The building was completely rebuilt in 1997 after reunification as a perfect replica of the original. They even copied some of the poor room designs. Overall its a great hotel with excellent service and staff, beautiful facilities and the location is central [just steps away from The Brandenburg Gate, at the head of the Tiergarten and 1 KM from Potsdam Platz.] My gripes are little - the lights for the WC/Bathroom are in strange locations - outside the door. The room controls in in the night stand - which, unless you get the full room tour from your bellhop, you spend about 20 minutes looking for them. The wireless was fast, only a few English channels (CNN and BBC), laundry was done the same day. Fitness center was decent. Ate in the hotel restaurant - service was slow, but food was good. We had a 2-day business meeting in the hotel and the facilities were perfect. Hosted a cocktail reception in the Library which had a wonderful view of the Gate, and dinner was exceptional.

Lovely Hotel - Great Mall next door! I took my boyfriend here for his 18th birthday in March 2006, and we thoroughly enjoyed our stay!Totally modern and chic, it's a perfect base that is completely luxurious. the rooms, though small are all that you need.I'm more a bath person but the showers in the rooms are just incredible! I never wanted to get out, they were like something you see on Cribs!The beds were huge and very comfortable and spacious and the help of a nice big fridge was a bonus, it meant food could be bought and kept withough going bad.Right next door to this hotel was the Diagonal Mar, a fab shopping mall with some lovely restaurants and cafes. We ate at alot of these during our 5 days in barcelona as they were inexpensive and really lovely. It helped that we can speak quite good spanish as this area is more spanish speaking than others.Try the metro for a good way to get around, it's cheap and reliable. And try the Barcleona Zoo as a fun day out, it was inexpensive and we had a good day.The only problem with this hotel was the check-in lady, who was quite rude and snotty and repeatedly started chatting away in Spanish to someone else as I was talking to her, she obviously didn't know I could understand her. Other than her rudeness the hotel is just lovely and a great place to call home for a short visit. If it's more than a 5 day jaunt you're after I'd probably say try a different hotel as the rooms are just not big enough for a long stay. Maybe a few nights in the Barcelona Princess and a few nights in another hotel.

Disappointed. Parking a hassle, staff seems to be confused all the time. We stayed at the Equus because our son had to have surgery at Kapiolani. We stayed for 10 days so we needed someplace under $100. At $90 a night, we were surprised to see how nice the entry and decor was (although after climbing the 10 or 12 steps to get up to the lobby numerous times a day we were a little annoyed) and enjoyed how clean the room was. But the parking was HORRIBLE. If you have children do NOT stay here. You have to go down the elevator, down the flight of stairs that they have no elevator for, walk around the corner, through a parking lot, take another elevator into the parking garage, and THEN you can load all your stuff into your car. It seriously took us 20 minutes to leave or return each time. Then each night, at exactly 3:20, the air conditioner beeped about 7 or 8 times. Each time I reported it to the front desk, they said they would check on it. Everytime I asked about whether or not it had been fixed, they said they didn't know. Hmmm...If you can't keep track of what's fixed and what hasn't been fixed, what is the point of customers asking for something to be fixed? Just a waste of time. My 18 month old son woke up everytime it beeped and screamed for a few minutes. THEN...to top it off, I walked in while the cleaning people were there, just to grab something. The woman was wiping our cups out with a white washcloth! (I take it that it was one of ours, since I doubt that most cleaning companies use white hotel towels to clean rooms). After watching numerous dateline nbc-type specials on how hotels don't actually wash your cups anymore, I had told my husband not to use them. He thought I was just being paranoid. Hmmmm... After they left, I smelled both wine glasses (one we had eaten ice cream out of and the other we hadn't used.) One glass smelled faintly sweet with a slightly chemical odor, and the other smelled like nothing. The internet also didn't work (which was a huge disappointment since my husband needed to work from the hotel while we were gone for the surgery) and the parking was almost $20 a night (which made our $90 hotel room not so cheap after all). Basically, if you like climbing stairs, don't have young children or much luggage, and don't mind dirty glasses or not getting a straight answer about simple questions like when the internet is going to be working (we basically got the response of...It's not working to our question of When will the internet be working?), then it's worth staying here. After all, if you'll be at the beach all day, you may not notice these things when you come back. So for that, it is worth the price. But $17 parking when you could valet park at another hotel for $20? I would definitely pay more to stay in a hotel that has more amenities than save a few bucks and get a headache in return.

Decent hotel, good facilities and big rooms lounge/tv room

ok basic hotel in central location ok basic hotel, not the prettiest but functional and fairly cental location, though on a big main road. Feels a bit like a residence for students but clean and big rooms, just not fancy or luxurious. I got a very cheap rate on hotwaire so worth it for one night at $120.

Fab hotel, brilliant location We have recently returned from a weekend break at the NH Caransa, what can one say. Brilliant location, everything a walk or tram ride away, we walked most places. Hotel was lovely and clean and our room on the fifth floor was huge and was located on the corner part of the hotel. Breakfast was plentiful, no complaints. Room spotless and the bed was very comfy with a good choice of pillow. Staff very helpful. Only complaints, the air con was set to high which made the room very stuffy, tried opening the windows but as the Dutch and holiday makers didnt' quiet down till 5am, this made the room to noisy. But we survived the broken sleep, however older people may prefer somewhere a little quieter in the summer months

Decent for the price! Okay-this is a good place for the price and parking included. The staff was very friendly and even upgraded my room b/c it was my birthday. The room is a basic room and great if you are in and out. Don't plan on some exotic getaway, but worked great for my husband and myself who cared more about spending money on the sites, than on a room we spent only sleeping in. Good location, too!

YWCA Fort Cannning Lodge -- a great place to stay! I just returned from a 9-day stay at the YWCA Fort Canning Lodge, and I couldn't be happier. The room that I had was large, clean, and quiet. The front desk service was great. All the staff were very helpful and courteous. The breakfasts (included in the price of the room) were excellent. Best of all: the location. This place is a heartbeat away from Fort Canning Park (a must see) and from a major MRT station (Dhoby Ghaut). I'd definitely stay here again.

Another Great Time! We stayed at this property for a long weekend to attend the Pro-Bowl. As on our last stay, we had a wonderful time. The property has gone through some renovations since we were last there, and the rooms are nicer with widescreen televisions.Everyone there was exceptionally nice, and even when we had a leak coming from the room above us, it was taken care of so fast that it didnt cause us a problem at all.Special thanks to Glenn at the Front Desk! He was very helpful and nice.

NOT a good experience The location of this hotel is fantastic, and the lobby is beautiful and lively. The rooms, however, I found to be really dissapointing. The first room I checked into, 212, I think, was tiny and very dirty. The floorboards looked like they had water damage - they were moldy and peeling. The bed linens looked really old and shabby, the shower head in the shower was at my collar bone - I am 5'6 - I had to bend down to shower. It was also EXTREMELY loud. I requested a room change, which I got the next day, and this room was much quieter, but still felt dingy and unclean. This room was even smaller (this was room 316) and had only a shower, no tub. The shower was really really small. I weigh 130 and I could barely turn around in it without toughing a (plastic) wall. The door didnt close properly, either. The worst part of this room was that it smelled really really bad. It was really offensive every time I entered the room, and I felt generally grossed out. The staff was OKAY - they didnt seem to care that I wasnt happy with my stay, and I was there three nights; but they werent outright rude by any means....not really that helpful though. good luck!

Managers need lessons in Customer Service We booked our trip using Sky Auction. We got vouchers with our confirmed reservation at the Barcelo Bavaro Beach Hotel. We called the Hotel ahead of time to once more confirm our reservation and we were assured all was fine. We had 12 people in our Party. This was a gift to our children for Christmas. After 12 hours of traveling we arrived at the Barcelo Beach Hotel and encountered a very unfriendly manager who said we had no reservations at that Hotel. After showing him our proof of reservations, he insisted our reservation was at the Casino Hotel. We showed him our vouchers again that very specifically said confirmed at the Barcelo Bavaro Beach Hotel. Paid in full back in October. Meanwhile as we argued with him several other travelers came up to the desk and were upgraded to different Hotels on the Beach because they had over booked the rooms. After a futile effort to talk to his supervisor we had to go to the Casino Hotel with a promise of rooms the next day. They made us carry all our own luggage and did not offer us any assistance as I did hear him say impossible Americans! Perhaps this man need to know that Tourism in that country is his bread and butter and without us impossible Americans spending american money in his country he would not be able to feed his family. We had to check out of the Casino Hotel by 11Am the next day only to ounce again slep our own luggage back to the Barcelo Beach Hotel and find that they had no rooms for us yet but would by 3PM. Now we have lost 2 full days of vacation. You guesssed it no rooms at 3PM either. Finally at 4PM they had our rooms. They totally ruined what was suppose to be a nice relaxing family vacation and felt no need to apologize for the inconvenience to us. The food was awful the beach beautiful but very crowded and very hard to find chairs. Ants all over the bread on the buffet. Beware of what you eat.

Excellent!! Worths the price! Our room, on the 11th floor

Under the average hotel I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights and 2005 but I didn't like the hotel.It was under renovation but we were put in the oldest part of the hotel, for sure. The room was nothing special (the worst I've been), small, old and the heater has been grabbed from the wall and there was dust in. The bathroom was much better and clean. Our friends had to change their room because the 1st one had a really strange smell and was dirty.The staff was really bad, un-helpful and, at breakfast, they were always looking at us as if we were going to steal food or something. They didn't offer to help with the luggage and gave us rooms located somewhere strange with no indications and, when we asked for help to find the rooms they were unpleasant.The breakfast was really good and with a wide choice and the comedor was new and with very good conditions.The hotel is far away from the heart of Barcelona, at night that zone is quite scary, all the shops are closed and with metal doors, so it is not very pleasant to walk there at night. The nearest Metro station os Clot, 5-10 minutes walking. The metro station was dirty and had no one at night.I think now the hotel is renovated but if I return to Barcelona I would not choose Catalonia Aragon!

A perfect stay ! We stayed here for three nights at the end of May.The hotel is on the outskirts of Amsterdam in a quiet leafy street (adjacent to the Hilton).The room was large and was decorated in classic neutral colours.There was no chest of drawers but one was brought to us within ten minutes of asking ,along with extra hangers.If you like to use a powerful hairdryer then bring your own.They have a turn down service in the evening where they leave an apple on the bedside.Tea and coffee makeing facilities are provided although there is only powdered coffee creamer.The safe is large enough to take a lap top and wi fi is available in the rooms.There are also two computers in the basement for guest use.Everywhere is spotless.We had a meal in the restaurant and although expensive 88 euros (no wine three courses ) the food and service were excellent.It is the staff that make this Hotel so exceptional as at all levels they are friendly, helpful and courteous.They will recommend places to go, arrange tickets etc There was a charge on our bill for doing this but it was quickly removed.Get the hotel shuttle from the airport (buy the tickets from the connexxions desk in the arrivals lounge 19 euros return)These are 8 seater minibuses and take only 15 to 20 minutes to the hotel.Go left out of the hotel and then right over the bridge and this brings you to an area for shops, newspapers, cafes restaurants and a superbly stocked organic supermarket.Broms the hardware store sells tram ticket strips (15 for 6.80, most trips use two strips).Van Dams is great for Breakfast 3.00 for a large bowl of fresh fruit, yogourt and granola 5.50 for a bagel with salmon and cream cheese.Everything is fresh.La Joffiers across the road is more expensive and not such good quality.Palma is an authentic Italian restaurant (no pizzas) which is first class.this is a lovely area for a relaxed holiday and the centre of Amsterdam is only 10 minutes away( catch the number 2 from the stop just past Van Dams or turn left out of the hotel go to the end of the road turn right and catch the 5 or 24 at the Appollaan stop)

Lovely hotel in a lovely area My husband and I stayed here on the first two nights of our honeymoon and had a wonderful experience. Our room was small, but well appointed and clean. The breakfast in the courtyard was delightful. Walter and Sandro were very helpful in making recommendations for restaurants and even called to reserve a table for us at a popular restaurant. The neighborhood is out of the major tourist areas, but is still within a comfortable walking distance to all the sights. Many of the bars and restaurants in this area are wonderful because they are local places (i.e. no tourist menus)I highly recommend!

Great location, but loud street noise The market in front of the Hotel

Great Hotel We stayed here for 5 nights on the 6th of January. We were on honeymoon. The room was huge. We were on 14th floor. The bed was a superking and oh so comfy. Really clean and housekeeping were really good at their jobs. Again as others have stated no drink making facilities in room which is annoying well for me anyway. We ordered room service once food wasnt great we had the pizza and steak sandwich. We also ate at deli next door which was really handy. Reception on check out were not the greatest very busy and at the slightest inkling we would ask a question they passed us off to concierge. Bit of a let down as rest of stay went so well. Never mind. Overall would stay there again its out of way of any hustle noisy streets etc. Try restaurant naples 45 at back of grand central lovely little place. Head chef bit of attitude but it was funny think he thought he was Gordon Ramsey.....

Leidse Sq = Great! Having read the reviews on here after booking we were a bit panicked and didn't know what to expect, but the hotel is great! We checked in at midnight on a Friday, the room was clean and quiet, the hotel location is ideal, and the staff are friendly and helpful. Breakfast is ok, had better, had worse. We booked through Hotel Connect, the whole system ran smoothly from start to finish and I'd recommend them too. We paid about for 3 nights, bargain.

Wonderful new hotel in Waikiki If you have been to Waikiki, you know that there are very few new hotels in the area and we decided to give the Wyland a try. We arrived at around 10:30 AM and our room was surprisingly ready. They also upgraded us to a partial ocean view on the 17th floor. This is a remodeled hotel and they have done a wonderful job. Even though it is not on the beach, it is close to everything. 3 blocks from the beach and shopping. Being alittle away from the beach is actually a plus in our book since it is less busy and quieter. The pool area is so serene and gorgeous. They also provide Otter Pops which is a fun touch, along with the Pixy Stix at the front desk! All of the hotel staff were attentive and helpful. The beds are amazingly comfortable. If I had to think of one negative it would be the shower which is very small, but I think they did a good job with what they had to work with. Another HUGE plus at this hotel is the Chill Room - there are 8 massage chairs in this room which is perfect at the end of the day. I wish I could have taken one home! If you are looking for a huge chain hotel, this is not the place for you. If you are looking for a relaxing new boutique hotel, I would say give the Wyland a try. We are very glad we did!

Unbeatable service After a three week trip staying in hotels from Paris to Porto we were so delighted to meet Walter and be on the receiving end of his unfailing courtesy and helpfulness.Never mind that our room was delightful, the waitresses charming and efficient and the breakfast delicious, we also just loved coming 'home' every evening to our quiet and peaceful neighbourhood.Thank you.

Beautiful hotel, wonderful staff, best hotel in Waikiki Beach at Moana with Diamond Head view

Great second option for Mexico City When in DF, I always stay at the Fiesta Americana, but on my last trip I waited until the last minute as always to book, and this time it was full, so I went for the next-closest hotel, which was the Camino Real. Food: the great thing about this hotel is that it has several restaurants, so a huge variety of options, and the room service menu includes a little from each restaurant. The La Huerta restaurant has amazing breakfasts. I have breakfast here sometimes even when I stay at the Fiesta Americana. I was lucky to get one of the rooms on the fifth floor, which have been remodeled and are pretty nice. A year or so ago, I was shown one of the older rooms and I really imagine staying there. Check before you book to see what type of room going to get. The great thing about this room compared to the FA is that they have this HUGE desk, big enough for two people to work at. The service was excellent. The gym is pretty good, except no stair stepper, which is really important to me. Also, no spa, or sauna, or steam room, which is disappointing, and a big plus for the Fiesta Americana. I still think go back to the FA on my next trip to DF, but the Camino Real is definitely a great second option.

Would definitely consider returning I ended up here after getting stuck without a hotel room at the Fiesta Americana and calling all around and finding NOTHING else in Mexico City. I never would have thought to book this hotel, because really not into huge, high rise chain hotels, but I would definitely stay here again. Location: Not bad, it was surprisingly fast to get around from this hotel. Maybe I was just lucky, but the traffic too bad when I had to get out and around. Service: Excellent. Room: I have no idea what type of room I ended up in (1515, I would ask for something like this if I end up booking this hotel again), but it was massive, really comfortable for working, which is what I usually end up doing all day long when in Mexico City. There was a large desk, large enough for two people to work comfortably. The bathroom was huge as well. Really a comfortable room. Food: Not bad. Not a huge variety, but it was okay. Spa: use it, but there is one. Gym: use it, but there is one, and it looks like a great one.

Probably wouldn't return This is another hotel I have ended up at except that the other hotels I usually try to stay at in Mexico City were fully booked. Considering the value for the rates, I probably return. The room was pretty small considering the rate, and the small desk made it uncomfortable for two people to work in the room. I would definitely go with my usual Fiesta Americana or Camino Real instead. Location: ExcellentService: Pretty good, lots of mistakes with room service, but they were good about correcting errors. Internet connection: Great, no complaints at all. The wireless connection worked perfectly. Room: Kind of small, very small desk (only one person could work at a time at the desk). Food: Lots of variety, good food. Spa: use it, but I think there is one. Gym: use it, but there definitely is one.

Ocean Blue - Great Time! We just returned from a week in Punta Cana at the Ocean Blue and had a better-than-expected-time, especially after reading some of the reviews here!We got a terrific last minute deal from Expedia (booked on Fri. left on Sun AM). Easy time checking in, asked for a room on the 2nd or 3rd floor and got a very nice room on the 3rd (Bldg. 7, Rm 7305) which overlooked the gardens and front walkways and to the left, the pools and ocean. The large veranda was a great place to have coffee in the AM. Lovely, spacious room with nice dark wood accents and furnishings, colorful bedspread on the king bed and futon. Nice marble tiled bathrm w/jacuuzi tub.The 2 pools are awesome, along with the swim-up bars! (Try a Miami Vice). Friendly bartenders made it fun and we met lots of people from all over, meeting them for drinks and dinner. It's a popular resort for Canadians, Germans, Americans, French Spanish. The buffet food was better than expected and I over-indulged in all the fresh fruits every meal. For b'fast there are several omelet, pancake stations and tons of choices. For lunch and dinner, the pasta stations are terrific. The desserts are pretty sweet but there's always ice cream. The specialty restaurants were so-so, (the Mexican restaurant puts what looks like cheese wiz on everything even tho I asked them not to - you have to remember English might not be totally understood altho it was amazing how many bartenders, etc. spoke several languages). Very nice atmosphere and we were eating 3 huge meals a day so were not going to complain. We had fun at the sports bar playing pool, and the coffee and desserts at Mike's Coffee Shop were excellent. I wished they were open before 10AM but oh well. We didn't try the extra cost restaurants since there were so many choices with price included.The decor and landscaping, pools and all buildings are just lovely. Yes, there are a few missing tiles in the pools, but we found everything spotless, the maid service excellent and loved the Lobby areas- just fabulous and a great place for a drink to meet people. The shows are pretty cheesy, as described in other reviews, but kids might like them. There's enough to do to stay busy: stretching/Yoga in the AM, water aerobics at noon, step at 4. Yes, they might not compare to your gym at home (certainly no comparison to our Les Mils programs at ours) but fun and necessary for us after over-indulging. We had no problem getting an umbrella chairs at any time by the pools. It was pretty windy at the beach so we only hung there one half day. We found the ocean pool temperatures perfect, altho one swim-up bar is in the shade so we stayed submerged while hanging there! The weather was picture perfect except for one afternoon-early-evening rain storm which was fun to watch from the bars or our veranda. An umbrella in the room was a nice touch.For the price we paid (last minute is incredible!) we were more than satisfied and will certainly recommend this resort, and probably return again. My only real complaint was that the bed was not real comfortable - if they upgraded the mattresses (we're spoiled with decent beds at home) it would really help. That would cinch a trip back for us.Oh and one other thing - LOSE the TIME SHARE people who nab you when you check in, insisting on breakfast to tell you about the resort! It was late, we had a delayed flight, were exhausted and alto suspicious, thought it just might be a quick info of what to do. We should have just said NO but they called and woke us the next morning. I finally insisted they tell us what it was about and they admitted it was a vacation plan. They'll try to nab you on your way into breakfast almost every day but it's easy to wave them off. If I were managing this resort I'd insist they either be upfront at the start about what they're trying to sell you, or better yet, be off premises. We're pretty good about choosing places and have heard too many horror stories about these companies going out of business, extra fees being charged, etc. to be interested in any plan. It was a small thing, but if you're like us and don't want to waste a precious minute of your well-earned vacation, be warned!

Lovely Hotel We chose this hotel for it's location and good reputation and were not disappointed. Altho not perfect (the room was small you will hear hallway noises: doors closing, talking, etc). Luckily it was quiet on our floor by the time we went to sleep. It's a beautiful establishment. Lovely contemporary art work, plums and reds and modern-style furnishings. This seems to be the trend in many places we visit and it's nice!Our check-in was prompt and the concierge and staff helpful enough. No waiting for elevators but the hotel did not seem booked to the max.The small room was lovely and the bed was very comfortable. The large bath nicely appointed (except the antiquated hair dryer - a little surprising but worked OK.) Don't expect coffee makers or the like but do expect great towels, soaps, (1) robe and (1) pair of slippers. Cool decor. We hit the hotel bar after dining out (*see below) and it was fun but pricey. Expect this in downtown. The next morning we had a good breakfast in the hotel ($20 BreakFAST) which was huge. Great fresh fruit cup, toast/jam, scrambled eggs, sausage, bacon, French-pressed coffee (excellent) delicious fresh squeezed OJ. The eggs could have benefited from some chopped scallions or something. I'm sure next time we could ask. Way too much food - we should have split it!Note - The day before our arrival I had emailed the manager that it was our anniversary, was my veteran husband's first trip to DC but there was no acknowledge of this.Overall our stay was romantic and wonderful but next time we would only stay if we could nail a discount rate or package special. Very expensive and for that price you want special treatment.*BLUEPOINT RESTAURANT - A MUST! 1299 Pennsuylvania Ave NW 202 783 4545Recently opened, this was so good we ate lunch and dinner there in the same day! See our review under restaurants.

almost perfect Date: November 21, 2005Reviewer: A Trip Advisor member from Washington, DC. We had four very comfortable nights at the Adagio (Nov.9-13 '05). We received a warm welcome from the friendly staff, and were shown to an attractive, clean, spacious room (#404). The bathroom was large, and adequate, nothing fancy, with plenty of room for toilet kits. The high point was the bed! It was the most comfortable bed I've ever slept on in my life. And it helped to have a lovely down duvet, too. The hotel location is a few blocks from Union Square, which was perfect for us. The one downer was that it got a little noisy sometimes at night, as the windows were open and the bar scene is a little rowdy. I think we'll always stay at this hotel when we're in San Francisco.

Very Comfortable We were here for one night post cruise just to relax and we were delighted with the service and amenities. Wireless internet is a plusafter being without for a week. The rooms were spacious and comfortable. The location was decent just a two block walk to the beach and the main street. The beach was very nice. Would stay here again especially for the price booked with hotwire.

Absolutely Amazing! Stayed here twice , first time on New Years Eve 2004 and then in October 2005 and it was absolutely amazing both times, the location is second to none, views from the bedrooms are amazing, its right beside shopping, theatres and tube stations. Loved every minute of staying there, the bar is gorgeous and relaxing while still being very trendy..the breakfast buffet is out of this world and the staff are unbelivably friendly and accommodating, couldnt reccommend the place enough

Large, Clean The covered walkways at the resort

Closed for Renovation My husband and I celebrated our 5 year anniversary at the Princess, Sept 2 to Sept 9. On our last day, guests were being moved to the Bavario since the Princess was closing for renovation on Sunday the 11th. The Princess was also very empty. We are from Orlando, Florida and are big beach people. We thought we could deal with heat. It was unbelievably hot the week we stayed. The night of our arrival we had to eat at the buffet restaurant since we had not made reservations. There are no paddle fans in the buffet restaurant or the lobby and we had to use our napkins to keep the sweat out of our eyes while we ate. My husband also had to wear long pants to dinner once we had made our reservations. It was terrible to see him sweating all the way to dinner at 8:00 at night.Ahhh...the buffet! This is the only bad thing I have to say about the resort. The breakfast buffet was the same just about every day. They have a made to order omlette bar, waffels, etc. But after 2 days the rest of our breakfast was toast and fruit. Lunch was not much better and room service (ham cheese sandwich) was even worse. The evening restaurants were good. The two (tex mex and Italian) located at the Princess were very good. We also ate at 3 restaurants at the sister resort that were also good (La Cava, Sombrero and Chinese). Our appetites were not up to par since the heat was so bad. Toward the end, we booked any restaurant we could get as long as it was air conditioned.The people...could not have been more fantastic. The majority of the guests were from Spain. We speak very little spanish, communicating with them, although sometimes difficult, was a pleasure. They were so friendly and we made some very good friends. For the staff, 4 became very dear to our hearts. They went out of their way to make us happy, be friendly, and to help me work on my Spanish. The ladies of the lobby bar could not have been more wonderful. The best part of our entire trip was getting to know them. Please remember that a tip goes a long way. Change in US dollars is very difficult to get so we took $100 in ones and $100 in $5 and $10. Just their sharing of their culture was well worth a tip.The beach was beautiful. The sand is very soft and light which adds to the turquoise color of the water. There was never a problem with chairs at the beach or the pool. Excursions - we did the Lobster Tour and the Snorkel with Dolphins tour. As I stated earlier, most of the guests were from Spain. We were the only people that spoke english on the Lobster Tour and I thought the bus ride was going to be difficult. By the time we got off the bus later that day, everyone kissed and hugged us goodbye. Our television showed video of the Snorkel with Dolphins tour. The tour was so Not what the TV showed. Once on site, they suggest you don't even wear a mask and snorkel. The only thing different between your general swim with dolphins and the snorkel activity is that they let you float free in the center of the dolphin pool and you can pet them when they swim by.The room was great. Never a problem with water or power. We were in the 5000 series which is the building closest to the beach. I will say that out of all the people that we met, either one or both of them got sick during their stay, as did we. I tried to blame it on the Rum, but it seemed to happen to many people. Please remember to pack any medication you may need. I would not return to this resort since there are many other places that I haven't visited. They would also have to do something about the buffet food. On our last day, we actually celebrated that we didn't have to look at it any more!They estimate that the resort will open again for the Holidays. If you have any questions, you are welcome to contact me. I'd be happy to help.

Lover Hotel Brouwer Perfect.Perfect location, good value, super charming building and rooms, very helpful and friendly staff/owners, right on a canal, great breakfast in a delightful room.......I have no complaints.It is a very short walk from the train station, so it is easy to get to and from the trains and the airport.I have stayed there twice.Highly recommended.

Loved the Wyndham!! First of all, I got a great deal (with parking and breakfast) on the hotel's website. Then, I was upgraded to a loft room because I belong to the Wyndham hotel club. Gorgeous hotel!!!The staff was wonderful and accomodating. I will certainly stay there again when I'm back in New Orleans!!

Great place to visit! We stayed in the Outrigger Reef on the Beach in Waikiki. It was ON the beach, reasonable, clean and relaxing. It rained one day for a few minutes and everyone left the beach. We didn't because our thought was we're on a beach in Hawaii, who cares if it's raining!. Hawaii is a great place with friendly people. I would go back in a heartbeat (if only the flight was shorter).

A rather boring hotel but ideally situated The hotel is clean and tidy but has no atmosphere. The room we stayed in was no more than a box room though supposed to be a double, taller than it was long.It was very dark even during the day due to it opening into a very small inner courtyard. The Bathroom was clean and no problem. We found the hotel quiet, almost too quiet as the bar area was only open during lunchtime. The lounge was always empty as there was no reason to sit in there though you could get a drink ( tea, coffee, cans of drink including beer from a vending machine) Not condusive for creating a friendly atmosphere as everyone just retreated to their rooms.If you simply want a base to sightsee then the Hotel is ideal. Breakfast ok but always the same, plenty of it.

Simple and Easy I stayed at Casa Alta Vista in March. I went to Vieques by myself and this was a good place to stay for doing so. There was a group a little bit younger than myself staying at the hotel and they were very friendly. I would classify this place as a cross between a hostel and a hotel. It was very clean and the staff was very helpful, but one of the blinds in my room was stuck up. It may still be that way. They helped me schedule a tour of the bioilluminescent bay (which was absolutely fantastic). Don't expect too much from the store. It's mostly junk food. Honestly though, this was my favorite part of my trip to Puerto Rico and I kind of wish I had stayed longer.

Lovely place but... Really Big My Fiance and I - age 31 26 just returned fromteh Gran Bahia Principe - Bavaro. Our stay was from April 24 - May 1st.Over all we had a fantastic time. But this resort if huge. We stayed in RM 24105 which is close to the beach and I was still having a hard time finding my room on the last day of our vacation. It isn't the kind of resort that you can run back to your room to grab something you need. Running back to your rooms means jumping on a tram and going for a 15 -20 minutes ride.Check in - Fast and Easy.Golden vs Normal - we purchased the golden package. What that truly means is 4 a la carte dinners vs 3, tons of beach towels vs. Towel Card, a room close to the beach vs close to the main lobbies and buffet, access to 3 pool vs 2, Housecoats and slippers. If I were to do it again it wouldn't purchase the Golden package. Being closer to the beach means further away from the buffet. Food - Good enough. We always foudn something yummy.Beach - really nice. Busy - but you can always find a chair.Pool - well kept. There is 3 pools so your should always be able to find a chair.Shopping - Pueblo Principe is the shopping area. My advice - go into the stores and check out the pricing on items. You can't bargain with the stores. Then if you want to go bargain with the vendors go ahead. The vendors start their pricing 3 x what the stores are asking. So it might be cheaper just to purchase what you are looking for from the store if the vendor won't lower their price.Rooms - really nice. Maid service was great. Needed an iron and that arrived in 5 mins. Had an Alarm clock in our room. It didn't work and I asked for a replacement that never arrived. No bugs or anything. We did have a ground floor room.Entertainment - Okay. The shows were kinda boring so we didn't attend many.Activites - their wasn't much to do on the resort so we went and did a bunch of excursions.Swimming with the dolphins - a lot of fun but you only get to swin with the Dolphin for 10 minutes. That is located in a zoo. So after you can go see all the Animals.Half Day.Dunbugee - Boring. They just drive around the streets. I wouldn't do that again. Half day.Bavaro Runner Tour - great tour. You go horseback riding, then to a ranch farm, then lunch, then cigar factory then sugar cane field then a different beach. Its a full day tour but you get to learn a lot about the Domincan.Speed Boats and snokeling - this was the best one. You drive a speed boat about 15 mintues to a platform in the middle of the ocean to go snorkeling on a coral reef for an hour then you drive the the boat back. Half day but great experience.I would go back to Punta Cana again but I look for a smaller resort. This resort was really busy and big. I prefer something a little smaller.

Adequate rooms, strange policies The Hotel Washington is located in a very nice part of Amsterdam, close to the Rijsmuseum and ConcertGebouw on a very peaceful side street. The rooms are comfortable, although the decor leans to dark colors. Everything was reasonably clean, and the breakfast was adequate. One note: the stairs are incredibly steep and there are lots of them.However, the management of this hotel seems to view customers as people to be policed rather than welcomed. There are signs all over the hotel about the policies on visitors to the rooms, check-in, check-out, the times the the rooms can be cleaned, no loud music, etc. All of this is fine, but the attitude of the staff seems to be that they are there to keep the guests in line, rather than create a friendly environment. For instance, I misplaced my room key (the usual plastic card type) and asked for a replacement. I was reprimanded and told that I would be charged 10 Euros for the new key and another ten if I needed another one. I was also told that it was against hotel policy for me to visit my traveling companions in their room (no visitors in rooms!) for a drink before dinner (they were staying in a suite; we are 66, 62, and 47 so it is not like we were planning to throw a giant party and ask people in off the street.) The friendliest creature there was the cat. I would stay there again because it is a good facility, but don't expect anything but hassles from the staff.

A room with a view What a great place! Just returned from 4 nights here and delighted with the choice. Central location - only a few minutes walk from the Accademia, but tucked away in a side street so as quiet as it can be in Florence (or any major city for that matter!). Ask for room 45, on the 4th floor (don't panic there is a lift), if you want a room with a balcony and a view over the roof tops to the Duomo and Campanile. Continental breakfast was light but adequate, but hotel too small to serve dinner - not a problem with so many good restaurants to choose from! Go and enjoy!

Huge roomy great facilities but impersonal We stayed 15 nights at jayakarta in the private residence.We booked private ones thru the interent so they are not hotel owned. We had heard that these apartments are far more superior to the hotel owned rooms and the rumours were true.We could not at all fault the apartments. They are beautiful, very well set out, completely furnished with very comfy leather lounge, and beds and pillows were the best. The kitchen was fully kitted out with all you could need. The fridge is a good size with freezer and a water dispenser is in each kitchen and the cleaner will replace with a new bottle when it becomes low. Each room had its own individual controlled aircond so you could set your own temp and they worked perfectly.There is really not any views to anywhere from your balcony but it was good to have a balcony to sit on in evenings and early mornings and to hang wet things on.!!The residence block is apart from the hotel blocks of rooms. The whole complex is huge and sprawling and that was my only complaint.It is just too big. The residence is at the beginning of the hotel near entrance and then the other hotel room blocks are down closer to the pool in vaious different postions. The residence is a LONG way / walk to the pool and most days in the heat none of us could be bothered with the walk once you had come in from shopping or day trips.We used the pool 4 days out of 15 and each time there was absolutely NO pool service. Not once did I see any wait/persons going around ordering or delivering food or drinks and that is around all 3 pools. That was very disappoiinting. There is a hut you can go into for massages but I didnt use it as i was usually watching kids swimming. We ate at the hotel for breadkfast twice and it is very expensive and the variety not great. There was only 1 choice of cereal and it looked like cornflakes but did not taste like them. No kids cereal choices at all. There was an egg man to make you what you desired, but no pancake cook. There were ready made pancakes and the usual array of hot foods and toast, breads, danish etc. The restaurant at nights was mostly deserted but there are so many good ones nearby that i imagine you would be crazy to pay hotel prices when a 3 min walk will get you to plenty of other eating places.The pools were very clean and well maintained and the location is perfect for all the beach side restaurants and many others. s all in all I would have to say only average with nothing really to get you exited and yearning for a return visit. Whilst I wasnt hugely disappointed ( as the rooms made up for any negatives)I wasnt satisfied with my choice either and I would not choose to stay again. I do prefer somewehere with a good pool service and more personal touches.

Good value and location. We stayed here for one night and found the hotel to be a real bargain and very adequate for our needs. It's also in a perfect location just a few blocks from the French Quarter and Harrah's. We booked through hotels.com and only paid $92 for a deluxe queen room. We had a view of the street, reasonably sized room, and a very large and well-equipped bathroom with a very roomy walk-in shower. The radio was playing New Orleans jazz when we entered the room. They had a collection of jazz CD's available to play but the CD function wasn't working on our radio. But it was a nice gesture and I'm sure they would have corrected the problem if we had asked. We had stayed at this hotel previously (pre-Katrina) and paid more than double for the same quality room at that time. So it is obvious that New Orleans needs our business and our support. A previous reviewer mentioned something about a lack of valet parking. They did have valet parking at a cost of $30. We could have parked cheaper at a nearby garage but it wouldn't have been as convenient. After we called for our car, it was waiting for us by the time we reached the lobby. All the staff members were very friendly and helpful. We were even allowed to check in early at 11 am because the hotel wasn't busy. If I return to New Orleans I will definitely return to International House.

Location, location, location! We booked this hotel for a two-night stay prior to our departure on a cruise. We had requested an ocean view room, and ended up with not only an ocean view from our balcony, but also a view of Diamond Head from the walkway outside our door. The hotel is older, so our bathroom was not very plush, but perfectly adequate. The bed and the bedroom were fine - king sized bed with good mattress and ample storage for our clothes. We had a small balcony that looked out sideways to Waikiki Beach. This hotel also features Breakfast on the Beach whereby you can take your little lunch pack down to the breakfast buffet, fill it up, and either go to the beach, on an excursion, or eat it there at poolside. We paid more than we usually do for hotels (we are usually budget travelers) but still found the price was right for this location. If you want to be right on Waikiki Beach, this is a very good choice. The only glitch was the elevators, which were set, for security purposes, to run with room key-card activation. Many people had trouble figuring out how to use them, some even resorting to using the stairs. We finally got the hang of it after a few failed attempts.

"It's just ketchup"-??? I stayed at this hotel for 5 nights for a online travel industry conference. It's held here every other year, so this was my third time at this hotel. Things have definitely gone downhill.I'll start with the pluses: The spa was nice. The room service veggie burger was really good. The bed was comfortable. My room was relatively spacious. I requested a refrigerator and they brought it within 5 minutes. But let's talk about the bad stuff. First of all, there was no minibar. Well, actually there _was_ a minibar-- it was just empty, with a note on it that it was being renovated and that one should call room service for food and drinks. Not exactly what you want to see when you're arriving very late and just want a Diet Coke. I was grateful my flight hadn't been delayed-- at least I got there before room service closed for the night. Why would you leave the minibar in the room if it's empty? Room service was also hilariously bad. I'd seen some reviews that said the homemade granola was good, so I figured I'd give it a shot one morning. When the guy brought up the food, he lifted off the silver platter to reveal... 2 boxes of Kellogg's granola! I said that I thought it was homemade, and he said oh, sorry, we ran out so I just brought you this. I'm glad I didn't order an omelette-- I probably would've gotten something from McDonald's. (They did eventually bring me the real granola, and it was pretty good-- nothing to write home about, though.) But the worst thing was the housekeeping. I noticed a nasty-looking red stain on the bedskirt and left a note for housekeeping asking them to please change it. When I got back to the room that night, all the sheets had been changed, but not the bedskirt. I ran into the maid the following day, pointed out the stain, and asked her to change it. She looked at it, shrugged, and told me, It's just ketchup. I was dumbfounded. Um, 1) it wasn't MY ketchup, 2) even if it _is_ something innocuous, I don't want to look at it! I asked her to please change it anyway and she made a big deal out of having to _call_ someone for a new bedskirt. Anyway, while it was convenient to be at the conference's official hotel, I would seriously consider staying down the street at the Roosevelt next time. There may be some urban legends running around about the cleanliness of the Roosevelt's pool (google it), but at least you can get a Diet Coke from your minibar.

warning - is very addictive - perfect, heaven, a week of paradise! wed

Not worth the money I just returned from a 1 week stay at the Barcel Punta Cana, with my husband, sister and her boyfriend. We are between the ages of 22 - 33.I would like to start off by saying that this is my 3rd time in Punta Cana and the ONLY time I was ever disapointed.If you plan to go on holidays and enjoy some good food and rest, do NOT go to the Barcelo.FOOD:The food here is HORRIBLE!There is hardly a variety, the same stuff every day, undercooked meat, brown salad which taste funny, soups taste off... Terrible, just TERRIBLE. My husband is not a picky eater at all, and even he struggled to find anything to enjoy. We lived off of hotdogs (which were orange in the middle and odd tasting), frechfries, and bland tasting pasta.ROOMS:We booked the ocean view delux, and were told that our rooms would be in the new building, upgraded rooms, jacuzi tub, seperate stand in shower, ect...long story short... We did not get these rooms.The rooms we ended up in are ugly, run down and in some desperate need of upgrading and a paint job.We complained to the front desk and they stated that we never paid for the nicer upgraded rooms, which surely we DID, we complained to the manager whom was completely RUDE to us, very dismissive and simply told us - nope, you did not pay for the upgraded rooms, you are not getting the upgraded rooms... It was very frustrating.On our last day there I found a cockroach in our room ... Lovely.Then the next morning I noticed that a bunch of rooms had signs/notices up on their doors stating that they were going to be fumigated by the pest control.These rooms are not sound proof at all. You can hear every single sound comming from the hallway, other people balconies, the pool, the pool bar. Since we were overlooking the pool and pool bar, we were kept up every single night by people partying at the pool bar until almost 6am most days. I am totally cool with people partying on their vacation, but the way the resort is set up, the noise really travels and becomes quite loud at night. If you are looking for a more quiet time, I would recomend you request a room NOT facing the poor/ocean side.SERVICE:Service at the Barceo is VERY VERY SLOW!!!If you plan on having a drink with your meal, you are better off getting it from the lobby bar yourself, rather then ask a server to bring one for you - because you will never recieve it.So many times we would ask for a drink, and the server would simpy not bring it - and so we would have to get up in the middle of our meal, go to the lobby and get our own drink.We found the staff and servers here to be very rude and ignorant.No one ever said hola or even smiled. Anytime you asked for something you almost felt bad because they made it very clear that they did not want to do anything for you. We even had eyes rolled at us a few times.One server was cleaning our table while we had drinks in the lobby, and she wipped the pile of ashes from the ashtray all over my friends khakki pants - she looked right at him, then walked away - how rude!POSSITIVES:The resort itself is very nice and cleanThere is two beauitful pools and a swim up bar which wasn't usually too busy.The beach is beauitful, with perfect white sand, blue ocean, clean and has plenty of chairs, BUT very limited spots for shade - same goes for the pool - not much shade. You have to get down very early to reserve your spot.The main pool is quite loud with music and activities, but the 2nd, newer pool is much more quiet. We enjoyed both pools.You are at the end of a line up of other resorts, and it is pretty eatay to take a walk down the beach and sneak into them to check things out.We did not see any weddings at this resort, and do not really see where they would do them. They do not have a wedding gazebo or anything like that.Overall, I would rate our stay a 1.5 or 2 out of 5I would never never go back - not even for free - the food was just way too bad and I could not stand the rudeness from the staff.If you want a good vacation, spend a little bit more and go to the Bahia Principe in Punta Cana - I went there last year for my wedding and what an AMAZING resort.I have also stayed at the Riu Taino in Punta Cana, and that also was an great resort.It really is a shame because the grounds are very nice - but bad service and food really ruined it for us.

Love to be pampered Stayed at the Hessischer Hof with my 15 year old son on July 20, 2008 and since this was the last leg of our 10 day South Germany tour, we're a little tired (though culturally, visually and emotionally enriched) and can't wait to get back home. But the experience that the whole hotel gave us is quite relaxing and even feel pampered, from the check-in procedure, the patience that the front desk lady in answering my questions (or trying to find answers to my numerous questions) and even helping me book for dinner at the wonderful hotel restaurant, to showing us to our room, just like an honored guests in an old friend's house, is just superb! This is really a nice icing to cap a wonderful trip.Highly recommended.

Good Value for NYC As we had never visited the UN before, we chose the UN location for this hotel. However, it was 3 or 4 blocks to Grand Central, the closest subway stop. In general, it was an above average hotel for the price in NYC-a big room with two luxurious beds, a walk-in closet and a big bathroom. However, as we were told we had an renovated 'superior' room, the tub needed re-doing, black scuff marks on the walls and the window could not be easily opened (for dramatic photos). The 27th story pool and sauna were a nice plus. Staff very accomodating and helpful.

Lovely Place We stayed at the Seven Bridges for two nights. This small hotel is located in a quieter section of the city along a canal. We had room 7 which has a canal view. Saturday night can be a little noisy as there is a Coffee Shop two doors down. The horses also go up and down the cobbled streets to add to the noise but Sunday was quiet. The stairs are a steep spiral so luggage and could be a problem for some. The breakfast is traditional European breakfast of breads, coffee, cheese, coldcuts, etc. and is very, very plentiful. The rooms are well furnished with antiques and comfortable beds. The hosts are very helpful. They stored our luggage early in the morning and provide us with maps and location for sighseeing. I have no problem in recommending this small hotel (and I am a 5*+ traveller).

just ok Nice large clean room .Friendly staff.Had lots of trouble getting through to the front desk-phone just rang and rang-never answered on 3 occasions.Lots of slamming hotel room doors early am.Dark boring lobby-nothing very exciting for over 400 dollars a night.

Great hotel, room interesting We enjoyed our stay at this hotel. We had one of the largest rooms in the hotel for our family of four and were very happy with it except for the floors which creaked so loudly it was impossible to tip toe around once the children were asleep. The bathroom was lovely. The public spaces are grand.It is located walking distance to the Duomo and shopping. The breakfast was wonderful. The restaurant was fully booked for dinner while we were there so it must be good. The staff were friendly but busy. The hotel seemed to be flooded with Americans. A good value for the price.

great location The location of this hotel is perfect, near the centre with shops and bars, just far away from the busiest area so that noise levels at night doesnt keep you awake. I chose this hotel from tripadvisor reviews as it had a high score. I had booked superior rooms, to have balcony and whirlpool bath. The rooms were adequate and very clean. I had trouble operating the whirlpool bath - the reception staff were not very helpful with this. When I found the instructions - it was fine - the instructions were a little out of sight!!Breakfast charge was 15 euros - In my opinion it was poor- along with the service. The food on the hot counter was cold. There were four of us - we decided to have breakfast at a local cafe for the rest of our stay - much better and at half the price. There was no bar lounge - the bar was in the restaurant with just two stools - missed coming in and chilling out over a cool drink or coffee.The plus for this hotel is the location, and I would recommend the hotel for a short stay.4* is perhaps being very kind - I would of thought more like 3*. Madrid is a colourful and vibrant city - we had a great break.

Good Location The Rooms - clean but compact. Only using as a base so not that bothered by the size. Bed was very comfortable - and linen and towels in good condition and clean. Facilities in rooms was good. Breakfast - not so good. When we arrived for breakfast we were seated and immediately they came with orange juice. We thought we would order from the A La Cartre menu - but we were not asked and their continental breakfast was soon brought to the table. When our friends joined us we explained to them to make sure the waitress knows you want to order from the A La Carte. This they did and placed their order, but it never arrived.No apologies from the staff.Next morning we had breakfast in a nearby cafe - much better!The Restaurant Flo attached to the hotel seemed very popular so we tried it. It was good but the quality was reflected in the prices.I suppose you get what you pay for. Reception check in/out was smooth and efficient.For a 4* hotel I would of liked to have had the facility of a bar to sit and have a drink or coffee - the only bar was in the restaurant with pull up stools.I would go back there - but not my first choice.

Glassed Bathroom March 2006 - 4 of us stayed here for a long weekend, we had adjoining rooms which was great. Check in was a little slow as was check out - staff were friendly but slow. The bar staff went out of their way to make our stay memorable, nothing was too much trouble for them. As all hotels the drinks here were more expensive than bars - about 40% more. Breakfast was not included in our rate-we were charged 16 euros each. The selection was fresh fruit, cold meats and cheese, hot grill, cereals,toast,muffins etc. It was as one would expect from a 4* hotel.Dont get too excited about the swimming pools, they are very small but welcoming for a quick dip after a long day sightseeing. This hotel is a 10 euro taxi ride into the centre. Near the hotel was a shopping mall. If I return to Barcelona for a short stay I would choose a hotel a little nearer the centre, but this is an individual choice.The hotel bedroom was very clean, and the bathroom a little different with a glass partition dividing this area from the bedroom - we were on a high floor with spectacular views of the city.

Loved the Hipster Belmont Hotel Although i do live in the same city as this hotel I decided to celebrate my birthday there! I am glad i did. This hotel is on top of a hill in an underdeveloped area with great potential.If you are used to brand new, squeaky clean, plush hotels, i'd read below before i make a decision to stay a whole weekend:First off, valet, it's free! Even for guests. You will check in and since some of the rooms are located in different areas the Valet will drop you off with their golf cart. The hotel is atop of a hill and spread out. It is sort of like it's own little village so there are no hallways!Belmont took this old 40's building and rennovated it but left its charachter in place. It has some of the original fixtures, tile, and concrete walls. Props to the owner for leaving it that way but modernizing it with the decor and furniture. I rented the loft suite! I cannot say that i've been anywhere that had a view like this. You could practically touch the Dallas skyline with your fingertips. It's gorgeous!It had 2 floors, downstairs was not large at all only to fit a day bed and wall length desk, flat screen, countertop with sink and a bathroom with a stand up shower. Upstairs was much larger, queen size bed, daybed, wall mounted flat screen and bathroom with standup shower.i read that someone thought it was in a sketchy area, not true. Why would you even walk off the grounds, it has everything you need!The hotel was very accomodating about having guests over. It has the BarBelmont which had flawless service, and a skyline view as well! Like i said i stayed in the loft so i'm not sure if everyone will have a view like ours so ask to be placed in a suite that will. Few more tips:infinity pool, ice machines scattered among the property, landscape was pretty, 5-10 minutes from downtown, 15 min from greenville ($18-20 cab ride one way). CliffCafe for food service. would i stay again? Already thinking about it.

ESJ Towers, an honest review to make your decision easier Overall the experience was not terrible, nor did it curve my enjoyment in San Juan. There are a few things that i was dissapointed in but I'd rather start off with the positive. I did feel their customer service was great. Nice happy greetings when you enter, cab service at the drop of a dime. At checkin we were told that we had to pay an extra charge of $40.00/room if we wanted maid service. If you choose not to use the maid service you simply have to walk downstairs to trade in old towels for new ones. (as well as sheets and pillowcases)The rooms are a little out dated as far as interior design. After a long day of touring around the city i didn't let that bother me. It is a place to lay your head until the next day's long excursion. The pictures on the website speak truly.There is a restaurant called the Happy Apple downstairs, a grocery store, game room with pool tables, a cocktail bar, free internet access room with 3 computers available and a workout room.The Hotels is on one of the most nices beaches, Isla Verde. The water is georgous, blue as blue can be and wonderful sand. There is no bar service so be sure to take a portable cooler down with you. There might be small portables that will sell you drinks but you can always walk about 10-20 feet further down to another hotel who will sell it to you.Here is a list of things you should know:`The Pool closes at 7pm 7 days a week.`There is not beach access from the hotel after 7, I believe b/c of saftey reasons.`you have to walk down the street to find your own beach access after 7pm. (I'm not sure if you can even come back to the hotel beach area)You do have to walk downstairs through the underground parking garage to gain access to the beach, it's not as complicated as others have said.The pool has no swim up bar but a small cabana that sells beer and pina colodas, hot dogs and nachos only.`you do have a small but useful kitchenette, refridgerator, small electric stove, microwave, coffee maker, and average sink.If you are used to luxurious interiors or upscale dining, this is not the place for you. You are next to El San Juan Hotel and Casino The Intercontinental which is a small walk away.Bus stop is right about a block away. There are small restaurants and a grocery store (puebla) within walking distanceI hope this helped! Have fun and enjoy SanJuan!

good for the price My boyfriend and I stayed here for one night in October. We were, as it seems many people are, upgraded to a duplex even though we had booked a standard room. That was a nice touch. However, the bed was in a loft where the ceilings were very low and the air was very stuffy and too warm. (It was unseasonably warm for October.) We couldn't open the balcony doors because of street noise and safety concerns, so we tried to put the air conditioner on low, but it would only blow hot air. When I inquired about this at the desk, twice, the staff told me this was the hotel setting and would not explain further. I overheard another guest complaining about this as well, so something must have been wrong, but they did not apologize or make any attempt to remedy the situation, which was frustrating and made for a very uncomfortable night's sleep before our flight. The design is funky and the room had great light. The very design-y stairs were cool to look at, but I would not want to climb them after an evening of drinking! As others have mentioned, while the design looks cool now, it seems like it will not age well. It's very cheaply constructed, which is why it's so affordable for a city center hotel, which we appreciated, but it will probably be pretty banged up in a year or two. Also, the bathroom is teeny tiny. I kept banging my elbows against the shower glass trying to wash my hair. It's pretty much the exact size of a tall person. Toiletries smelled nice, though.Fantastic location, easily accessible to Plaza Mayor, metro, other central sights. Free Internet access was a big perk, especially given the low price of the room. I also liked that you were rewarded with a low rate for booking 30 days or more ahead on the hotel website--we paid only 108 Euros for the room, which included breakfast. Breakfast was plentiful. Nothing hot, but I don't like hot things for breakfast anyway. We ate fresh fruit, yogurt, tortilla, fresh juice, coffee, and were very pleased with the selection. The heating problem was a bummer, and hopefully it has since been fixed. But the location is great for the price, and it was clean and spacious (other than the bathroom).

Fantastic! view from our window at back of hotel

Got Sick But Loved The Resort!!!! resort

Great location! We had the rare opportunity to stay in three different room types in this hotel! I was there for business, and my husband came along for fun. So we started in a standard room with no view. Actually, the view was an ugly courtyard with air conditioner units. But the room was fine. Typical hotel room, and we didn't experience any of the noise others have encountered at the hotel. Good amount of space, had a table and chair. Very polite wait staff, pretty good buffets at Cafe One. But the location was great. Every night, we'd wander the streets of Causeway Bay and soak in the electric lights and lively crowds. You're close to the subway, which we took everywhere. It's very safe and easy to use - and sooo much faster than cabs. Anyways, after my work was done, we stayed for the weekend and upgraded rooms to a Deluxe Standard with Harbour/City views. The city views were magnificent! So much better than the ocean, even. And this room seemed to have been recently remodeled. Cool glass walls around the bathroom (there is a shade if you need privacy), comfy bed, plenty of space. We did experience some noise on our last night in this room, however. We called the front desk and were informed that we were under an event room, so they upgraded us to a suite for our final night! We moved, even though we really liked our room. And I must say, we prefered the Deluxe Room over the Suite. The suite had tons of space. A separate sitting area with flat screen TV. The bedroom is bigger, and there were one and half baths, a stand alone bathtub. So there is TONS of room. However, it was not renovated like our previous room. There was cheap fake wood-like panelling and it was just not very nice. Great view, but no better than our other. It was great to have the space, but unless you need it, opt for the Deluxe Room for the money. Overall, we loved the Park Lane and would stay again. Not fancy, but very nice, terrific service, great location. Oh - another tip. Some Korean friends of mine were visiting and shared a gem with us - near the hotel is a massage place called The Big Bucket. The hotel didn't even know it. It's totally legit (just massages) and cheap. It was like $35 for an hour long massage. My husband had a body massage and I had a long foot massage - amazing! Great way to end a long day of shopping at the Jade Market!

Wasnt that bad actually My family (me, hubby, son 24 and daughter 18) stayed here for 4 nights after a mini cruiselast week. We arrived from Nassau the same time as hurricane rita so spent the first 2 days in our room. Wasnt too bad, a bit windy, went for a walk and decided it was as bad as March in England. The winds left quite a bit of rubbish on the beach which wasnt cleared up. So stayed by the pool. New hotel being built next door so was a bit noisy. Thought the room was ok. Lovely big windows and a good view of the sea one side and Biscayne Bay and the posh houses the other side. The stuff in the mini fridge is a bit expensive. Staff were not too friendly. The conscierge people were nice though. Not much to see or do nearby though. My kids are vegetarians and struggled big time with food. Ended up cooking soup and instant mash in the coffee makers. Great fun. Jump on a bus outside to Ocean Drive, its only $1.50 each and there is a night bus to come back on. Thought the hotel was fine for a short stay. Hubby liked the gym. Dont order room service just before they close because they cant be bothered. My burger was not cooked (raw and cold in the middle). Got a refund so wasnt too bad. Maids are a bit annoying though, if you want a lay in, they wait outside your door and talk noisily.

Great bed at the Anantara My husband I stayed at the Anantara Seminyak Resort Spa for two weeks + in Oct/Nov, 2008. The reception area was unusual, being two desks in an open area. The reception staff (Erna) was very polite and took us to our suite to explain the way things worked. The expresso machine was a nice touch but we never enjoyed a cup of coffee together as it made only one cup at a time. We stayed in an ocean view room and could not fault the suite or the view. I enjoyed the jacuzzi on the balcony until I turned it on when the stench of drains spoiled the effect and the ambience. I think the bed was the best part of our holiday as it was the most comfortable imaginable We enjoyed the breakfast with the addition of eggs offered a different way every morning ( very delicious )The staff in the restaurant in particular Komang and Ari made our breakfasts very enjoyable I must say the pool was a disappointment as the only seating offered was beanbags. The lounges were so far away and the walk to get there needed footwear as the wood was so hot The restaurant tables were where the lounges should have been. Perhaps they could have used the area for the tables in the evening. Another thing was the lift which had buttons to the 4th floor. We were on the 5th floor so pressed 4 and supposed we had to walk up one floor. Not so. The lift didn't move and other guests told us we had to press 3 to get to 5. Which was ok when we understood. On the last day we had paid extra (well over $200) for late check out to 6pm (6 hours). We had clothes strewn all over the place as one does when packing, imagine our horror when we returned to the room at 2.30pm to pack shower and found staff had stripped the bed, removed the towels and were cleaning amidst our things. Not a good end to our holiday

Fine for the low Price Staff were always helpful and very courteous.There is a Whole Foods Market about a block and 1/2 away, which has a deli, prepared foods, a japanese quick-order diner, -just about anything to get a decent meal. The area looks vacant but I was able to walk around the area at night and still feel safe. You just have to know where you are going. Walking to the convention center, Pike Place Market was about 15-20 minutes. Very nice walk with lots of restaurants and shops along the way.Busline is nearby and free until 7pm, otherwise $1.25. Loved the wi-fi access.Room was decent. Bed was firm, what I prefer.Refrigerator and microwave were great for leftovers. Again, staff was able to provide utensils for my late-night eatings. Thanks. Complimentary breakfast was awesome. Always on time and a good variety too choose from.Would stay here again.

Perfect budget hotel We booked our 5-night stay based on the reviews of other TripAdvisors and we were not disappointed. We, also, loved the location and friendly staff. We stayed in Room 16 for 99 euros a night, We agree with other reviewers that this room had no view at all and was on the warm side, but the ceiling fan made sleeping comfortable. Our bathroom with shower had been modernized, with plenty of hot water and towels. There was a small, inconveniently located closet and no dresser. If your suitcases are huge, you may have a problem storing them, as the room is on the small side. The big advantage to being on the floor above the lobby is you can use the stairs and don't have to always be waiting for the elevator.The lobby is really more like a cozy living room. The dining room is off the lobby toward the back of the building. For 10 euros you get cereal, juice, croissants, yogurt, coffee. A bit pricey, so we always ate our Continental breakfast elsewhere.Be sure to make reservations at least one day at Elle Pre Verre, directly across the street from the hotel. Wonderful meals, reasonably priced!!

Another Satisfied Customer! After reading all of the accolades for the Library Hotel, my husband I were curious to see whether we would agree....and we do! We enjoyed the complimentary wine cheese in the afternoon. Again, we wondered, if complimentary would it still be good? The wine, cheese, other snacks offered were of good quality replenished often. We thought that this was such a nice thing for the hotel to provide for its guests. On the 14th floor is the bar area where an outside patio area is located. Although the rooms are small, they are very comfortable and quiet. There were only 4 rooms on our floor we never heard any noise from the other rooms. The bed was very comfortable. The hotel staff were a pleasure to deal with, they were welcoming attentive. We already know that when we are in NYC again, we will stay at the Library Hotel.

Perfect Stay. Amazing Staff. Highly Recommended. Avoid L'Open Tour though. I will reiterate what everyone else has said about the Hotel Duret. My family of 6 just stayed there in 2 spacious rooms. The bathrooms look they were totally remodeled just yesterday - sparkling clean and modern. The elevator is a bit small as is typical of boutique European hotels. The furnishings were comfortable and the colors bright and pleasant.Other than the location which was wonderful (as others have said, a block from the Metro from where you can get anywhere), the desk staff makes this hotel an amazing experience particularly for Americans. Their English is excellent, and they continually go way out of their way to be helpful - mapping Metro routes, looking up bus routes and times, booking restaurant reservations, helping with itineraries. I can't say I've ever had the pleasure of such an outstanding cadre of personal assistants. I highly, highly recommend this hotel. But while I have your attention, a couple of other conclusions from mistakes I made: 1. Do NOT book the L'Open Tour hop-on-hop-off bus. While it's a nice idea, in practicality it was a huge waste of money and an even worse waste of time. The four routes do cover most of the common destinations in Paris; however, you'd better not be in a hurry to get anywhere, because each route has something like 10 to 20 stops, and the driver stops for 20 - 30 minutes at each stop, gets off the bus, has a smoke, or flat out disappears. We were stuck in front of the Open Tours office for 30 minutes with the motor running while the driver disappeared. It took us 90 minutes to get from Hotel Duret to Notre Dame. The next day we did the same trip on the Metro in 10 minutes, including the time it took to walk from the hotel to the Metro station. The drivers are also incredibly rude. I booked the Open Tour for 6 people for 2 days and we used it for half a day and realized it was not intended to be a mode of convenient transportation. The Metro is very intuitive and covers the whole city. Also, we got the Rail Europe museum passes - also a big waste of money. We couldn't possibly have spent, in 5 days, the amount of money it cost for the pass by paying individual admission to the museums. Plus, the benefit of not having to wait in line is simply false. You don't wait in line to get a ticket if you have the pass, but you wait in sometimes an even longer line to get in (waiting with everyone else who has the passes).And finally, get the Hotel Duret staff to explain the French restaurant checks. They are designed to confuse, in that the prices for each meal item have embedded in them a portion attributed to service and taxes. The check totals all the food items, and then separately reports the service and taxes as another line item, in spite of the fact that these amounts have been embedded in the food prices. So you'll likely be duped to pay the check amount, then the service (paying again what you've already paid), and then loading on a tip, which you've also already paid. We overpaid for a couple days before Michael at the Hotel Duret front desk enlightened us.So - stay at the Hotel Duret and you'll be made very happy by highly attentive and friendly concierges, who will treat you like family.

mixed feelings about hotel I stayed in the hotel on 21 June 2008. I was a bit disappointed because I originally booked (through the Marriott website) a non-smoking king bed room. We checked in very early on 21 June and our room was not ready, so we came back late in the peace.When we came back to the hotel, we were given a double bed smoking room. I was extremely disappointed with this, as I specifically asked that my preference would be a non-smoking room double bed, but I got smoking.I had previously stayed at the Marriott in Victoria, Canada in 2007 and was very impressed with the facilities and location. Unfortunately, with these expectations in mind, I was expecting that the Sydney Harbourside Marriott would be the same - unfortunately, it wasn't as good. I do have to say that the Marriott in Victoria was recently renovated in the last year, but the Harbourside Marriott has not been and I saw this in the room.For those who were thinking of staying in a opera house room (I stayed in one of these rooms on the 19th floor), it is not quite what you think. You can see the opera house, but the view is seen through in between 2 buildings to the left and right of the window - you don't have a 180 degree view which looks directly onto the opera house (if that makes any sense). Also, your room faces east, so when you go and open the blinds in the morning, the sun comes directly into your room/face and blinds you. I do not recall seeing in the room a USB port (which I saw at the Victoria Marriott) which would have been handy to charge an ipod (for example).The reason why I'm posting this post is because of something that happened on the evening of 21 June, which I was a bit concerned about. I went down to the health club on Saturday evening around 7pm. Firstly, the spa was empty and did not have any water in it (was covered up). So if you have expectations of having a spa in the winter at this Marriott, forget it!Secondly, for those who have children and were thinking about using the pool, the pool does not have a shallow depth for you to stand on (I was planning to do some aqua exercises and couldn't, because I'm short and couldn't touch the bottom of the swimming pool without my head being submerged!). The pool is 1.4 metres deep all the way around. Nice pool, despite this.Finally, the biggest concern for me was that I was there for 40 minutes and the health club in that time was not manned. I was appalled because of the swimming pool and the dangers of children drowning - too bad, no one was there to save you if you drowned. Also, there are lockers, but at the time I was there, there was no keys for the lockers, so you could use them. I went to the desk and because it wasn't manned, I couldn't get help,The sauna was very nice, I must admit (though it was not steaming when I was there - it was nice and hot!).With the Bvlgari pack you get, you only get one soap bar, bath salts and something else for ONE person (not for 2 people). We also didn't have bathrobes in our room, so that was a bit sad.Finally, the buffet breakfast is good (on the whole). The fruit was very sweet and nice (given the fact that it is winter in Sydney). Don't go at 10am - we had to queue for 10 minutes before getting a table!I forgot to mention - the location is excellent - 2 minutes walk from the airport train and circular quay. Loved the location of the hotel. You pay for the location though. Walking distance to many things.

fine for business travelers I found the hotel on a website, then booked with our business travel agent. The rate was excellent (it came in below the GSA/CONUS rate used by government travelers) and the hotel was very close to our clients, a Spanish government agency.The room was quite nice, although the entire hotel is loud because there is no carpeting anywhere. All the hallways are tile, very loud, and the rooms have hardwood floors, also very loud. I could hear every step my upstairs neighbor took. This wasn't a big problem for me, as I was there purely to sleep, and I am a heavy sleeper, but my colleague, who had a third floor room, found sleep elusive at night and work impossible during the day because footsteps and other noises carried due to the un-muffled floors and plumbing,. etc.. The bathrooms are lovely, the hotel provides slippers and bathrobes, and a complimentary bottle of wine the first night.Internet charges are steep for a luxury hotel. I did not try any of the dining options. The location is excellent. It is very close to the Thyssen and the Prado and the Parque del Retiro. I would stay there again next time business takes me to Madrid, although my colleague would choose a quieter locale.

great beach, pool, hotel, people--but queasy stomachs hit 5 out of 8 Our group of 5 adults and 3 older teens visited the Dominicana from April 14-22. This is the 5th all-inclusive we have stayed at. We traveled with Apple on a non-charter flight. Apple was very efficient, waiting for us after our very short trip through immigration, with our own 8 people mini-van. Our check-in packets were ready at the hotel; without asking we had been upgraded to 4 rooms in the Bavaro side cottages. The rooms and grounds were clean and kept up well--my daughter reported watching a maid take a full half hour to clean her room. We left $2 tips daily and our requests for extra water, beer, wash clothes were met with a smile. There were no mosquitos to speak of--spraying was going on constantly. The reservation system for the specialty restaurants was not too bad, at least you didn't have to get up at 7 a.m. and wait in a long line. We really enjoyed the steak house and the non-reservation Star Rock Cafe. The gourmet restaurant was a disappointment--dry lobster, no melted butter, just not that special. We enjoyed the ice cream bar by the beach and the cafe by the beach and pool was handy, though the gristle burgers wre not our favorite. We found all the staff to be friendly and accomodating, they really wanted people to have a good time. Beer and drinks were available easily in many places. You could actually get food at 2:30 a.m. if you wanted.The college age boys really enjoyed the small casino as they are not old enough to gamble at home. They actually made a few dollars.The beach and pools were great, though one had to have an early morning person put out towels at either the beach or one of the pools by 7:30 a.m. or you couldn't get chairs. The no-saving chairs rule is not enforced. There was a shortage of catamarans--you had to book for the next day, which might not be when you wanted to go. The weather was great--hot but not uncomfortable.We took the Kon-Tiki snorkel party boat--shoould have taken the Marinarium I guess as we only snorkeled an hour, in a very limited area, and were required to either wear a life vest or carry a noodle. Never been forced to do that before. While the dancing and music were fun, we did want more snorkeling. Apple was great about changing our reservations at the last minute when one of our party became seriously ill. Should have paid in dollars on the spot--when it showed up on my credit card the conversion rate made it about $10 a person more than advertised and I was charged a $15 currency converson fee.Because we had an early morning flight, we did not have much of a problem going through customs and immigration at the airport. In fact, Apple could have picked us up half an hour later and we would have had no problem. Now the main problem. Five of our group got stomach cramps and diarrhea, though we avoided the water, (plentiful bottled water was provided in the rooms) raw vegetables and salads as we always do. Perhaps the water in the dining rooms was not safe. One of our group became so ill she had to be taken to the (fortunately modern) hospital by ambulance. There is a 24 hour clinic on the premises and it was in use. Quite a few people besides us had at least queasy stomachs. While some of this has occurred before in Mexico, nothing like on this trip. This put a damper on many activities and left us with a negative feeling about the experience. We felt the food in the buffet was the least varied and tasty of any of the 5 all-inclusives we have gone to. One does not expect a gourmet meal at an all-inclusive but the buffet food and the upset stomachs were the low point.

Quiet location. We stayed at this Ibis for 2 nights recently. The location is great - central enough to be convenient, but far enough away from the main highlights to be peaceful. It's off the main road, coming away from the train station to the left. There is another Ibis very near to the train station, but this doesn't have triple rooms.The room itself was compact, but clean, warm and the bathroom (or should I say 'bath'pod') was fab - the shower was powerful and there's good light in there, even though there's no window.There are no drinks / drink machines in the room, so I would recommend you take these - there are vending machines in the lobby, but these are pricey.The breakfast wasn't included in the deal and for the choices on offer, I felt 14Euros was a bit too much - I guess it's the same as most hotel chains though.The staff are very helpful and knowledgeable.I would probably stay here again.

Please Don't Go!! Call Your Travel Agent Immediately!! First of all stayed in many DR resorts (Riu Palace, Caribe Club Princess twice, Palladium Bavaro twice, Sunscape Punta Cana Grande, IFA Villas Bavaro etc. I even stayed the week before at a wonderful 4 star resort in Mexico before traveling to the DR. My resort choices over the years range in their ratings from 3 stars to 6 stars. I have also visited all-inclusives all over the Caribbean. been faithful to Apple Vacations because their Apple ratings are usually accurate and our experiences in the resorts have been relatively flawless and enjoyable. Something usually perfect but we take the bad and are able to make the best of it in most cases. I always write a review and this review will be the first negative trip review for me. I stayed at the Melia Caribe Tropical several years ago and had a pretty flawless stay. I hated the beach restaurants at that time but was able to find great buffets and restaurants in other areas of the resorts. I also read the other reviews regarding this resort on Tripadvisor and chalked poor reviews up to picky patrons who be satisfied anywhere. Please reread those negative reviews. I was wrong. If you have not taken your vacation yet, please call your travel agent right away!! and change resorts. We traveled to this alleged five star resort on July 6, 2007. The Good1. Check In- Surprisingly and contrary to other reviews, they allowed us to check in early right upon arrival. 2. Resort Appearance- The resort looks great in pictures and in person. The greenery, buildings, lobby and beach are still great to look at. Now for the Very Bad 1. Extremely aggressive timeshare people in yellow shirts harass you in the lobby on the train, in the restaurants, on the beach. They are everywhere and are a nuisance from the moment that you walk through the lobby. We hated them and the last thing we wanted to do was buy a timeshare in that awful resort. 2. The Room-The Jr. Suite that we received looked nothing like the internet pics and did not resemble the nicer room that I had last time. I did see rooms like I had before but we placed in one for some reason. The furniture was somewhat worn and had a butlers pantry instead of a seating area. I noticed little black bugs on the counters and in the bathroom but I attributed them to the fresh flowers and threw them out. We were never able to get rid of the bugs during our stay. They resembled ants but were smaller. 3. Lack of Food -They tell you to call the reservation hotline to reserve ala carte restaurants for the current day and the following day. They forgot to say that no one ever answers that hotline. It rings repeatedly, stays busy or when they do answer, they say are all booked call back later to check for cancellations or book for the next calling many times, we were unable to book a restaurant for our arrival day or the next day. We gave up and went to the beach. We tried the beach grill but there were few choices and lots of greasy snack bar foods. Plain pans of rice with a few carrots. Plain pans of fish, chicken or pork. Desserts were limited out there and it was hot in that beach grill. The tables have no linen table cloths and your dishes will pile up because service is poor to non-existent in there. I mistakenly reassured my husband that they had other restaurants that I enjoyed last time. In the morning, they even have pans of scrambled eggs, pancakes or waffles. that standard?. The omelet line is so long in the morning, you want an egg. 4. Poor Service- After spending a pretty great first day on the beach, we returned to our room only to find that we had no water coming into the bathtub/shower. We called the desk for assistance but no one came after waiting for about 1 hour. Still no answer on that reservation hotline either. We took off in search of restaurants. We saw beautiful ala cartes with well dressed people who seemed satisfied but we found no buffets. We saw signs for the buffets and looked on our resort map but still found no buffets. Finally we were informed that they have torn all of the buffet restaurants down and we discovered lots of construction. Finally we went to the front desk to again complain about the water/food issues. We were tired, dirty and simply needed food. Surely they could have secured a restaurant reservation for us. Those restaurants weren't full. We were simply given the hotline number again and were told that the buffets from the past no longer existed. The signs were wrong. To make matters worse I detected an attitude from the lady at the front desk instead of sympathy. The only place to eat is that awful, hot beach grill if you are unable to secure a reservation. That grill would be used for all meals. Having no choice, we walked back to the beach grill to head off starvation. 5. The room shower was repaired finally but still had very little water pressure. The next morning I tried the restaurant hotline again and managed to get a voice. Everything was booked for our second day already. It was only 9:05 AM! The thought of another day in that beach grill sickened me. We were able to book a reservation for the Japanese restaurant on the third day, however, we were told that we would have to stop what were doing in the middle of the day and pick up a ticket at the restaurant or we would not be admitted. We were also told that we could call back to check on restaurant cancellations after 2:30 p.m. 6. We then noticed water all over the floor of the bathroom on the second day. The toilet had suddenly sprung a leak. I was also beginning to experience flu/viral symptoms that would plague me for the remainder of the week. I could have contracted the illness on the plane but you never know. I was able to live with the symptoms all week but it definitely put a damper on some activities. 7. Spending the vacation on the phone dialing a hotline morning, afternoon and night and walking to various restaurants to pick up tickets was not how I planned to spend my week. I also refused to watch hundreds of people enjoying the very upscale ala cartes while I stayed in the beach grill. I lost all sense of calm and headed to the lobby to find the Apple Vacations rep who normally is stationed in the lobby of the hotel. We found that he would be off for a couple of days. I then went to guest services and requested that Apple Vacations be called. They finally assisted me by making this call. A rep arrived 20 minutes later and we pleaded with him to be moved from that property. Thank goodness, we were sent to the lovely Palladium Grand Bavaro resort. We had to pay an extra $67 and cab fare to move and make the accommodations equal but it was worth it. The nightmare of the Melia Caribe Tropical was completely forgotten when we were able to actually enjoy a great beach, hotel room and eat wonderful foods including normal breakfast choices, chilled wines, salmon, caviar and sushi in a variety of super air conditioned restaurants at the beautiful Palladium for the remainder of our vacation. What a 360 degree turn! I dealt with the illness and still am thankful that we were able to turn this vacation around with a resort move. Other Very Bad Things1 - The resort was huge which requires the use of trams for the patrons. The Melia also allows numerous employees to ride through the resorts on trucks, motor bikes, golf carts etc. I grew weary of constantly stepping aside for the excessive traffic that existed. Our other resort was equally as large and did not allow all of that traffic. 2. Hotel patrons who have purchased the Royal Service option have a lock on the restaurant reservations. They even have butlers who make their reservations, special restaurants, VIP clubs and private beach. Hotel literature clearly indicates that Royal Service patrons have preferential treatment and are given restaurant reservations first. We assumed that these guests were the happy, well dressed patrons who were actually able to enjoy the resort. The Melia has completely forgotten its average client who would not pay or be able to afford additional hundreds for Royal Service. I will never deal with a resort who provides services based upon class and status. While they strive to be six star with rich amenities, we can remember 3 star resorts that outperformed this place in all areas. We give the Melia no stars for our stay. I will return to the Dominican Republic next year but I will never stay in a Melia Resort again.

Restful Caribe Club Princess July 26- August 2, 2006 I traveled to the resort with friends for a restful vacation. I originally stayed at this resort when it first opened under the Hodelpa management. At that time, I felt the resort was impeccable with the exception of the service in main buffet. Waiters used to walk all around you with coffee pots and not wait on you in a timely fashion. While we noticed this again during this trip, we managed to use some our Spanish and got to know some of the wait staff. We also tipped well. This seemed to remedy the problem for the remainder of the trip as we continued to sit where our favorite wait staff was located in the buffet. We loved the service in all of the ala cartes. Even though the resort is under the Princess chain now, they continue to serve Dominican specialties in the buffets which we loved. Other resorts seem to lack that Dominican flair when you look at their bland or greasy buffets geared toward certain nationalities. The food is still very good with plenty of variety but plan on repetition during the course of the week. Repetition was a good thing in this case. miss the morning juice bar, the rice and beans, twisted dinner rolls, fried chicken, fried fish, coffee with milk, and lobster night. The two beach snack bars were great. We loved the pizza, crepes and onion rings. The Italian, Dominican and Japanese ala cartes were our favorites. The food was amazing. I would skip the Brazilian which is simply the buffet meats served like appetizers on swords every few minutes. Really strange! We left that one hungry and headed straight for the buffet. We also disliked the Mexican. The sauce tasted like catsup to me.No problems getting reservations each day in our room buildings. We try the Gourmet La Cava or the Seafood place and chose to repeat our favorites. BEACH-The beach is still wonderful although the sand seemed tanner than it used to be. The weather was windy and cloudy for the first three days so there was some seagrass in the water. The water is still wavy. The water was great for boogie boarding. plan to snorkel on the beach. You will have to book a snorkel tour. We took the Marinarium tour with the sharks and stingrays. Warning!! Skip/Reschedule this tour if it is cloudy and or windy. We had a rough time out there in rough water due to weather. Nothing makes you more nervous than swimming with sharks and stingrays in dark water with no sun. There were plenty of beach chairs and palapas on the beach even when we arrived late. ROOM -The room was not without issues on the first day. When I arrived they allowed me to check in immediately without waiting around for hours. However, the toilet was not operational. The television remotes are stored at the front desk and so are the safe keys. I had to return to the front desk in the heat, toting my heavy valuables( documents, cd player, jewelry etc) to get the key and remote. After retrieving the needed items, and returning to the room, I discovered that the previous guest left the removable lock in the safe. I needed to have it removed before I could use the safe. I again returned to the front desk in the heat still toting my valuables. The lobby is about mile away from the rooms. They handed me a bag of safe keys and told me to try all of the keys and then return the bag of keys to them which required one more trip to the front desk in the heat. Now this was strange VIP service!! They fixed the toilet problem relatively quickly thank goodness. I thought they were going to hand me a plunger. I still lost a couple of hours on this adventure and lost some of my beach day with my friends. I a happy camper on day one. The room was a jr. suite with a view of the pool. It was nice. Maid service was adequate, rum, cigars, fruit platter and VIP nightly turn down mint on the pillow service, which began after day 2 and ended after day 6. I liked the fact that the maids remade the bed and replaced towels when they did the nightly turn down service. I wanted to see them do a better job of getting the sand off of the room floor. It always felt gritty. Resort Appearance landscaping was better when it first opened. I was shocked to see a wooden bridge over water at the ala cartes blocked off with red danger tape. The resort grass was completely dead/dry in spots and full of debris( paper, cigarette butts) and rocks. This is not the norm for the DR at all. Ponds are unkempt and brown. Fountains are inoperative. The Dominican music that used to play throughout the mangroves is now inoperative in places. A couple of working speakers blared disco tunes. There were groundskeepers working but they really need to clean up. This resort was gorgeous when it first opened. Landscaping generally improves over time but not in this case. Another Problem- For about 3-4 days of the vacation, the resort which was calm for the first 2 days, filled to capacity with locals and guests from Puerto Rico. These guests took over all three pools and all of the bars. I have heard of this happening at other resorts but never experienced it until this trip. It appeared that entire families with children and extended generations descended upon the resort. We began to wonder what travel deals were available from Puerto Rico and questioned some of the guests. It became a problem because numerous children appeared to be largely unsupervised and continuously jumped into the pools splashing everyone. The also ran, screamed etc. and forced many guests onto the beach. You even reach the swim up bar. The pools were full of loud, drunk people. It was like MTV spring break. Loud behavior could be heard in the hallways at night during this period and I even experienced strange knocks on the door late at night. There are no peep holes in the room doors( a safety concern) so I ignored the knocking. After a few days, this large group of rowdy guests, suddenly departed and a calm was experienced for the final two days of our vacation. ENTERTAINMENT- The entertainment staff is still top notch! They really worked to get everyone involved on the beach and in the available shows. We loved them. The comedy show was hysterical. The dance shows were wonderful and well choreographed. The stage is still the best in Punta Cana with its light and smoke effects. The did preempt shows one night because they brought in a Puerto Rican singing star (coincidentally during the crowded period) in the disco and charged a $10. cover and another night for a disco on the beach. We disco people and felt cheated out of two shows.Overall- I had a good vacation with my friends on the beach and enjoyed some great food and service. Unfortunately, the vacation was not as problem free and as restful as I wanted . I hope the Princess resorts works harder to reclaim the luster that this resort once had. It certainly has good bones to build on with decent rooms, food and entertainment. I will certainly return to the DR next year but will continue to search for a new resort to try.

'Cock A Doodle Doo' and Other Birds Too! The pools were beautiful but hot!

A very pleaseant experience We visited Amsterdam in August 2004 for 5 days. We had the most wonderful stay at SAS Radisson. The location was ideal. The room given to us was very very good. The staff were very helpful. All in all it is highly recommended. I would most definitely go back to Radisson if I were to visit Amsterdam again.

Are you looking for big room space in Hong Kong? We've got it! Room with kitchen cabinet.

I love this place We stayed 1 night at Hotel 1000 and enjoyed every minute of it. The rooms are so modern, clean and new, and I absolutely loved the design of the bathroom. The giant tub which fills from the ceiling is such a treat after trekking around Seattle in the rain and snow. We had two of the lowest grade rooms and I am extremely pleased with the value for money I got. We paid on average $214 Canadian per room per night and for the quality of room design, finishing, attention to detail and superb service, I feel it was excellent value.The hotel is centrally located on First Avenue, close by to Pike's. It is within walking distance (albeit a steep uphill climb) to the shopping district around 6th ave. The service is impeccable. From the moment you walk in, you are taken care of. It is classy and friendly, warm but very discreet and professional. The front desk is efficient and helpful The valet guys were always there to offer an umbrella for the seattle rain and always smiled to make the day more cheerful. I wished i could have stayed longer. It's my perfect idea of a weekend retreat where one can be pampered and indulge in luxury. Smooth and sexy, Hotel 1000 is one place I will be back.

Compact and Stylish Hotel My room

All the extra touches and more Double Bedroom

Honeymoon Bliss Honeymoon boudoir

Great stay! My husband and myself, along with another couple, spent two nights at the Hotel Vitale the first weekend in October. I made reservations 2 and 1/2 months in advance, reserving two water view rooms. After much research online, including TripAdvisor reviews, we selected this hotel for it location and views of the Bay and the Bay Bridge.Upon checkin, we were quickly and courteously shown to our room. Had a small problem, as it was a room with two double beds and a view of an office building across the street. The bellman called to the front desk and then went downstairs to explain the we had reserved a water view room with a king bed. He returned with two keys and showed us to the next room, which had a king bed and now a better city view. At first we were told that the water view rooms had been overbooked, but when my husband went down to the front desk to explain our very specific reasons for choosing the Hotel Vitale, voila! water view rooms became available for us and our friends. Problem solved and though it involved some time and back and forth discussion, the staff remained friendly and eager to make us happy. By the way, the views of the Bay and the Bay Bridge were spectacular at night. Our first evening we had dinner at the Slanted Door restaurant right across the street in the Ferry Building. We had tried to secure a reservation on our own more than two weeks in advance, but were unable to do so. A quick call the hotel concierge and we promptly had reservations there within 15 minutes of the time we requested. Good job!The next morning we took the F Trolley to Pier 39. The trolley stop is directly on the north side of the hotel. Cost was $1.50 per person. After seeing the sea lions, we took a ferry out to Alcatraz. You must reserve tickets well in advance (in our case, we did this two months in advance) at the BlueGold Fleet website. Lunch at Ghiradelli Square overlooking the water, The Golden Gate Bridge and Alcatraz was quite lovely. Then on to the the obligatory cable car ride (after an hour long wait). Walked through Union Square and then back to the hotel through Chinatown. Dinner that evening was at Hawthorne Lane (quite good), a short 15 minute walk from the hotel. We ate twice in the hotel's restaurant, breakfast both times. A bit on the pricey side, but the food was well prepared and the wait staff was very attentive. In the evenings, the bar is a very lively gathering spot, not only for hotel guests, but for a dialed up crowd of young professionals.The morning of our departure, the hotel arranged to have their towncar transport us and all our baggage to a corporate Hertz location way the heck on the other side of town (we were going on to Napa and wanted to head out over the Golden Gate Bridge which is why we chose this location). It almost seemed as if we were having a private car tour as we went up and down and all around numerous San Francisco neighborhoods before being deposited directly in front of our destination. Total cost - $30 plus tip. Hard to beat that.All in all, we really enjoyed our stay at the Hotel Vitale. Great location with beautiful views, sleek contemporary look to all the public areas and well-appointed rooms and bathrooms. I do agree with one reviewer's note about lack of drawer and closet space, but as we were only there two short nights, we managed quite well right out of our suitcases with little inconvenience. Every staff member was eager to please and we were always greeted promptly with a smile. We would definitely return.

In need of a makeover! Stayed with my husband and son for two nights for a large convention in early March. We had stayed at this hotel four years ago and swore we would never return, but as we were hosting seven company employees and they were staying here, we thought it appropriate that we stay as well. Not a good choice.I have to say that check in was very efficient given that there were hundreds of other guests trying to check in for an early afternoon meeting in the adjacent convention facilities. Just by the front desk was a display of what seemed to be newly renovated room decor - minature bed with pillows and drawings of new decor. Much to our disappointment, upon reaching our room, these renovations must be happening sometime in the future. Our room was, as my son commented, not much better than an old Holiday Inn off the interstate. Tired room decor, tired bathroom and, hard to believe, a sink in the bedroom! Haven't seen that in ages. There were the usual hotel amenities and the room was rather large by city hotel standards. We had a lovely view of the nearby freeways and office buildings, though to be fair, that seems to be the case for most city hotels. The hotel is huge - I think over 1800 rooms - and housekeeping seems to struggle with the large number of checkouts and checkins each day. After having been out all day (8:00 am to 4:00pm), we returned to find our room had not been refreshed. I don't need my sheets changed daily (here they will change them every three days unless you specify otherwise), but damp towels are a little much for me. We found a housekeeper down the hall and gathered our wet towels and exchanged them for fresh ones. We really didn't need much more, but it was still disappointing to have to do even that.I will say that the valet employees were right on the mark. Our group of ten needed two van taxis to go to dinner one night, and for about the same price, the valet had a limo pull up and take us to dinner. Very nice and a special treat for the employees visiting Dallas for the first time. As our parent company needs large convention style hotels for meetings and convention each year, we seem to be resigned to cities that can accomodate our large numbers - San Diego, Dallas, Orlando, Atlanta, etc. - but we've taken to booking our accomodations separately based on, among other things, TripAdvisor reviews. On our last two visits to Dallas we stayed at the Hilton Anatole (company choice) and Hotel Za Za (reommendation from a relative - loved it!). When we visit Dallas again, and we will for business, I wouldn't stay at the Adams Mark unless the most recent recommendations from other travelers indicate major changes.

Nice experience My husband and I stayed at the Wyndham Anatole for one night for a short business meeting earlier this month. I wasn't exactly looking forward to staying at this hotel based on other TripAdvisor reviews, but I have to say, we were very pleasantly surprised by what we found. First off, we were surprised at the ease with which we left DFW and arrived at the hotel, despite rush hour traffic. From leaving the plane to entering our room was about 35 minutes. The check-in desk was well staffed and our reservation was promptly retrieved. It was less than a minute before we had key in hand and were on our way to the elevator. Our room was on the sixth floor, reached by the bank of elevators just off the reception area. We thought the room was quite nice. It was pretty much what you would expect for a business/convention hotel. The requisite king bed, chair with ottoman, armoire with TV and minibar, work desk with a surprisingly nice ergonomic work chair - however, this room had clearly been recently renovated. Fresh wallpaper, what seemed to be brand spanking new bedspread, curtains, upholstery - right down to the shower curtain in the bathroom that matched the soft goods in the bedroom (truly one of the prettiest shower curtains I've ever seen in a hotel). The bathroom was well appointed with plenty of towels and toiletries, as well as a coffee maker. Lighting was good throughout the room. There seemed to be a vaguely Asian theme in the decor and I particularly liked the shade on the floor lamp (next to the chair and ottoman) and the lamp on the desk, both which I might have chosen for my own home.While my husband attended a morning meeting, I comfortably relaxed in the room with a Do Not Disturb sign on the door and a good book in hand. I was not disturbed by housekeeping, but the constant door slamming of guests from nearby rooms was quite annoying. For the life of me, I don't understand why people can't close doors more quietly in consideration of guests in nearby rooms! I understand that some guests need to leave their rooms early but I don't think every other guest needs to rise when they do. In general, however, this section of the hotel was relatively quiet despite facing an atrium. Though we travel frequently, we wouldn't normally choose to stay at Wyndham hotels. In fact, my only other experience was staying at the Wyndham Rose Hall in Jamaica with my sister and her family over several spring breaks. However, I do belong to the Wyndham By Request program. That program honors guest requests such as bed size, smoking versus non-smoking room, soft or firm pillows, etc. They also provide an amenity of your choice during each stay. In my case, I have always requested a bottle of white wine and a snack selection (usually a small cheese and cracker tray). Sure enough, upon arriving in our room, there was a bottle of white wine on ice and a small round of gouda with crackers. Another benefit of this program is the late checkout (at this hotel 2:00 pm), which has always been honored.My husband's meeting was in another section of the hotel, which he said was quite a hike from our room. A continental breakfast was provided and he thought the selection and quality was, by large meeting standards, quite good. We ate lunch before leaving for the airport in the restaurant just off the reception area. It was relatively quiet that day despite a large gathering in a nearby meeting room. The food was good and the service was prompt and friendly. As an aside, we had dinner with family who live in Dallas at a restaurant named Fuse in downtown, just across the street from the flagship Neiman Marcus store. The food style is Tex-Asian and quite remarkable. Serving sizes are small, but that's to encourage patrons to try many small plates and share many different tastes. If you go, you must request to be seated in the upstairs open air patio, weather permitting (though even on a chilly evening there are patio heaters everywhere). Though it was very quiet on the night we ate there (midweek), I can easily imagine that this is a very lively scene on the weekends.Our previous stay in Dallas was at Hotel ZaZa (which we loved!), but I wouldn't hesitate to recommend the Wyndham Anatole based on this experience.

A solid 4-star hotel My husband and I spent one night at the JW Marriott in Miami last month. The stay was reserved on the Marriott website using Marriott Reward points. This was a very last minute trip (booked on Thursday for Saturday night), so we were willing to consider all Marriott properties in and around downtown Miami or South Beach. This was the property that had availability. By the way, in late January rooms were available starting at over $400 a night. Our stay included the buffet breakfast on Sunday morning and my husband said it was really quite nice. The property is located on Brickell Ave., in the midst of many high rises - both condos and office buildings. I had printed directions to the hotel off of Mapquest and I'm glad I did as it wasn't readily apparent where the entrance to the hotel was. Parking was $27 per night (or $9 per hour - you do the math) and it appeared to us that it was valet only. Valet staff was courteous and quite efficient.The check-in was pretty efficient and the hotel had an accurate record of the points being used for our reservation. The hotel lobby is very spacious and filled with beautiful seating areas. Lots of dark wood and gleaming brass, marble floors. Our room was on the 17th floor, looking out over the city of Miami (which appears to be a city of cranes and partially constructed high rise condos and offices). The room was reasonably large, very light and airy. It had very nice furniture with the lovely new Marriott bedding. Desk with chair (and a computer and keyboard, though we had our own laptop), easy chair, chest with minibar and drawers under a flat screen TV. Bottled water was provided for no charge. The bathroom seemed a bit on the small side, with only a single sink and a combo shower/tub. Plentiful and good quality towels and the type of shower curtain that bows out to give you the feel of more space in the shower. Generous toiletries - be aware that the hairdryer is stored in the closet outside the bathroom. The one odd thing about the bathroom was the open toilet - no closing lid, which I found a bit disconcerting when brushing my teeth at the nearby sink.We were at the hotel such a short time that we didn't have time to use any of their facilities such as the gym or the pool. We did have pre-dinner drinks in Drake's Bar and it was a quiet, very clubby bar in which to wait for family to gather. The single bartender had our table of 6 and another couple to wait on, but seemed to disappear just when we needed something. She was however, very nice and very attentive when she was around.We were able to walk to dinner at a nearby Italian restaurant, though we did notice that there was almost nothing (store, restaurant, bars, etc.) open within the area of the hotel on the weekend. I would assume there would be more during the weekdays, but the area appeared to be virtually deserted on a Saturday. The hotel is not near the beaches or the activity of South Beach or Coconut Grove. This made me think of this more as a business hotel, rather than a place to take the family for a vacation.Lunch on the day of our departure was a bit disappointing, as we ate at the La Terraza Cafe in the hotel and experienced indifferent, extremely slow service. It wasn't busy, so we were a bit puzzled by the inattentiveness of the wait staff. All in all, the JW Marriott Miami served our purpose - a (relatively) free stay on short notice for one night to visit family. For a business hotel, I would say good choice. For a family vacation or to really experience Miami, head out to the water and the beaches. For the rates they charge during our season, I'd consider other options.

Had hoped to be able to write a better review My husband and I spent three nights at the Bostonian purely for a quick getaway. I can't begin to count the number of times we visited Boston between 1990 and 2003. Though we live in Florida, we had children at school in New England or living there during that time, and during fall, winter and spring would travel North as often as every three weeks. We had stayed at the Bostonian on several previous occasions, though not in the last few years.I booked this hotel through the Delta website using SkyMiles for the entire stay, pretty much at the last minute. That the hotel was available without much advance notice might have been a clue that all might not go well.First off, the location of this hotel couldn't be better for exploring Boston. It is located directly across the street from Fanueil Hall and Quincy Market with all the wonderful restaurants and shops just outside the doorstep. The Aquarium and the Waterfront are nearby and the North End is just a short walk away. The Government Center and Haymarket T stops are only a few blocks away, which means you can reach anywhere in the city easily. We didn't have a car and walked everywhere, and I mean everywhere. Boston is a very walkable city, so put on those comfortable shoes and just head out and explore. Follow the Freedom Trail, walk through Beacon Hill, explore Newbury Street and on and on.Upon arrival, checkin was quick and efficient. The hotel staff, every single member we encountered, was terrific and this is the great strength of this hotel. The first room we were shown appeared fine to us, but a quick look out the window and its view of a rooftop full of airconditioning units and the expressway, and we went back down to reception to request another room. The second room was better, though not the king we had requested. We accepted that room and spent the first night there. The room had a queen bed, nice sofa with coffee table, armoire with TV, mini-bar, desk, etc. The decor was kind of Colonial floral. The bathroom was very odd - single sink outside the actual bathroom itself, then a sliding plywood? door to the bath. Another sink, etc. and a large tub/shower (not a jacuzzi type) that was very difficult to enter and exit without a bit of caution. OK toiletries and an adquate supplyof towels. Despite overlooking the farmers market, the room was quiet even in the early morning hours when stands were being set up. We tried to use the internet for business in the morning and it didn't work. At first it was suggested that my husband come down to the lobby (which was wireless), but that wasn't acceptable to us, so they said it would be repaired while we were out. Fair enough.After spending most of the day exploring the city, we returned to our room late in the afternoon to find that is hadn't been made up. We called housekeeping and were told that rooms didn't have to be finished until 5:00 pm. To their credit, a housekeeper arrived 10 minutes later and we left for an hour. Everything was great until we tried to use the internet - still not working. The technician who responded said that he hadn't been able to fix the problem and he would find us another room. Packed and moved to another room and all seemed fine - until we went to turn on the TV. TV could only be viewed from two chairs over by the window and from nowhere else in the room. Called down again - on to room #4. Beautiful king bedded room with a fireplace, spectacular view over the markets, the Custom House, the entire Boston skyline. Still kind of a weird outdated bathroom, but everything works, can see the TV and they will even lay a fire for us in the real working fireplace. Final problem - it was a weekend and the noise outside from 12:30pm until 2:30 am (bar closing time?) was astounding. Learned our last night there that the hotel is under new management and will be undergoing an extensive renovation. Their famous Seasons restaurant will be closing after the holidays for renovations as well. We were actually told that not much has been done for the past 20 years. Whether that is absolutely correct or not, it seemed to fit our experience.I really, really wanted to give this hotel a great review. We have recommended it to friends and family in the past (for gosh sakes, we sent my in-laws here a few years back and they loved it!). The Bostonian has two great pluses going for it - location, location, location, and an outstanding staff, top to bottom. I eagerly look forward to future TA reviews that reflect some positive changes for this hotel.I would absolutely be willing to give the Bostonian another try down the road - I have such great memories of stays there.

Lovely location A great week here with very friendly staff. Rooms could have been a bit larger but outdoor shower was fun. Pool was beautiful but a shortage of places to lay by it without being burnt by the sun - not many sunbeds and very little shade except from the umbrellas which did not produce much shade in the morning. Staff were very helpful in moving the beds around for our winter white skin.The free shuttle bus to Ubud was useful for general shopping. We also hired, via the hotel, a car and driver for the day and had a wonderful time sightseeing at a very reasonable cost.We were there for the Balinese New year and the hotel organised a trip for us to join in the New Year's Eve procession which was great - if you can be in Bali at this time it is something not to be missed!

Great hotel for swimming and lazind Had a wonderful lazy week here, would agree with most of the previous comments - it is a bit far from everything but we had expected that and had booked a week in Ubud to follow.The swimming lagoons were lovely - we had a pool access room but we had an even number room which went into a relatively shallow lagoon. Suggest for better swimming ask for an odd number.Staff were wonderful, we ate in the hotel but also walked along the sea front to the adjacent hotels for some evening meals for a change. You can book it all to your room whichever hotel you decide has the food for you that evening. Very pleasant to walk along the sea front and nobody to hassle you as you choose which hotel and which restaurant. Pretty empty so no need to book in advance but if you do you seem to get special treatment!

Not as much magic as there should be This was our 5th visit to Disneyland Paris with our 5 year old son but the first time at the Disneyland Hotel. We had walked past it on a number of occasions before and went in a few times to be totally bowled over with the beautiful entrance area and staircase. It was absolutely overpriced compared to the other hotels in the area but we were determined to go, saved up and booked . We stayed for 3 nights, 4 days in the parks and travelled with Ryanair to Beauvais and hired a car to get around. We stopped off at a supermarket on our way over and stocked up on water, snacks and fruit - basically everything that costs a fortune in the parks. Arrival and reception at the hotel were very nice, bags whisked away and although our room was not ready we were given our park tickets and told to come back at 3pm. We then headed off for our day in the parks and returned around 6pm when our room was ready. Our room was very nice, very spacious and clean and that's about it really. The minibar was priced so high that we locked it so that none of us accidentally purchased anything. The bathroom was quite small and not what was expected although sufficient. As many others have said the TV in the room has no Disney movies, cartoons etc in English which after a long day out would be lovely to come back to with a tired 5 year old and relax. The aim of Disney though is to make sure you're not in your room but out (spending) in the parks so it's possible that the aim is to make the rooms welcoming but just not too much. Breakfast was just OK (motorway service station standard) if a bit of a bun fight to get to anything. On one of the evenings we ordered room service which again was OK but extortionate. I know the theme in this review is that everything seemed to be very expensive but we already knew this and were quite prepared to accept and enjoy especially as we booked this hotel. The real problem that we had was that it was not any better than other hotels we have stayed in visiting Disney and we were really expecting better. It didn't feel like a kids paradise and really didn't deliver for our 5 year old. The location is great and the staff were very pleasant. We would however not fork out again to stay here although we would return to Disney but would stay elsewhere. The Disneyland Paris Hotel lacked the magic we were looking for and for us the old adage of y'ou get what you pay for' just didn't hold true.

Fantastic Accomodations with great views Thanks to reviews on this site, we chose the Aqua Palms for our first trip to Waikiki Beach April 27 to May 4, 2006. The furnishings and decorating are premium, different, and lovely. The beds are extremely comfortable. We loved our lanai with a view of Diamond Head, as well as the beach [looking between two buildings]. I used the clean laundry facilities. The staff was greatly accomodating. As mentioned in previous reviews, the bathroom and closet are small, but the bathroom is quite elegant. We dined twice at the Walilana Coffee House next door. They have a nice, small salad bar, and the food was excellent and reasonable. There is a Subway and a McDonalds just down the street. If you are budget travelers as we are, you will like Long's Drugs in the Aloa Moana Mall. Go there first for groceries. For souvenirs, we shopped at the Swap Meet, as well as the International Marketplace. We used The Bus extensively for $2.00 each way with a transfer to get back.

Great City Getaway We saw this hotel's Staycation package advertised in the Sacramento Bee and decided to give it a try to celebrate our 45th wedding anniversary. When we checked in I commented that it was a special anniversary celebration and we were upgraded to an Executive King room--a wonderful corner room with two walls of floor to ceiling windows. Loved the city lights at night! The rooms are nicely appointed and very comfortable. The package included valet parking and a daily breakfast buffet for two. The buffet was far nicer than those at most venues--I greatly enjoyed lox and bagels every morning along with a bowl of fresh raspberries, blackberries and blue berries. What a winter treat. The staff was uniformly attentive. The location is quite convenient--very walkable to Union Square attractions, several museums, two multiplex movie theatres, restaurants, shopping, clubs, several live theatres. We trekked to Embarcadero Center--a nice walk. One could even come into the city on the rapid transit Bart train and walk from the Powell Street Station to the hotel. The cost for this package made it a major bargain. We've already recommened the hotel to friends and family.

Fun, Inexpensive Place to enjoy the Civic Center Area Really a fun place to stay. Wonderful restaurant on site. We were probably the oldest guests in residence and dining--but felt welcomed and comfortable. Had some concerns about the noise from the patio bar--but it ended amazingly promptly at around 11 PM! Easy walking (away from the Tenderloin) toward VanNess--multi-screen indie movie theatre nearby--many dining options. We were staying because of promixity to the Federal Building, but will return just for fun. It's also a real bargain and we belong to the Joy of Life affinity club for this small hotel chain, so had a couple of extra goodies thrown in for free.

Excellent Hotel for the right traveller! I read all the reviews before coming, and found them overall good, with a few exceptions I thought I could live with for $65 a night. I booked the 7 night for 5 night special and looked forward to it, cautiously. I was pleasantly suprised. Being a boutique hotel and not a bland and boring chain, it has a small but stylish lobby. Since I'venever once spent time in a hotel lobby while travelling I couldn't care less. What really blew us away was the absolutely perfect location of this hotel. When they say it is 2 blocks from the BART, streetcar and bus, they mean the two tiniest blocks in the world. The trolleys are 1 of those tiny blocks away. It is surrounded by excellent restaurants, coffee shops, and all the shopping and amenities a person could want.It neighbors very expensive hotels and is by far the easiest location for getting to Chinatown, Alcatraz, Fisherman's Wharf, the Castro, Haight, Financial District, and the Mission. There is no better location for a vacation to San Francisco! I love the Fusion and will definately stay here again.The entire hotel underwent an extensive 2 year renovation that completed just last year and it shows. There is beautiful granite everywhere, a very modern elevator with little tv's to watch while youwait (though it never took more than 2 minutes). Our room was tastefuland comfortable with a comfy bed, clean and well lit bathroom with an exhaust fan, and a flat screen TV with a DVD player built in. Our roomwas one of the smallest in the hotel, judging from views of other rooms as we saw them cleaned, and I wished for a dresser instead of a desk, but I did find the furnishings comfortable and nice and I was able to put our suitcase on one of those stands and live out of it. I wouldn't come here expecting a room the size of a football field, but I would expect it to be very nice.The hotel offered a continental breakfast of fruit, toast, coffee, croissants, muffins, milk and juice, and an exercise room we never used. Every room has a fan, ironing board, and iron, fairly affordablesnack bar (that we never used because the Walgreens drugstore was 1/2 a block away), a coffee maker, hair dryer, nice towels, shampoo, conditioner, lotion, and soap. If you are used to staying at bland chains you might find the possiblity of a smaller room in such a greaturban setting odd, otherwise, I woud recommend this hotel for your next trip to San Francisco.As a note too.. the hotel doesn't HAVE air conditioning, so the compaints about it's not working and it's noise are puzzling...check out the weather and maybe avoid the hotel if you require air conditioning in the hottest months of the year.

close to the beach, far from the action I stayed at the Wyndham miami beach for 2 nights with a couple of my friends. It is located close to very chic miami beach resorts which is pretty cool considering the deal you are getting. It is right on the beach and has a nice pool area. I ate lunch at the bar near the pool and the waiters/bartenders were super friendly. The beds in the room were average, but everything else about the room was nice. My few complaints: the noise from the local construction was very distracting and interupted pool-side relaxation; the food is overpriced and since there is nothing within walking distance, you either eat there or take a cab. If you are looking for crazy south beach fun, this is not for you. If you want a hotel out of the way, but close to the beach, i would definitely stay here.

What a steal! The Motel One Alexanderplatz was a steal! It could not be located closer to transit. It was very easy to get to sites and was a happening area at night. Our room faced the street which was a little noisey at times, but the view was great! Our room had everything we needed - beds were so comfortable and the bathroom had everything we needed. Breakfast was included in our rate and was simple. I would definitely recommend this hotel and would stay here again. I don't think you'll find a better deal in Berlin.

Good hotel, lost a star because of the noisy heater and non-working pool The hotel location was perfect, right in the center of town and just a few blocks to the convention center. I walked from here to Pike's Place market for breakfast, then on to the convention center each day of the convention and found it all very convenient. (Try the Crumpet Shop for breakfast, delicious crumpets, and cheap lattes before 8:30am every day!) The hotel room was clean and everyone who worked here was helpful and perfectly friendly. The bed was too comfortable :). The first night I had trouble sleeping though, because the heater would wake me up every couple of hours. By the second night, I learned to tune it out. There is a coffee maker in the room, by the way (I had read somewhere that there was only coffee in the lobby, and this is not true.) There is also a nice little fridge where I stored away spring water for my week. I had a view of the Space Needle without even asking - very nice.Unfortunately, they were working on the pool during my one-week stay, and that was kind of annoying because I had chosen the hotel for their pool. I did get to swim the first night, and it was a nice smallish pool. There was a lukewarm hot tub attached. All in all, though, nice amenities. Would stay again, would recommend for the rates, the location and the comfy rooms.

Prince Conti: Great service, nice rooms, but no coffee If I had to stay in New Orleans again, I'd stay here for the price, the location and the fact that it is very well kept. Can't hear anything from Bourbon street, but did hear the neighbors when they stayed up late partying in their rooms. Not a huge deal. Great, comfortable beds, very nice bathroom, good water pressure, huge towels. Surprisingly luxurious. Except for the no coffee...There is absolutely no coffee in the rooms or in the lobby. We got around that by going out to the convenience store next-door every morning, which opened at 7:30 (a time at which the only people you'll run into in New Orleans are the street cleaners, washing away the stale alcohol from the streets.)The service was fantastic, the front desk clerks were nice and helpful and guided us to some great restaurants (they suggested Olivier's which had yummy, authentic creole food and the best pecan pie I have had to date). Because I was one of the first to arrive for the week, the woman at the front desk gave us one of the best rooms in the hotel, and it was gorgeous and huge!

Savoy, soon to be Hotel California, clean and charming, just no water pressure We found a great deal through travelzoo - $95 per night which included breakfast, and booked directly through the hotel website to get the deal. The good stuff: 1. Breakfast at the hotel is worthwhile *if it is included*. Otherwise, save your $7 and get it someplace like cafe trieste. It was included in our stay and munching on pastries, yogurt, fruit and hardboiled eggs was a wonderful way to start our days with something tasty and get some energy in the morning. 2. Free wine and cheese at 4pm. We took advantage of this every day and it was really yummy. 3. Clean room with hardwood floors, nice decorations, and just a very comfy feel. 4. Very convenient location - a couple blocks from Union Square, in a safe/peopled part of the city. At the Walgreens nearly next door, you can get any needed toiletries and some extra cash (cash back) without the ATM fees. Also, all of the good Thai restaurants are one block away. (I recommend Ar Roi).The not-so-good stuff:1. Water pressure in the bathroom left MUCH to be desired. 2. No coffee maker in the rooms. However, coffee is served in the lobby for free all day long, so that makes up for it. Gotta have my coffee first thing!The good outweighed the bad and I will return to this hotel if I can get the same deal. Note: the hotel is under a name change and will be called the Hotel California in the future. I think this is a good move as the name Savoy isn't all that memorable.

The Drake - Central location in SF, Rooms nice and updated Our recent stay at the Sir Francis Drake was just perfect. The hotel was full of international tourists and wedding guests which was probably because our stay was in mid-August and also because the hotel is central to the touristy area. My husband and I stayed for three nights over a weekend.When I checked into the hotel on Thursday, I told the clerk at the front desk that I absolutely had to have a quiet room. I made it pretty clear that I wouldn't be happy in a room with any noise since I'm a light sleeper and have had trouble at a different hotel. The request was successful :). Our room had only light street noise. I personally do not care about a view and I didn't have one because of my quiet room request.One thing to note about this hotel is the lacking coffee service. There's coffee in the lobby only in the very early morning hours. This worked out for my husband and me because we stayed on Eastern time during our stay, waking up at 5am and going to bed at around 7pm or 8pm. The coffee was usually taken away by 7am or so. My husband conjectured that they might have had a deal with Starbucks which was located off of the lobby. Another thing to note was that the curtains in the room blocked the light from the street incredibly well. It made staying on Eastern time that much easier.The bed was incredible. The room was a bit tight but not by San Francisco standards. The tv stations were lacking; we probably should have brought some DVD's to watch during our down time.

Good standard motel Stayed here at the start end end of our Northwest States tour.Good clean rooms if not a bit 'worn' and perhaps in need of a little updating. Bathrooms very small but clean and adequate.Breakfast included in price- Juice, baguels, toast cereals, and do it yourself waffles. Airport shuttle was good and left on time (runs every half hour) only a few mins from airport.

Great Value view from breakfast table

Let down at the Elizabeth Our family did a 5 day stopover at the Elizabeth, I found the service very poor, on arrival, they nearly checked us into the wrong rooms (with the same surname). Despite having breakfast vouchers from our travel agent, they refused to accept them and stated that when our room was booked it did not state breakfast, so we had to pay for our breakfasts and seek reimbursement from the agents on our return. And to top it off they lost my pajamas!. My white pajamas were left on top of my bed when I returned to my room after breakfast our bed had been made up and I only discovered the loss when I needed them at night. I reported it to reception who appeared uninterested and said they would report it. I never did get my pajamas back. I would not have minded so much if at any point I got any apology or an acknowledgement of the loss but the reception staff appeared unconcerned and unhelpful. They have notices in the bathroom to request that guests do not remove property from the hotel or it will be charged to your account, no reimbursement was given for my pajamas! This is very unfortunate as it is located at a very good spot.

Very nice - but only 1 room (ie not a proper suite) We came to this hotel after a horrible experience at a nearby hotel. We were so relieved to come here! It was lovely, the front desk staff were wonderful, the bell staff came to our taxi and took our luggage to our room. The room was huge and very clean, with wonderful views. My one complaint would be that it was just one room - with 3 small children we were hoping for two rooms (ie bedroom and separate living area), which we expected from a suite. I would called this a studio rather than a suite. It was enormous though with a full kitchen cleverly hidden by folding doors. There were two huge walk-in closets (which could be knocked through and made into a bedroom IMO) and a very nice bathroom. There were two double beds in the room and a nice sofa, TV unit and dining table. Even so there was lots of space left.The breakfast was fine though not brilliant. It was mostly pastries etc given out by a member of staff one at a time - you had to ask. We discovered the nicer items were hidden behind the counter and those in the know asked for them! Very odd. Don't know why it couldn't be self-service - I guess people feel guilty having to ask so eat less! The drinks were self-service though, and there were TVs in the breakfast room, which was an ordinary room basically - but they are so big that the size was adequate.There is a computer next to front desk which guests can use - though it was monopolised by teenagers on instant messenger! Plus there is a guest laundry, though I wouldn't recommend going there alone late at night as it was rather scary - its in a garage-type area.The location of the hotel is great - half a block from a cable car stop (if you can get on one - they were always full when we were there so we had to walk into town and get a streetcar), but its not far and downhill. Later in the day its easier to get a cable car and avoid the hills. We spent most of our time in Fisherman's Wharf, which we much preferred to downtown San Francisco. If we'd have known we'd have found a hotel there! But this hotel was great, and not too expensive for such a big room - just wish it had been a proper suite so we didn't have to creep around once the kids were asleep!

Good but a few problems Checking in was the worst experience of our stay here - the lady we dealt with was truly hideous - though we discovered she was NOT typical of the front desk staff. Everyone else was lovely and in fact apologised for her. But she did put us off at first. The room was great - nice and big, and most importantly for us with 3 children, a separate bedroom with a door! This is why we love Embassy Suites! We are Hilton Hhonors members and were pleased to see a little card in our room welcoming us with our name on, and also noticed that a crib was already in the bedroom which was a nice touch. The room was really quiet despite the fact that this hotel was so noisy! As soon as you opened the door to the room the noise hit you - wow those rooms are well sound-proofed - also the bedrooms are at the back so no worries about getting to sleep anyway. The hotel is basically a large atrium in the center, with a party going on late into the night and teens running around the corridors. I was using the guest laundry until quite late and I couldn't believe how much was going on - but how quiet the room remained during it all! So inside the room was great - but not outside.The breakfast was also great - downstairs in a lovely setting in the atrium, a proper breakfast, no continental rubbish here! Another plus for Embassy Suites.The other thing that really bothered me about the hotel was the lack of a courtesy shuttle bus that was advertised. When we arrived we saw three buses in the car park and one in the driveway, but when we asked to take the bus they said that it was in the garage. I asked about the other buses, they then said there was no driver. The horrid front desk lady was very rude and told me if I wanted to put my kids on a dangerous bus and risk their lives then I was welcome to go ahead. (Goodness knows who would have driven!) The lovely female manager thankfully made up for this, apologised and called the shuttle bus for the Marriot next door to take us to the nearby mall. Every time I asked for the bus there was a problem - so we got taxis because I couldn't handle the arguments - but it was expensive and annoying considering this was one of the reasons we stayed here, and especially considering the number of Embassy Suites buses in the car park not being used.The most important part of our stay - the room - was great - just a shame about the other problems.

Upscale and comfortable We stayed here on our first leg of an Eastern European vacation with my husband and two teens. With two connecting rooms, we were more than comfortable and happy. Hotel is well kept and very modern in style. Buffet breakfast was the best of any location we stayed at. Service top notch. Location near Zoo train station was a plus for getting around to different spots in Berlin. We had an excellent overall visit and would return to this location or other Swissotel properties. I also felt safe and secure and liked the feature that did not allow anyone to enter the elevator without having a key and the elevator would automatically stop only on that floor. For an urban hotel, safety is important to us.

Hotel's apt. across the street The hotel has apt. accomodations across the street in addition to rooms at hotel. Don't stay there. The only space available was one of the apts. which we were told was nice by the staff. Wrong, it was terrible. No telephone, no contact with hotel staff, totally cut off from hotel. Accomodations were a bed and chair with drape thrown over it. We said we can't stay in the room, desk said okay, no charge, then called owner who said we would be charged full rate! Nightmare!

Excellent Service and Great Location Stayed at this hotel pre/post on a cruise out of Venice. The locationis great -- close to the bus terminal for transportation to/from the airport and cruise terminal. (Only needed to carry our luggage acrosstwo bridges.) It's a bit of a walk to the major attractions, but veryclose to the vaparetto stop. On the other hand, the neighborhood isn't nearly as crazy crowded as those nearer to San Marco.The staff couldn't have been nicer. Very friendly and helpful, excellent English. Gave us recommendations for restaurants in the area and good advice on how to get around.The rooms are fairly small, typical of Europe. Three of us were givena small suite in a beautifully renovated annex just down the calle from the main building. It had a bedroom and separate living room with a sofa bed. Perfect for us. (Not a lot of room for luggage, however.)The only problem was the shower in the bathroom which had no bracket for hanging the hose. Rather awkward. The staff assured us this will be fixed soon -- now that the August everything closes down in Italy season is over.All in all, we all enjoyed this hotel very much and highly recommend it.

Average Hotel in a Lovely City (by day!) The Dam Sept 06

This is the place to stay! Hotel David was great! We stayed there with our 2 teenage daughters in a large room with 4 beds. The bathroom was big and very clean. The beds were comfortable and the air conditioning worked very well, which was important when we were there in July! Florence is SO hot in the summer! The hotel itself is lovely and filled with books and games in the lobby, and the grounds are beautiful to sit in in the evenings. The breakfast was a nice assortment of cold items, and there was plenty of coffee and fruit, which we really appreciated.Our girls enjoyed being able to access the free internet, and Hotel David offers each room 10 min of free calling to many countries, which was a bonus for us. We liked having the secure parking for our rental vehicle, as well.We would definitely stay at Hotel David again, should we ever be fortunate enough to return to Florence!

Good location at darling harbour We had a layover in Sydney and chose this hotel right in Darling Harbour. Like most big city hotels it was crowded and bustling with activity. Convenient location for anything on the harbour - ferry, aquarium, restaurants, shopping, sightseeing, etc. The concierge made a great recommendation for dinner - Coast at Cockle Bay Wharf - short walk from the hotel. Absolutely, the best swordfish I have ever had! Restaurant service was excellent too. Hotel was also convenient for an evening ferry to see the Harbour Bridge and Opera House lit up at night.

perfectly sited hotel We stayed for three nights over New Year. Staff were unfailingly helpful even locating a dinner reservation for New Year's Eve which I appreciate is not an easy thing to arrange. We loved the location so very central. rooms clean and well maintained, the shower was an over bath affair but powerful nonethelss.Breakfast was marvellous. The bar staff on the 5th floor were so welcoming and hospitable even went to the trouble of locating the word in a dictionary for us as we striggled with an italian newspaper! We would have loved a river view but I suppose one can't have it all!

A delightful hotel Having tried many and various hotels for a weekend visit, we were offered a spacious room at the Villa Mazarin, slightly more than we really wished to pay, but didnt think we could do better in the time available. I spoke directly with the manager and found him extremely helpful.We were delighted with the accommodation, especially the fact that the room had tea and coffee making equipment, plus a fridge. Bedlinen was beautiful and the enormous towels were a delight. Everything was of very good quality. Staff were very helpful, calling taxis, recommending restaurants etc. We really couldnt fault it.Breakfast is best taken at the cafe below the hotel, friendly and good service, orange, coffee/tea, croissants, all for 6.95 euros. There is a huge choice of places to eat. We liked the nearby Coude Fou in the Bourg Tibourg, a buzzy little wine bar with good food.We would certainly go back to this relaxing and caring hotel.

fabulous stay I would just like to echo all the things everyone else has to say about the Banks Mansion Hotel. I chose the hotel based on the reviews posted on Trip Advisor and would like to thank everyone for their contributions - it was spot on! We had a lovely stay and will definately go back. This is a city that does not sleep! Loads to do, very cosmopolitan, fantastic break.

Loved Sheraton Maria Isabell Hotel!!! The hotel offers the best service I've ever experienced. The waiters remember your name and what you ordered for breakfast. The bed was sooo comfortable, we almost did not want to wake up in the morning. Also beautiful area and views of the Angel of the Independence!! The Concierge is very knowledgeable and gave us tips for sightseeing. Everyone was just great. Strongly recommend it -- We will certainly go back!!

Great location, terrific staff Not only were we very impressed with this hotel, but so were 2 Parisian clients who got great service when they tried to contact me there. Fabulous location - a very short stroll to the Notre Dame, Sainte Chappele, Conciergerie, etc. Very quiet, with efficient attentive staff. Rooms and bathroom small, but well designed and nicely furnished. A real find.

Nice Hotel, Subpar Experience. Sheraton from Ship

GREAT Location! Neat hotel! The view from our room.

A great spot This is a good find. Right in the heart of Madrid, a few steps from Plaza Mayor and a really cheap cab ride from the train station. It has been beautifully renovated and if you feel like climbing the stairs you can see some fascinating old photos of Madrid. The rooms are a nice size and spotless. The bathroom was pretty spacious for big city Europe standards, and like the bedroom very newly redone. The staff were really helpful and very friendly. And there is internet -- albeit overpriced -- in the lobby which is terrifically convenient for those last minute flight checks. We only spent two nights in Madrid and so really haven't gotten the feel of the city fully, but I'm looking forward to staying here again next time. It's hard to get a better deal (76E) in the centre of town.

Perfect Padma! We have just returned from a 10 day stay at the Padma. We stayed in a Delux Chalet - room 571. Beautiful large room, King size bed, flat screen TV and full size bathroom. The shower excellent, large shower head and good flow of water.Breakfast fantastic - something to suit every taste - only complaint was the crispy bacon, just a little too crispy!:)Pool was great, water tempreature perfect and plenty of pool Chairs/beds available, even if you didn't put your towel out before the crack of dawn to reserve one. We only had a couple of meals at the Padma, our preference was to eat out side of the hotel. Two places we would recommend: Posers and Wayan Friend's, both only a short walk on the main road outside the hotel and both had great food at a great price.The staff at the Padma are wonderful, helpful and very friendly.Padma Hotel Bali is a large hotel but with the beautiful grounds doesn't seem so large. It is just across the road from the beach and has beach access. You can walk to Kuta along the beach approximately 20 min. or take a 'Taksi' Would recommed this hotel and will be returning, hopefully in the near future.

Gave it a try Despite some pretty poor reviews, I thought I'd give this hotel a chance after taking advice offered from previous guests. I booked my sister and brother-in-law in for 3 nights(and was with them whenever they were in the room, except at night) in late September, 2004; and unfortunately, the weather was hotter and more humid than usual. The room had an excellent view(#1010-a corner room) of the beach, the park, and Diamond Head. The location is excellent...away from the busiest part of Waikiki, and less than a block from the beach. On the negative side was the air-conditioner. Despite the AC unit being replaced 3 times by new units, it never gave out enough air to cool the room, which I thought was very odd. We closed all the windows, but still no luck. There are lots of windows to open, but with it being so hot, with not much in the way of tradewinds, it was unbareable. They didn't have any fans, which would have helped somewhat. Also, the bed was not comfortable...when you laid on one side, the other side lifted up! All the staff(maintenance, housekeeping, bell desk, etc.)seemed very nice and helpful; but I think the front desk/reception could do with a bit more of the aloha that Hawai'i is known for. I will say the manager was friendly and professional, but wasn't able to correct the AC problem. The pool area was nice and on the 3rd floor...above the street noise. The price was certainly right(found it on-line), but if you don't like being awaken early by the birds, I'd try to find another place(it's right across from the zoo)!

great place for 20-something citydwellers I stayed at the Drake for 2 day, and it really made my weekend memorable. I stayed in room 207 (the crash pad), which was a small but beautiful room. Being someone who lives in a very small studio apartment, I thought they really made GREAT use of the space. On my last night, it was too cold and rainy to go out, so I stayed in and watched a movie and I felt like I was at home. The staff downstairs was very helpful, and were always eager to help gave perfect directions to the airport using the mass transit (which only costs me 2.75 where a cab ride would have been 40-50 dollars).The Hotel is right near the 24 hour streetcar on Queen Street, which is a hotspot for restaurants, galleries, shopping, and near several ZipCars. For the young Carless city-dwellers, this is a perfect location to stay when visiting Toronto!The only 2 reasons I gave it a 4 out of 5 was because I had to pay a cover charge to get into the bar downstairs (Which I thought was a little lame, especially when I'm staying there). Though the room was very quiet, there was a low buzzing hum you could hear and feel during certain times of the night and the morning in bed that made me grateful that I brought my earplugs with me.

A+ in every area! All staff at this hotel are hard working and very helpful. That says a lot. We had an ocean front room (10th floor) nicely decorated very clean. Beds/pillows/towels/bath products good quality. LaVista restaurant on site great food/good service. Friday night seafood buffet worth the $30. Pool/beach area beautiful. Pool towels and chairs plentiful and in good shape. Location of this hotel near many resturants and bus stop. Walgreens just up the street is open 24hours. Safe and refrigerator in room very handy. Casino comps could be better, lost money but had a great time. Consider trying the Radisson up the street, small but fun (they serve sandwiches and soup at the machines)! We were at the Marriott 10 nights and can't say enough about how nice this place is. I think the only downfall is the $14.00/day parking fee if you rent a car. Consider only renting on the days you need to use a car. Hertz is just a few doors is cheaper than the Hertz counter at the hotel. Taxi service available 24 hours.Go to this hotel so you can enjoy the beach and hear the waiter say, Pina Coladas, Strawberry Daquiris, Margaritas, bottled water........

Great Little Place Pool at night

Fun Memories My husband I stayed here for 1 night before departing via LAX for an around-the-world honeymoon trip. We'd actually 1st met at the hotel 10 months earlier during a Peace Corps orientation before heading overseas for volunteer service. So we stayed more for the memory of it being where we first met, but it would be hard not to really enjoy the nice, clean furnishings and very comfortable accomodations.

Wonderful views, great personnel Just spent a week at the Legacy Golf Resort. Although I don't play golf, I enjoyed the view over the golf course to the mountains. Both the grounds and the rooms were in excellent condition. The employees were friendly whenever I saw them and they were helpful when I had a question. I had several meals in the restaurant with friends and everyone praised the food. The location was convenient to the airport, freeways, and shopping. There is a major grocery store nearby to stock up the kitchen--which is complete with full-size appliances including a dishwasher and a clothes washer/dryer. I highly recommend the Legacy Golf Resort for an enjoyable stay in Phoenix.

A room fit for my dog, but that is about it First, let me say that I am a big Westin Hotel fan. I love their heavenly bed and bath products and have always found the customer service to be wonderful. And, the Westin's I have stayed at when traveling with my dog have been amazing. They welcome him with no fees and it's a pretty hassle free experience (my dog is a 60lb Husky/Sheppard Cross). This Westin was pet friendly, and when we arrived they even told us we'd been upgraded. They told us we would be on the starwood preferred guest floor with free apples and water and have some extra space for the dog, and us. Yeah! Good news.When we arrive to our room, we are thrilled with the view. We overlooked the water and had a nice sized room. But here's where the Westin really let me down:1) The carpet in the room was disgusting! Maybe this is their special dog room... but it was gross. Wear your shoes to bed kind of gross. The other Westin's never put us in gross floored rooms just because we had a dog - besides we signed a form saying we'd pay for any damages so there is no need to put us in an icky room just because we have a dog.2) The bathroom floor was dirty...hairy, fuzzy, dirty. The tub had hairs in it too. EW.3) No robes. No amenities except for shampoo, conditioner and soap. No free water that they had talked up...and after talking up the heavenly dog bed that is provided...we never got one.4) In general the room was tired and really needs a redo. But the bed was as comfortable as ever and the view was wonderful. And, we were soooo exhausted when we got to our room at 10:30pm we just made sure the sheets were clean and went to sleep.In the morning when we needed extra time they extended our check out no problem. So... I should have complained, but I also shouldn't have needed to. It's a Westin!! I won't be back and I won't recommend it unless I hear it's been renovated.A few other things you should know:1) Valet charge is $382) Location is FANTASTIC if you want to shop or go to Pike Place Market or just wander downtown Seattle.3) The concierge desk works darn hard to make you happy. I have to give them two thumbs up for their efforts.4) It's tricky to get to... so make sure you have good driving instructions and have the right road to access it from.

One of the best in the world - no complaints for us We ended our two week Australian vacation at the Westin in Sydney and the easiest way to describe it is as icing on a cake. Everything about our stay was perfect. When we checked in at 12, we were escorted right up to our room. While we didn't have a view, we were so grateful to be able to get our room at that early time that we didn't care. The room is nothing short of luxury, with the bathtub being the best and most comfortable tub for one or two to enjoy. The rain showerhead was so good that I want the exact one in my home. The bed was like a cloud. One morning we ordered room service breakfast (by the way, one person full breakfast is enough for 3 people - it was enormous and an amazing value for $38 for room service), and just lounged in their cozy bathrobes. It couldn't have been more peaceful and wonderful.The gym is also fabulous. It is not just a hotel gym, but one that people in Sydney actually sign up for. It has classes, an entire room of cardio equipment and very well stocked weight room. We were incredibly impressed with this gym and can definitely recommend it, even for the biggest fitness buffs.Now, you really don't want to leave your room it's so wonderful, but when you do, you find that you are seconds away from the best shopping in Sydney. It is a 10 minute walk down to the quay, and the ferries where you can explore the beaches and the harbour life. We found the staff to be exceptional, as we had some faxes and important calls. They helped us through all of the business we had to do, as well as our tourist desires. We were sending things to Canada and they even helped us figure out the codes to dial.We don't give 5/5 ratings very often but this one deserved it.

Universal was FAB! We had a 6 night stay in Barcelona for our 1st wedding anniversary and it was fantastic. Barcelona itself is a great city with so much to see and do, but tiring ourselves out all day we were glad to have such a comfortable place to come back to.The people were absolutely lovely and couldnt have done more for us. I advised them of our anniversary when we booked and we received complimentary champagne on arrival which was heavenly once we got to sit and relax. We had some hassles with one of our credit cards and they were a great help to us. Always smiling and wanting to help.The rooms where lovely and clean and spacious enough to sleep or just sit and relax in. The bathroom has everything you need and it was great to be in a place where they think of giving you things like make up remover, shavers and shaving cream and toohbrush and toothpaste. The mini bar is fully stocked but there werent any tea and coffee making facilities and by about day 3 i was hanging for a cup of tea!Down the road are a few adult places so perhaps not a place for a family, although there were a few when we were there and they werent bothered about them.Dont opt for the breakfast as you can get just as good for much cheaper. However ,if you decied to pop in one morning at least you have the option instead of beng locked into it. Its a buffet so you can fill yourself up with as much as you like and there is a great range of things to choose from, but i still dont think 13 Euros worth.....maybe a man could pack a bit more away!The roof top pool is small and tends to feel quite crowded around it however you can cool off and go up another flight of stairs to the solarium if you want to get away from the folk around the pool. Most people forget its there. The beach in Barcelona is disappointing so we were quite happy to have somewhere to go to cool off after exploring during the day. But as it is a small pool this isnt the type of hotel you would choose if you wanted to lay around the pool all day.If you get the metro (the paral-ell stop is right out the front door of the hotel...very handy) up to where the cable car is, on the walk down to it you will pass the public pool and this was the location for the diving and some swimming during the olympics. There is a small entry charge but it will give you so much space to swim about and no crowds, because everyone else is packed onto that awful beach. You also get amazing views of the city from there so take a camera!We had a wonderful steak dinner in the restaurant and if it fits in your budget you should give it a go, but again there are plenty of great places within short walking distances from the hotel. If you do go to Las Ramblas head off the main street for food and drinks as the price will drop dramatically. A 40 Euro bill for 2 sandwiches and 2 beers or a 50 Euro bill for 4 people tapas dinner and drinks, and there are some lovely places just off the beaten track. Also if you fancy a good old burger head straight to the Hard Rock Cafe, not too badly priced and servings so big you will only need a main!!This hotel is in a brilliant location, about a 15-20 min taxi from the airport (15-20 euros), has a metro stop right at its door and you have a lovely stroll down to las rambas. I would definetly return.

loved it! pool area with roof open

Fantastic Hotel Shame about the ending... The Wedding chapel

a hidden gem Booked our stay after reviews on trip advisor and was not disappointed !The hotel is in a great location, with lots of restuarants and cafes in very close proximity.Felt very safe wandering the streets at nite,Los Ramblas a 5 min. stroll away.The hotel is very quaint, filled with olde worlde charm,lots of antique style fittings and furnishings,yes, the rooms are compact, but found the bed very comfortable, and the room and bathroom were spotlessly clean,Staff very helpful, a lovely young man came down to greet us and carried bags upstairs late at nite,Would definitiely return here, very good value for money for the location,But if it is a 5 star hotel with all the bells and whistles you require, this hotel is not for you,Our only complaint was when we were ready to go to the airport!Lovely young lady at reception insisted on calling a cab for us,then she was adamant that she needed to accompany us downstairs to talk to the driver,My partner saw a bank note exchange hands from driver to receptionist??, and when we arrrived at the airport our fare was 10 euros more than our arrival fare??Would suggest you go downstairs and hail your own cab,Only a minor hiccup but dont like to be taken for a ride, so to speak!!

Great hotel Got an amazing price on hotwire for this hotel in century city. Beds and Pillows amazingly comfy. Gym not too overcrowded and really nice for hotel gym. Pool has these great cabanas - the only complaint was that it was a bit crowded. Wished I had time to go to the spa but was out and about too much.Really nice location and although valet always expensive in LA - you pay per day so can come and go as you please.Would definately stay here again!

Excellente! A Late Review The Room

Loved the hotel.. Perfect for what we needed. I loved everything about this hotel. We stayed there for a cheerleading comp. and they bent over backwards to accommodate us. The front desk staff was very friendly and service is very quick. We called down for towels and they had them to our room within 5 mins., may have been less then that. The hotel was conveniently located to where ever we needed to go. The rooms were perfect for what we needed, I did not think they were small at all for a hotel. The beds were super comfy which I loved. This is a more upscale hotel so expect the prices to be higher. I would stay here again in the future.

Great Value I stayed at LS for 6 nights in late November in single w/ shared bath. Everybody knows these rooms are small. And they are...but perfect as a place to rest your head and allow you to spend $ elsewhere. The property is clean and as a solo traveler I felt safe in the neighborhood. Easy walk from Victoria or Pimlico station...Pimlico a much calmer experience. Breakfasts were filling and tasty. Great access to bus, tube, grocery and restaurants. I would stay here again.

Very happy with the Athenaeum My husband and I recently got back from a 3-night stay at the Athenaeum in Florence and overall had a very pleasant experience. We really couldn't have asked for something better in terms of price, location, and comfort. The Athenaeum is a new, boutiquey style hotel on a quite street about a 10 minute walk from the Duomo - location wise it's perfect because while it's very central, you're not surrounded by throngs of tourists the moment you walk out the door. Plus there are several restaurants within walking distance which are great for dinner. The rooms are comfortable, clean, and modern, the bathroom is a bit small but not uncomfortably so and provides all the amenities (bathrobes, slippers, vanity kits, etc.) and, if you get the superior room, they have this great little patio which is perfect for having breakfast or a cappucino in the summer months. Price wise it's very good value for money - we paid 150 euro a night for the superior room including breakfast - definitely a good price for a gorgeous city with overpriced hotels. Our only grip was the breakfast - there was a very meager selection, many of the items weren't fresh, juices were of the canned variety - but given that the difference without breakfast was 10 euro per room you figured you couldn't really lose - even if you just have a cappucino and a croissant. We had read that the hotel restaurant was very good but didn't try it... Also worth mentioning, the hotel has on-site parking for 25 euro a night, yes, pretty pricey, but worth it if you're touring the area by car as free parking is pretty much non-existant. We drove into Florence from Rome airport and found it very convenient.Overall I would definitely recommend the Athenaeum, we had a very good experience, and plan to stay there again next time we're in Florence.

A great deal and nice area For 88 euros a night (double room), this hotel is an excellent value. The lobby isn't very impressive, and we were a bit worried as we headed up to our room, but it was fairly modern, clean and had a nice view down to the road. I had read that the street was a bit noisy, but we found it to be very quiet actually. Slept VERY well. This hotel is also dog-friendly, though there aren't any parks very close by. Secure parking is available in the garage next door for 11 euros a day. Overall, we were very pleased with our pick and would definitely stay there again.

Mostly excellent experience My son (18) and I stayed here the last four nights of our two-week leisure trip to Japan based on Trip Advisor and mostly, we were very pleased.The main negative about the experience is that I thought I had booked a two-bed apt. and it turned out to have only one bed. If I ever return to Japan I will be very careful about beds- it's not always clear in the reservation. They didn't have any 2-beds available, so they provided comforters and extra bed linens, although in the final analysis, my son still had to sleep on the floor 4 nights. Their only other offer was to rent an additional room (on another floor) which was not in my budget.Good things - staff speaks English, in fact most business is conducted in English, location is near Shinjuku subway/train station, rooms are very high tech-we counted 9 control panels to operate everything from intercom to hot water heater, bed was very confortable, huge wall-mounted Sharp HD tv with tons of cable channels ranging from the 24/7 Samurai channel (I LOVED it) , all the Tokyo baseball games, and English language CNN and BBC.Bad things - since it's an apartment and not a hotel, housekeeping only comes twice per week. By Thurs, our apt was in desperate need- rainy season and cramped quarters added to the dirt, Size of apt is extremely small considering there's a kitchen and bathroom in the spaceAbout the Shinjuku area of Tokyo...It's a subcity of skyscrapers and commuters. Very lively but far from the touristy part of Tokyo. Fortunately we had done our sightseeing the first two days of the trip. We were in Tokyo for the second time. So we explored all the dept. stores and liked Takashimaya best. We cooked in the apartment, which allowed us to save. The price of groceries is a lot less than eating out. We also took the train to Akihabara one day. Saw very few westerners which added to our cultural experience of Japan.

Soaking up sun and sand at Ocean Sands! Ocean Blue and Sands Resort was Def a 4 out of 5. I just got back and my husband and I had a lovely time. Please do yourself a favor and don't read the negative reviews but at the same time don't have high expectations either. Remember, this is island life, there will be issues that one is not usually used to if you live in the western world. Food and water is different so eat and drink in moderation, give yourself time to adjust. Understand there will the odd blackout as we had experienced but it added to our adventure and never lasted long. Sometimes water pressure was low so hard to get hot water thru your shower faucet but you would have to have a cold shower which is nice in hot weather but hot water was always available for the tub. It really did not bother us at all, like I said, you just adjust.The resort and staff were friendly and smiling all the time. The odd time the service slacked went it was busy and they are overwelmed, mostly when the local Dominicans come in on the weeked, it is very busy then but adds to the atmosphere!The rooms were beautiful and big. The balcony huge and great views. We were in Villa 7, room 7305, request it if you like. As soon as I arrived I put a big smile to reception and told them I wanted the best room in town!!! Your attitude is important to them too, staff can make or break your stay. He gave us a wondeful room.The food good but lacked a little variety. We loved the general buffet Restaurant the best, more variety and you can sit and chat at your table for as long as you want. At the a la cartes we felt a little more pressured to eat and leave.We took a tour outside to Saona Island, a def must see! We payed 80US per person but well worth the ride. Bring insect repellent if you are doing this tour, lots of sand flies. Overall, an excellent tour.We had a great time overall at Ocean Sands, right now the lobby is under construction so I would book later when that is all done, I am sure it will look lovely. Go and have a great time and remember to keep an open mind and you will have the best time! Also, this hotel is not a singles party palace, more for RnR and for couples and families in my opinion.Ola, enjoy! Please feel free to email with any questions!

Much better than expected! I was worried, having never been to Amsterdam and staying in a lowly rated hotel, but the reviews from the travelers were good. I always trust fellow travelers over travel critics. I was pleasantly surprised when we got there, we got there way before check-in and they held our bags for us so that we didn't have to walk around the city with them and offered us complimentary breakfast even though we weren't checked in yet. The staff was amazingly friendly, everyone was very nice and gave us recommendations of places to go. The rooms were small with a tv, minifridge, and a private bathroom. They had the most amazing windows, I loved sitting on the window sill just watching the city in motion. The free breakfast was great and in a cute little room. The best part was the location. It was within walking distance of most places. If you are looking for a five-star hotel this isn't it, but if you are looking for a clean, safe, convenient, cheap hotel this is the pick!Warning: If stairs are a problem for you, don't stay here. Depending on you floor you will easily be required to climb at least 100 steps if not more.

Not bad for the price We booked this hotel through Hotwire for $92 a night which was a steal in June! This hotel is a basic 3-star hotel... not fancy or anything since it was built probably in the 60's but we didn't have any problems when we got there. We checked in early and our room was already available. We were on our honeymoon and left valuables in the room when we left so just left the DO NOT DISTURB sign on the room so we didn't have to worry about housekeeping or anything. This hotel is super close to shopping and Waikiki Beach is only a couple blocks away. Don't know if I would stay there again but for the price we got, it was a great deal!

Heavenly Parc 55 That's all the can be said. From the customer service to the fluffy beds, heavenly was our experience at Parc 55. The location alone makes visiting San Francisco so accessible, as the BART, the trollies are within one city block, with great restuarants and Union Square within easy walking distance. Everytime I am in San Fran, I will be staying at Parc 55.Note: ask for the highest floor available, the view will be better.

Hot ,noisy, dirty but food is good According the hotel, in the fall season the air conditioning has to be turned off to be ready for winter. Unfortunately the conference participants staying in the hotel were not informed of this fact. The weather was in the 80's during the day and our room was 85+ at night. A few fans were given out but the only window in our suite faced the busy street on the ground floor and had no screen. We requested a room change but were told none were available. Repeated complaints to the front desk resulted in several free meals at the restaurant- which actually was very good and, oddly, airconditioned unlike the rooms. Nothing was done about the room temperature or the screens or the fan which fell out of the open window.A month after our stay there was an expose on Good Morning America of the cleaning practices at this hotel. They showed cleaning staff wiping floors with used towels and then using the same towels to clean drinking glasses. It wasn't that surprising after our stay.

Wish I had believed the bad reviews! We had a suite and adjoing room for the night of New Year's Eve, did not know that there would be a huge party which would shut down all public spaces for hotel guests-no access to bar, restaurant, lobby or pool. Our rooms were at the end of the building with the fire escape right outside. Party goers clattered up and down all night keeping everyone awake. The best part came at 6AM when we were getting ready for the Rose Bowl Parade and found that we had no hot water in any bathroom. Later we discovered there was no hot water in the hotel at all. The hotel is interesting, but only a fool would go back.

loved it. lovely service. almost everybody at the counter speaks perfect english. room was adequate and relatively spacious even though i added an extra bed. i had a view of the tennis court which i didn't make much use of though. the toilet, as with all japanese toilets, was wonderful. i would definitely recommend a stay there if you're in the mood to splurge. =) btw, the female staff there are really strong. they lifted and carried my extremely heavy luggage like it was a piece of cake. heh.

Great Vacation *LOST CAMERA* This was our first trip to Punta Cana it was an awesome vacation. The Grand Palladium Bavaro Resort was great. We stayed from March 20th to April 3rd Spring Break of 2008. The beach was paradise. Just warning everybody that there are a lot of topless women at the beach/pool. The food was good especially the seafood japenese a la carte. One thing you should know is to get chairs early in the morning if you want a spot. The disco was awesome a great way to meet new people. Everything was fine up until my last night when someone stole my camera.. it was horrible. If anyone knows anything about my lost camera please email surfer_babii@hotmail.com, it was a silver nikon coolpix camera on the side it was a bit damaged from being dropped. All i want is the pictures! Other than that, the resort was very nice.

Central Chic Choice Excellent central location - chic minimum in style - fabulous infinity pool with City views - excellent breakfasts. Very comfy beds, bathrobes okay if you are a size 8 or below or don't mind revealing all!I wouldn't recommend the Romantic package - really not worth the extra and the restaurant is not conducive to romance - too sparse! Although the pretty food is okay (international not spanish) - there are much better restaurant in close proximity.Would return and would recommend, bit on the pricey side - but Barcelona is not a cheap place to go.

Montura Madness.......... What is that smell?....I refuse to stay in a vomit room!

Third time and I still love it My Mother and I just spent a week at the Iberostar Bavaro (May 18 - May 25) and loved it! This was our third stay there, which is saying alot since we have never repeated at a resort before. We just keep on coming back every couple of years. We went Go-Go tours for the first time and our only complaint was the flights back and forth on USAirways. Lots of delays and transfers in Charlotte made getting back and forth missrable. USair3000 with Apple Vacations is the best way to get back and forth.We stayed in room 1292 and highly recommend it. Remodled, no smell and very close to the beach. It is a garden view and on the first floor but you are just steps away from the beach. You enter the beach right by the beach bar and there is a foot and body shower right there. The first floor was great for my 75 year old mother. The grounds are as clean and beautiful as ever. You constantly see workers out cleaning, pruning and raking the beach. The only thing not clean about the place are the tourists. For some reason smokers can't seem to get the concept of ashtrays and insisted on putting out their buts in the sand. One lady actually caught her cover up skirt on fire because of careless smoking!We never got to the pool this time because the beach was so peaceful and beautiful. If you are looking for music and action go to the pool. If you are looking for relaxing, snoozing and sunning go to the beach. The sand is great, nothing to step on and hurt bare feet.The water is best in the morning, in the afternoon it got rougher and a little seaweedy. You still could see your feet on the ocean floor at all times.We had great weather. Only one sprinkle and thunderstorm. Nothing really to speak of. It is very hot and humid this time of year but there is a breeze that comes off the ocean that makes it bearable.As repeat stayers we received some extra perks so e-mail the resort ahead of time and let them know you are coming back again. Everyone who works there is friendly and as helpful as can be. They try their hardest to make your stay enjoyable. We never wanted for anything. The lobster salad at the gourmet restaurant is great and I adore the Japanese restaurant. Look for the baby peacocks when you are at the Japanese restaurant. By the end of the week I was ready for home cooking, but all in all, for an all inclusive the food is very good.

Who would have thought As part of an airline crew not expecting to be spending the night in San Juan and then finding out that we had been put up at a Best Western, we felt we had been given a one-two punch!! What a pleasant surprise to find an updated, clean, quiet facility. They have a business center with 4 computers and a printer available at no cost, a fitness center that had enough equipment to satisfy anyone, a pool table and ping pong table and a large room set up with tables and chairs for the complimentary continental breakfast with coffee, espresso, capuccino, tea and juices available till 11:30 pm. In the evening they had alcoholic beverages and sandwiches available at reasonable prices. A pool, hot tub and washing machines and dryers are also available. It was a $10, 10 minute cab ride to the beach. Overall a very pleasant experience. Hotel staff was very cordial and informative.

Wonderful retreat in Florence This lovely hotel provided the perfect quiet retreat when the craziness of Florence became overwhelming! Delightful host Angela was helpful and welcoming, providing great information. Our twin room was HUGE with massive windows, comfortable beds and a great bathroom. Across the river from the main attractions, this is a great brisk 1/2 hour walk or a short bus trip from the Uffizi and other attractions. Our late train from Florence to Paris meant we checked out long before we needed to go, but Angela was very, very gracious in keeping our baggage and even in letting us come back and freshen up in the downstairs washroom before we headed out for the overnight trip. We would recommend this hotel highly! Great facilities, great location and wonderful staff.

Exceeded our Expectations We stayed three nights at the Hilton in Fisherman's Wharf from 10/14-10/17/07. This being my first visit to the area I was torn between staying in Fisherman's Wharf and staying in town. This hotel location was perfect for walking to the activities/restaurants in Fisherman's Wharf, riding the trolly cars to the Ferry Building and in walking distance to the cable-car turnaround. The hotel staff couldn't have been more pleasant and helpful. We found the restaurant to be great for a quick breakfast before a full day of activities. Our room was beautiful and the housekeeping staff did an excellent job keeping our room clean and stocked with all the necessary toiletries. The housekeeping staff even replaced the showerhead after our first day without us even having to request it. We thought the water pressure was just low in effort to save water---the new shower head proved our theory wrong. I would highly recomment this hotel and would definatley stay there again on a future trip.

Some good, some bad, Mostly good! We were at the Majestic Colonial for a week, in early December 2008. We were blown away by the sheer beauty of the resort, the rooms, the beach, the pool and the delicious food. The pictures honestly do the place no justice, its just gorgeous. All of the servers, bell boys, maids, etc. were totally wonderful to us during our trip. We took our toddler along with us, and everyone was so welcoming to him, bringing us high chairs, blowing him kisses, giving him high fives, and we always heard Hola Baby everywhere we went. We, as parents, were thrilled to see the staff interact with our child. We spent a lot of time on the beach, during which we met Denny, the Beach Consierge, who was very helpful, friendly and wonderful. Our party was constantly sending him back to the bar with more orders for more drinks. Each time, he was more than willing to get what we needed and wanted, and we always saw him smiling. In the buffet, we all enjoyed everyone. We had the nicest bus boys, whos name I wish I could remember. He told us about how he had a son close to our son's age, and was so helpful and polite. The maids barely knew English, but always smiled at us and said Hola as we'd walk by, especially to the baby. In every single restuarant, my son made friends who were so wonderful. Even willing to take photos with him, I was so impressed with how kind they were to him, and that they treated him like their own son. The only name I remember is Jinny because he spent a lot of time helping us. I wish I remembered more names becuase all of the staff was so wonderful, and I'd love to thank them all personally. The staff in the mornings at the Buffet were just speldid. Im so greatful to have met such wonderful people.I had a few things that really frustrated me during our stay - some days we had the coffee refilled in our room, other days we didnt. We were there Sunday-Sunday and didn't get a facecloth until Thursday. We had several power outages, and one even made the AC not work for about 36 hours. Also, one day we couldn't shower because the shower was not working at all. We had no hot, or cold water. When I dialed down to ask about it, the front desk staff were not very helpful and basically hung up on. The lights and ac are all hardwired so that they shut off when you leave the room, which was fine - but the alarm clock constantly would reset itself, which was a pain to us. Perhaps that could be on a different line. During our stay, we were there for a wedding. The wedding was beautiful, and gorgeous, and the staff did a lot to make sure it was that way. However, due to a power outage, the reception started almost an hour and a half later than it was supposed to. When 11 pm came around, the night was over, even though the bridge and groom had paid for so many hours, and lost out. I did not think that was fair at all, especially since we were in a private area, and not causing anyone inconvience. The next day, there was a wedding right next to the pool, and they were still partying after midnight, and someone was singing into the microphone, so it was really loud and echoed through the entire resort. I phoned to ask when it would be stopped, and the front desk hung up on me. I continously called back as I had needed a wake up call for the next day, and never did get through. I thought that was horrible of them, and I was very angry about the wedding being so loud and allowed to go so late in a public area, and being hung up on. I was not pleased with the front area staff during the entire trip. The one time we did have a wake up call to get up to leave for an excursion, it was 15 minutes late. The entertainment was great, I loved the shows I did get to see, the bars were amazing, the music was wonderful, the vendors market was a good safe way to shop, the pool was clean, the free programs were amazing. I did the aqua fitness class with a young man, I beleived named Romeo. He was originally from Haiti, thats all I knew about him. He was very involved with the group, had a great sense of humour and was excellent with the participants. I enjoyed everything about the entertainment and things that were offered to the guests.I went off the resort for the Safari tour, and I'd highly recomend that to anyone. It was worth it to see how Dominican life is. Im so thankful that I was at the Majestic Colonial, despite the few problems that we had, we had a great trip, we met a lot of wonderful people, and we as a couple had a great time, as well as our son. We were so happy and comfortable all week, we loved the food, the drinks, the whole atmosphere. I would recomend this resort (and have already) to anyone interested in Punta Cana. My only wish is that the week went on, and on, and on.. and wasnt over already!

Excellent Experience We used this hotel because it was one of the few in Miami that offered free parking while we were on a cruise, and a shuttle to the Port ($14.00) We found it to be an exceptional property. Staff were friendly and helpful. Eddy Luna made our stay especially enjoyable. If you stay here, book your shuttle when you book the room as it is busy with airport traffic as well. As we hate driving in large cities, we ordered pizza for supper. A local pizzeria suggested by Eddy at the front desk brought the best pizza we've had in a long while. There were also re-heatable foods available in the lobby for reasonable prices. The breakfast was more than adequate. The lobby and breakfast room were both large and comfortable. We would definitely use this hotel if we were in the area again.

Wonderful Stay at the Magic Castle The view of the pool from our room door.

Disappointing weekend at Best Western Loyal Inn, Seattle This hotel is on the seedy edge of Seattle. Check in was OK and the desk clerk was helpful with planning a city tour. Upon entering the room my friend and I were barely able to wend our way between the overlarge pieces of furniture and beds. The opening to the dressing room/closet/vanity area was less than 23, located directly off of the entry area to the room. There were a total of nine lamps and wall fixtures, of which only 2 could be lighted. They offer a nice breakfast, included in the price of the room, but the eating area becomes quite messy as the morning passes. There seemed to be a shortage of staff, at least while we were there. It was a big football game weekend and the hotel was at full occupancy. The bed linens were said to be new, but the mattress and box springs were very worn and shabby. The color scheme of the draperies, upholstery and bedding was disconcerting. We wrote a letter to the corporate headquarters detailing our dissatisfaction and received a quasi form letter explaining that they are in the process of redecorating some rooms, so the rooms might have had both old and new furniture in them. No other excuse was given for the lighting problems. This particular room should really not have been offered to guests. Usually Best Western has been quite satisfactory, but this occasion was not up to their advertised standards.

Start Spreading the Muse... We stayed at the Muse a few weeks ago (Feb 08). It was a fantastic experience. The staff was great, the room was spacious (by NY standards) and the bed was very, very comfortable. You cannot beat the location of the hotel - a half block from Times Square and right in the middle of everthing. The price was reasonable (again, by NY standards) and we would return tomorrow if we could.

Great location My husband and I stayed at this hotel in July and found it to be an ideal location for exploring Hollywood and Los Angeles. I have just read a review about unhelpful staff and wish to say that our experience was just the opposite. We too found ourselves in a room facing the wall of the swimming pool. I could not sleep and felt very uncomfortable in this room . On the second morning we asked to be moved. The staff could not have been more understanding and helpful. We were able to move immediately. Having said this I could not have stayed another night in this basement room. It should be made clear when booking that the rooms are inferior but the staff are not to blame. By the sound of it this is probably common occurance! Breakfast was a plaesant experience with the food continually being freshly topped up by a lovely lady who seamed to be running it on her own. All in all out stay here was very good and we would definately return just making sure we dont have a pool wall view!!!!

good location Stayed here for 3 nights in July. Hotel is clean and welcoming and extremly well situated but I have to agree with reviewer who complained about the expensive parking charge and the fiasco over breakfast. Although as usual the breakfast is included the room rate was expensive compared to other Holiday Inn Express hotels we have stayed in. The breakfast area was packed out and often nowhere to sit. Many peopel looked around and then had to take breakfast back to their room.Staff seemed to find it difficult to keep the shelves stocked and we were left disappointed with the remaining choice. Because this is a very large, busy hotel perhaps a bit more thought needs to be given to the layout of the breakfast area- moving toastersetc..Overall I would still recommend thsi hotel as the situation was excellent and the majority of staff extremely helpful.

Great romantic stay My husband and I stayed a night at this hotel Saturday, Feb 18th. We purchased their romance package which included Champagne and chocolates at check-in, breakfast in bed and a late checkout. We could have checked out as late as 2pm. The front desk was great for check-in, quickly answering all questions and the valet service was very quick upon entering and exiting. The room was clean and roomy, king size bed with sofa, chair and coffee table. We enjoyed the little extras in the club room: robes, lighted vanity mirror, in room tea and coffee, and shoe buffer (even a scale in the bathroom, but I avoided it). Our only complaint about the room was the lumpy pillows. The loud bachelorette party coming through the hall at 2:30 didn't even bother me because a year and a half ago I was the bride at one of those loud bachelorette parties staying in a suite at the Handlery.The location of this hotel is great. Very close to shopping, one block from Union Square. We walked most places or caught a cab right out front. Enjoy your stay.

Great Service for a Great Price We arrived late Wed. night for the St Patrick's Day celebration. It was freezing cold , us being from LA, and we didnt know what to expect of the hotel. But when we arrived the staff was very friendly and made us feel really comfortable. This hotel is perfect for business travel, excellent for families, and for a couple of single girls like us ready to party! We felt very safe and the surrounding neighborhood was safe as well. We recommend visiting the Olympic Diner around the corner for food any time and most places deliver so ask the front desk for menus. We booked the Double Double Room with 2 double beds, 1 bath, and a small area with a sink, microwave, fridge , and coffee maker. We have stayed at other hotels in NY and were impressed with the room size. It was 3 of us in a room but with 4 it still would have been comfy. Book this place and you will get oyur money's worth.

Wasnt that bad... There were some things I found charming about this hotel and some that I found could have used some improvement. Overall, my experience wasnt bad. Let's start with the pro's: 2 blocks from Union Square, good sized bathroom with whirpool jet baths, small clean kitchen area in suites with utensils and stove, free internet in the lobby, continental breakfast, front desk was very helpful @ helping me find a number of eateries and directions to places. Cons: sketchy part of town (Dont walk around at night alone, day is ok just stick to Post St and the areas surrounding Union Square), Carpet needed cleaning. I had a comfy stay at the Beresford Arms and people who arent too picky would enjoy it as well.

Very convenient Very, very convenient to all of the theaters, so it was a perfect location for seeing three shows in 4 days. The staff is very friendly and the rooms are spacious in comparison to most NYC rooms. Even though you are in the center of Times Square activities, it was not too noisy to sleep.

A friendly place to stay This small hotel on the historic register is within easy walking distance for all you want to see in the French Quarter. Our three rooms were on the low end, price-wise, and a bit smaller than some others we saw. But they were perfectly adequate.Everyone on the staff went above and beyond to help us with the usual tourist questions, suggesting restaurants and making reservations, and immediately getting us whatever we needed for our rooms. They pointed out the grocery store with a deli just down the street, which was nice for picking up beer and snacks for a respite on the patio outside our rooms.Arrive early enough, and you can get a parking space in the hotel lot, which is a real plus in NO.Our only complaints would be that the pillows were too high/big and sometimes the hot water was slow in arriving (typical of an older building).We would return here!

Good hotel despite small rooms Door to the tiny bathroom

Excellent junior suite stay Fashion room book shelf

No big complaints but no charm View of Coit Tower from Grand Hyatt hotel room window.

Well deserving of top ratings reception area after a delivery was made by boat

Clean rooms but problems Arrived on a Sunday no welcolm from reception only we had booked would have turned round and walked straight back out.Room and en-suite were a decent size very clean the beds were fine.Noise was loud both people and traffic, could not have the windows open.Room was cleaned throughly everydayBreakfast was very good compared to others places we have stayed and plenty of it,the only down fall was if you arrived after 8-oclock the food was cold apart from the toast which you do yourself.The majority of the staff are unhelpful and unfriendly.Where ever you are WATCH OUT for the bag snatch from the back of the chair that is a popular one the estiblishment won't call the police as they don't want the publicity.Only had one evening meal in the resturant overpriced,long wait and unhappy staff.The hotel has a luggage room which is handy if you have a late flight there is no charge, all bags are locked up and are safe.

Great stay! This hotel is a great value in Seattle. My husband and I were there for a wedding in June of 2007. We had original plans to stay at the Warwick. We were meeting my in laws and they had already checked into the Warwick and hated it. They found the Silver Cloud in Capital Hill. The public transportation (bus stop) is right at the corner of the hotel so it was really easy to get to shopping and Pike Place. When we checked in, the hotel did not have a standard room with a king bed so they upgraded us at no charge to the corner suite. It had a jacuzzi tub with a fireplace! Wonderful! The staff was very nice and helpful. They even called to place our dinner reservations. There is a complimentary breakfast every morning in the restaurant- delicious! Highly recommend this hotel and would stay there again in the future.

Not too bad We stayed at this hotel courtesy of Lufthansa. We were probably on the same flight with the people who left the past two reviews. I was a little nervous when Lufthansa booked us at this hotel, but was pleasantly suprised. It was only for one night. The hotel was nice and clean. The beds were comfortable with the bathrooms being spacious. The staff was nice, but the restaurant and pub staff were a little unfriendly.

Not what it used to be I have been to the Grove Isle 3 or 4 times. It started out as a luxury hotel.I loved the rooms, the staff, and the overall ambience of the property.This year, as in past years , my husband took me there for 2 nights for my birthday. They seemed to have changed their clientele from couples to families.At the pool, there was children screaming and running(with no supervision at all).Even when we went to the small beach that says ADULTS ONLY!-THERE WERE KIDS.I did tell the staff about it, but they didnt seem concerned. I still love Baleen, that is still very good food, and a really great vibe.We were there when Miami Spice was available(where you can get a 3 course dinner for a fraction of the cost normally.I told people about it that we met at the bar,but when we were seated, I had to ask the waiter for that special menu, as did the out of state couple who we met.If the hotel has changed its atmosphere and the people they want to attract, they can't bill itself as a romantic getaway.Unless your idea of a romantic weekend is a pool full of kids.I couldnt even speak to my husband without yelling.I love my own kids, but sometimes when you want to get away from it all-there is a time and place.I do hope they go back to the hotel I once loved.I'm sure there are other hotels around that fit my bill

Great Family Hotel We stayed at the Residence Inn/Lake Union for three days at the start of a week's vacation in Washington. The hotel is very nice, clean and the staff is exceptional. Our room had living, full kitchen, king bed and small bath. The balcony overlooked the harbor and we could see the Space Needle through the trees. Hotel was quiet, even though it seemed fairly full of families and business travelers. Morning breakfasts have something for everyone, including eggs, sausage, waffles, pastries, cereals, and several types of breads to toast. Coffee is always available in the lobby. Hotel has a FREE shuttle to both Space Needle and downtown. We used it for drop off and pick up every day and never had a problem. Staff was very helpful and always on time. Desk staff was great at suggesting eating places. We enjoyed outside harbor-view dining with wonderful food at Dukes. (Kid's menu, too) And, the Italian family-style Buca di Beppo is only a couple blocks up the street and an easy walk. We did a seaplane tour with a smaller company (within walking distance) just to the right of Blue Moon Bistro. Also, enjoyed the Argosy tour through the locks - they are located in Union Lake Harbor, as well. We would certainly recommend this as a great place to stay if you are trying to avoid the high cost of downtown hotels.

Friendly staff Gardens/Pool from Balcony

Depressing grotty hotel The peeling plaster and wallpaper in the bathroom

Great expectations, awesome time! We stayed for ten nights at the Excellence Punta Cana for our honeymoon and enjoyed every second there!The ride to the hotel is long, but fun since you see lots of interesting things (tourists on buggies, four people on a tiny motorbike...). When we arrived we didn't get the towels or champagne, but got checked in within 10 minutes. Upon arrival we were already amazed by the beauty of the hotel and its gardens. It took quite long to receive the luggage, but after unpacking we got ready for dinner and got into a romantic mode right away. This hotel is sooooo romantic, dimmed lights, couples seats at the beach to watch the sunset, queen size beds on the beach and the pool...! We were blown away!ROOM:Great, really big with an open bathroom incl. Jacuzzi tub next to the bed (seperate shower/toilet room though). Big four poster king bed, stocked up mini bar (beer, soft drinks). Small safe to keep money and passports etc., robes, slippers and a huge amount of bathroom goodies (even a razor). Big TV and DVD player. We got the Junior suite Garden View which is their cheapest room and it was soooo great! I can recommend it!FOOD: We loved the food! Breakfast was sooo delicious, especially the Smoothies. There is everything you would ever want for breakfast, even Bloody Mary ingredients and Champagne. Never had a better breakfast buffet!There were basically two options for lunch: The Grill which we liked (try the Grouper sandwich YUM) or the Buffet which had Sushi, which was really good and Pasta, Pizza and Salads, Soups and so on. There were also BBQs at the beach which we never went to...Otherwise snacks were served at the pool and beach (sandwiches, pizza, nachos, burgers....)At night you could choose from 7 restaurants. We tried five, since we don't eat meat or seafood (Lobster House and The Grill were out). Spice is great! I would not recommend the Sashimi since they don't know how to cut the fish right...but everything else was great! Try the fish soup and the chili fish dish...!Barcelona was amazing too. They have a to die for fish Carpaccio and the fish in salt crust is delicious too! It is the most romantic place and they have players going around and playing for you! Chez Isabelle is definitly one of the best places and as good as any higher priced restaurant in the States! I recommend the fish tartar and the Portobello Mushroom appetizer and the Sea Bass as main course! Have the cheese platter before dessert, just because it feels so sophisticated and tastes great!Toscana is great too, they have Italian dishes which were really enjoyable. The Gnocci are really, really good!!! Agave was the only place we didn't like to much and I got sick afterwards, In general we don't like Mexican food to begin with, so we should have stayed clear, but if you like Mexican food it should be fine.All bars are amazing and all drinks were great! Loved the Coco Loco and all Martinis they made. Waiting 90 minutes for Chez Isabelle was so much fun at the Martini bar! I could go on and on about this place...I would just repeat what everybody else wrote! It is an adult only place, so you will see women without tops and they have a free porn channel (nobody ever mentioned that...).My advise to future Excellence guests: 1. Don't get Excellence Club, it is not worth the higher amount of money SERIOUSLY!2. Try different kinds of dishes than you would normally eat , go with the fish dish instead of the steak! They know how to prepare good fish and you are on vacation!3. Drink- a lot- it's fun to try different cocktails!!!4. Don't forget medication and sunscreen, the pharmacy is a rip off!5. Don't mess with the parrots they bite and love to destroy sunglasses, necklaces, bracelets....(one woman got her brand new Chanel sunglasses clipped OUCH)6. Play!!!7. HAVE FUN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Beautiful! This hotel was beautiful! But don't ever stay there on September 30th! Every year on that day the hotel shuts off the air conditioning and all restaurants are closed. The hotel did have a beach party with food and alcohol. We complained about this to the manager and received a gift cert for the spa which was very nice. I would definately go back to this hotel, but not on Sept 30! If you go, you must go to the pool bar(wet bar) and visit Victor. If you see Victor, you must sample the Mammawanna. It gets squirted right into your mouth! You can get it in a cup if you choose. Every day at the pool by the bar, there are activities at 4pm. Very fun! The beach was beautiful! Best I've seen, so far. Rooms were nice. Food was ok, not the greatest except for the Japanese restaurant. You must make reservations at the Japanese restaurant! Very good food. I had the salmon and shrimp and it was awesome! All the employees were sooooo nice, especially Anna and Eddie. The dico plays Dominican music but if you write down an American song the DJ will go online and pull up the song and play it.

Better than ever I surprised my husband with a trip to NYC as a pre-Christmas present. He knew nothing about the trip until we arrived at the airport. I decided early on to stay at the Mela again as our last trip in April was a wonderful experience. This trip they outdid themselves. We were greeted by John Paul who remembered us from our previous trip, making us feel like we were visiting old friends. We received an upgrade when the ever friendly Megan checked us in and our room was spectacular. I worked with Freddie on my reservation as I wanted everything prepaid prior to our trip, since it was a gift for my husband. He was delightful to work with and I was a bit disappointed he wasn't at the front desk when we checked in. He called our room 15 minutes after we settled in and I told him we were heading out and would make sure to stop and see him as he wanted to know how my husband took the surprise. Imagine that, someone at a hotel that really cares. My husband was thrilled we were once again booked at Hotel Mela. It's a hotel where the entire staff is genuine, friendly and fun to be around. We won't stay anywhere else when going to NYC.

The Tower Beverly Hills was a delight! From the first time we stepped out of our car to the last time we climbed in to leave to go home, our stay at the Tower Beverly Hills was a delight. The entire staff was friendly, helpful and made our stay even more enjoyable. Kudo's to Reggie at the front desk, he was just the nicest and most welcoming person and started our trip to Los Angeles off perfect. If we had any questions or needed anything he took care of it right away. The valet's never put us in our car without first asking if we needed directions. The room was decorated in a very warm and elegant design, the bed was devine and the entire room and bathroom just felt clean and smelled good. We had a fantastic view of Beverly Hills and the location was perfect. We will definitely come back to the Tower and next time bring our dog, they are pet friendly! Thank you Tower Beverly Hills for making our trip a wonderful experience!

The Magic Castle is Magic!! We loved this little hotel! From the first experience with the front desk to the last good-bye as we drove out of the secured parking lot, this was just the most pleasant experience. The French lemonade that was served as we checked in was a delightful way to begin our stay, and it only got better after that. Any problems were addressed immediately and with a smile. Directions were very good and a map was printed off when needed. It is not the fanciest or the largest, but it is just a wonderful, fun and clean place to stay while in Hollywood. In fact, you would never know you were only two blocks from one of the busiest streets in LA, it was so quiet and peaceful. We will definitely be returning to the Magic Castle!

Great! We stayed at the Hotel Metro between 19th and 23rd December and had a great time. After reading the reviews here we asked for a room on one of the higher floors and we were given a room on the 9th floor which was very quiet. Clean, comfortable room, no bath but that didn't matter. Hotel staff were very helpful, gave us maps of New York and advised us about trains etcThe free 24hr coffee is very welcome, breakfast great. We'd told the hotel we were in New York to celebrate our 4th wedding anniversary and champagne and chocolates were waiting for us in our room when we arrived.We had a wonderful time in New York and would stay here again!

Great! Wonderful room, we stayed for 3 nights. Great kitchen area, dining table, sofa, 2 chairs, comfortable bed and bathroom. All very clean, staff great and we could see the CN Tower from our window. No problems getting around, we walked to most places and also had a pass for the hop on hop off bus. Breakfast was great, especially the option to take it back to your room. The lemonade available in the lobby area each afternoon was also very welcome after a day of walking. Would stay here again!

Loved this hotel Stayed here for one night, this is a great hotel with very large rooms, comfy beds,friendly staff and near to many sights in Berlin, the best hotel we've stayed at in Europe, pity it was only for one night I would definitely recommend the Mercure.

Fantastic Hotel This was my first trip to Florence and most of the hotels that I viewed online seemed a little dated, so I was initially attracted to the fact that San Gallo was fairly new, breakfast was included and the website was attractive. I was celebrating my 40th birthday and the staff could not have been more helpful and pleasant in suggesting options (we plumped for a day trip to San Gimnignano Siena - very good and arranged via the hotel in nanoseconds). Despite our plane landing an hour late, our hotel shuttle was waiting for us right outside arrivals. The room was spotless and a free pillow menu meant we could order our respective types of pillows (I'm a down girl - he's a firm man) to ensure that we slept like babies every night. A free welcome drink in the bar was offered and we chose to eat in one night which proved excellent also. Very good breakfast served until 10.30 with full English Continental on offer. Good online access and a 15 minute walk to the Duomo Uffizi means that this ticks every box. Bravo!

Quiet, excellent hotel My husband and I stayed at the Changi Village Hotel one night outward to India and upon our return for one night. Both times we were greeted by the friendly welcoming staff who made us feel very much 'at home'. Even to the point that on our return to the hotel three weeks after the first visit one of the staff at the door said welcome back!!The hotel is in a pleasant and very quiet location and we appreciated the courtesy bus to and fro the airport plus the courtesy bus to Orchard Road for shopping. The rooms were spacious and very comfortable. All in all a very happy stay and we shall certainly return.

Great hotel, beautiful decor and most convenient location Despite the beautiful fall weather in Madrid, the quality this hotel offers can stand on its own. Vincci Soho is very well located on the cusp of Bourbon Madrid and Historic Old Madrid, a stone throw away from Plaza Santa Anna. It is chic, with quite a number of lounge areas, each of which uniquely decorated to enhance the contemporary and minimalist feel of the hotel. The rooms are large, with thoughtful decor, not overwhelming, but just the right amount of touch. Amenities were plentiful, and our floor window opened to a narrow local street, giving a feel of authentic Spanish living. The breakfast buffet was very original with an emphasis on local flavors and a wide selection of fruits and juices, far better than the ones we got from some of the Paradores we stayed at. I would highly recommend Vincci Soho to anyone who ventures into Madrid.

fantastic excellent bargain fab location friendly staff clean tidy Booked this hotel through last minute.com, arrived into New York and got a cab to the hotel took about 30 minutes.Greeted on arrival with ice teas and got straight up to our room,we booked a studio suite as there were 4 of us going only 3 came in the end.Walked in to a large open spacious room 2 huge queen beds, large desk and tv with chairs and side table.Lovely kitchen with a mini bar if you wanted to use it we just filled up the fridge with stuff from the corner shop.Bathroom was a great size with all sorts of stuff in the bathroom for you to use, coffee making facilities in the kitchen washing up liquid,cloths,tea towels all provided.Safe located in the wardrobe at no extra cost, iron, ironing board coat hangers lots of wardrobe and drawer space more than enough room for 3 of us.Lots of towels changed daily fab shower and bath too.Hotel lobby small but intimate with lots of sofas and coffee in the morning.Restaurant next door the barking dog did excellent food and sooo cheap too really good and you could have room service from them too.Located right by everything only 3 blocks too empire state building and 4 blocks to macys and victorias secret great amazing location for the price this hotel is a bargain.We decided too book a town car for getting back to the airport we left it kind of last minute we booked it the thursday night at 9pm but we were leaving the following morning at 4.30 am so only 7 hours notice it was $65 agreed over the phone and when it pulled up we got a huge white limo amazing great way to end the holiday.Staff couldnt do enough to help it was amazing and we will without a doubt be going back to this hotel.Thanks affinia dumont for making our holiday!!!!!

Good location I booked this hotel as a surprise for my partners 50th birthday.Our first impression was that it was a bit old and lacked atmosphere but in actual fact the rooms were clean and comfortable and the location was ideal for all the sights and the train station which we needed when we went on a day trip to Pisa and Siena.The open air roof top restaurant was a delight and we ate there one evening overlooking Florence - the temperature was warm and the subtle lighting and flowers were beautiful.Our only complaint would be the hotel staff who were unhelpful and rude which is such a shame as from reading the other reviews we are not the only guests with this opinion.

Loved this hotel We loved this hotel. We had requested a king bed, but at check in were originally given a room with 2 double beds. As soon as I asked about a king bed, we were immediately moved into a room that had one. Our room was excellent. The location is fantastic and we had NO problems with the elevators at all. We found them to be very efficient. We never ate at any of the restaurants in the hotel, but did have a drink in the revolving one and really enjoyed the experience. Yes, it's expensive, but it's New York!

Great Hotel! The view from our balcony - 15th floor, oceanview

great hotel We have just had two night stay at the swissotel in Sydney,great experience,very welcoming concierge and reception staff.The rooms were lovely,quite large and very clean.Buffet breakfast was enjoyable with large variety,also room service meal was great.Will be back.! SLand B. Tassie

Great Hotel Positives: I had an overall pleasant experience at this hotel. The staff were all very friendly and accomodating. The room was clean and a decent size for a hotel located in midtown Manhattan. Another plus was that the room contained a minifridge and other amenities. Negatives: Wireless was $10 per day (which isn't really that bad), but I've received free wireless at other hotels. The elevator was very tight, and made me feel very claustrophobic. I had a problem coming down from my room on the 11th floor, as it stopped on almost nearly all floors below it and picked up a large amount of people to bring down to the main level.

Client Service I have not stayed at this hotel, but had a client who stayed there recently and had left some personal articles. She had departed the city when she found out about the articles, but knew someone staying at a nearby hotel. I called the front desk and asked who could help me. The desk clerk, Harold, transferred me to the Manager of Housekeeping and I left a message for a callback. I had not received one so at the end of the day I called back again and spoke to Harold. He was very concerned that I speak to someone who could help me so he contacted a live person - the Asst. Manager of Housekeeping, Josie. He apologized profusely for keeping me on hold for only a few moments. Josie was amazingly helpful. She got a messenger service to deal with the articles and I needed to call her back with a credit card number. She said she'd be waiting for my callback and she was!! 20 minutes later!! She greeted me with...I told you I'd be here waiting for your call. I was amazed at the service as there was no rudeness, no sighs because I was asking something out of the way - only HOW CAN WE SERVE YOU! When I'm next in New York, this is the hotel I will be staying at!!

Great hotel with an awesome view This hotel was in a very convenient location to transportation. We left the CDG airport via Air France Bus which stops right outside the hotel across the street. The Metro is also right across the street. We stayed in room 507 based on another review we read here and we loved it. The room was nicely decorated. We slept with the balcony doors open for the cool breeze and it was relatively quiet, except for the occasional ambulance passing by. The view of the ARC was awesome! When I stood outside on the balcony I felt like I was looking at a painting. There was even a balcony in the bathroom although you could not see the Arc from this balcony. The room and bathroom both were large for Europe standards and they were very clean. Staff are very friendly and efficient. I will definetly stay at this hotel on my next visit to Paris.

Excellent value for money, would definitely stay again! I booked the Mediteraranean Inn hoping for a clean, safe and friendly place to stay, which is exactly what I got. The rooms are large and well-equipped, even having microwaves and fridges, which is always useful. The free internet in the lobby was fab, as was the on-site Starbucks.As for location, as a young female travelling alone I felt very safe going out at night, and there are plenty of shops and restaurants nearby. It's about a 20-minute walk into downtown Seattle but only 5-minutes from the Seattle Centre and Space Needle where there's a metro located for anyone not fancying the stroll.My only real complaint with the hotel was their refusal to accept my Maestro debit card - i didn't realise that in the US debit cards are accepted in very few places, and that a maestro card is virtually unheard of. Just in-case anyone out there is as oblivious as me...take a credit card or at the very least a visa debit with you before setting foot in the US!!

Real Paris (i think?) I am definetely going back to Hotel France Albion!!! I stayed in a standard double with my boyfriend for 3 nights in Oct 2008. The room itself was basic but comfortable however the main drawcard was the location.It's convenient enough to the main sights (5 min walk to metro or if you're energetic you can walk to the lourve) but also away from all the tourists so you feel like you're really in the heart of parisian life. One street over there are fantastic bakeries fruit markets for a cheap eat. Plus you can walk up the hill to Abbesses where there are some funky cafes shops. The room itself had a comfy bed, double glazed windows (we had no probs with noise), ensuite bathroom, tv. By no means luxurious... but very practical.We really enjoyed our stay I would totally recommend it.

Great Location, Great Price Great location - one block from the Government Towers and 15mins walk to Shinjuku station. The surrounding area is safe and quiet. Our triple room was clean and spacious. Hotel staff were friendly and helpful. This is a great place to stay in Shinjuku.

lovely Just got back from staying 8 nights at the Maestri. We stayed in the 1 bedrm aprt and was really pleased with it. It was very spacious, clean and had everything you need. There wasn't much of a view though.There was a small indoor pool and a gym on the bround floor. It is a 5min walk to Darling Habour and a 15-20 min walk to Circular Quay.Thought the apartments were good value too.

not up to par We stayed 4 nights The hotel is in a great location. The doorman is a little scuffy. we were impressed with the public areas.we checked in and found the room nice no but no view whatsoever...we waited and hour and a half for our bags and we were very upset as I needed them. While we waited we discovered the light was falling off the wall and the music speaker was malfuntioning...they did not have an iron in the room and the one they had was in use...unexcusable for this expense!! They did fix all the problems promptly and I feel that the problems at this hotel are the managements fault.. there is no pool or hot tub either....as others have said all inquires seemed to be an annoyance for them. service is indeed spotty..the food was just OK not really up to Westin standards...the ritz is across the street ...the Westin needs to take an interest in upgradeing this hotel

As 4 seasons go just average bathroom

All Round Good Hotel! Unbeatable Location!! A girlfriend and I booked a weekend away and chose the Marriot when our first choice in a hotel turned out to be unsuitable. We were not dissapointed.Having been to Sydney many many times, the hotel is in an unbeatable location. Within 50M walking distance is Circular Quay, which will give you access to ferries all over the harbour, as well as Manly and the North Shore. The Circular Quay train station is also 50M away and will give any keen tourist access to the rail network.We were pleased to be able to walk down to the bars and have a nice drink. On Sunday we also ventured to the markets, and though heavily geared towards non Australian tourists, they were nice to wander through and probably an easy 500-600Metres walk from the hotel.The package we received included valet parking, and upon arrival we were greeted and the car was quickly taken away. A big relief that we didn't have to navigate a parking garage ourselves.The staff were lovely, and we were given a room, as requested, with 2 double beds. The room was tastefully decorated, and very clean. The bathroom was very clean also with lots of space. A nice treat when 2 women are travelling together. There was also a small desk and lounge chair.A buffet breakfast was also included the next day and it was lovely. 1 of the best i have had. Espresso coffee/ hot chocolates / lattes were included. This is very rare. Champagne was also available and included. A pancake, omlette and egg chef was also on hand, and plenty of everything. There was however a long line when we were leaving, so probably best to get there before 10.30 am on a Sunday morning.We also sampled room service when we got home after a few drinks and though a little pricey, it was absolutely beautiful and delivered very quickly. In fact, they have a policy that if it isn't delivered in 45 minutes it's free.Overall, a great hotel in an awesome location. We will definitely stay again and reccommend to our friends.

Take earplugs! We booked this hotel as it was offering a great rate for a one night stay. As we were only in Seattle for one night for a football game, it seemed logical to stay at Holiday Inn, SeaTac. Next time, I'll just spend the extra cash and stay somewhere else. Another reviewer has already mentioned the inept check-in staff. I would absolutely agree. The room I was given was supposed to be non-smoking. It absolutely REEKED of cigarette smoke. I was given another room 2 doors up which had no such smell but did not offer the same Priority Club benefits as the previous room (not sure why this was, as it was never explained). Another reviewer also mentioned the paper thin walls. Agreed! Our new room was opposite the ice machine. Oh my Lord I could hear every single cube of ice ALL night, and I am a pretty heavy sleeper. The bed and pillow were comfortable, shame I couldn't get to sleep on them!Bathroom was very small, and the room perfectly functional. The airport transfer was fast and efficient. I didn't stay for breakfast so I have no idea of the restaurant quality. Overall, this hotel was OK, but I am certain that other hotels in the area would offer better value, comfort and service.

Fantastic Holiday We thoroughly enjoyed our two week stay at this marvellous hotel. The staff were very courtous and nothing was too much trouble. The accommodation, food, cleanliness and facilities we found to be excellent.On the day we were due to fly home to England hurricane Jean hit and the hotel was ravaged by the storm, however, the wonderful staff ensured that we had three hot meals a day, even though we were surrounded by water, completely cut off from the outside world, and had no running water and electricity for three days. The staff accommodation was submerged from below the second floor, however, they continued to cater for all our needs even though they were completely saturated.We were uplifted by the Dominican Army three days later by helicopter off the beach, leaving all our luggage behind, as we were obviously only able to take a small hand luggage bag with us. Our cases arrived home fully intact one week after our belated journey home and I can only thank eveyone concerned from the bottom of my heart for their very unselfish care during this time. Our special thanks go to Pauline and the reception staff who continued to give their unstinting thoughtfulness throughout this farrowing time.We will definitely be returning to this hotel in the not too distant future.

Luxurious Loving Langham Chocolate Fountains!!!

The room was great, so was the location! I stayed here after a carnival cruise. The location of the hotel to the port was THE BEST! I literally walked off the ship, out of the port, down and across the street to the lobby of the hotel. My luggage was 66lbs and the weather was hot and humid! The location was great!The room was great spacious and comfotable. I stayed in a smaller hotel before my cruise, and I could literaly fit my first hotel room, bathroom included, in the the bathroom of the Sheraton.The staff was nice and the location of the hotel in Old San Juan was perfect. Everything was in walking distance (food, scenery, shops etc).I would reccomend staying here if you are going on a cruise or just visiting San Juan.Also, I would reccomend eating in a resturant that is close by. I am not sure of the name, but it is on the same main street as the Sheraton (to the left, facing the water), the next block after the coldstone creamery (yum). They have tables outside and a small eating area inside. The food and service are excellent!

Birthday Vacation The staff was wonderful, friendly, and oh so helpful.Although not allowed I tipped the staff and I did receive the royal service.The lobby and beach were beautifulThere was construction when I visitied.There is always the beach and the activites were not available because of the weather. Other than the beach the activites are limited. So it was more of a realxing vacation as opposed to an adventurous one. I really enjoyed myself. I would reccomend the hotel.

Small but Great After a night of partying or after a walking tour of the french quater, the bed in this place is FANTASTIC. The rooms were small, but well worth it. The hotel is located within walking distance for everything. I recommend this hotel for long stays, short stays, over-night. We stayed in the river tower. We had a view of the mississippi river and Canal Street. Like I said the rooms are small, I wouldn't recomend more that two people to a room.The lobby area was always lively, plus the drinks and the food in the lobby were tasty.Although frowned upon by many reviewers and some people at the hotel, I love the elevaor and the concept that you get on the elevator that is not going to make frequent stops.

Home away from home Well, let's see. This hotel in my opinion is the flagship hotel for the shangri-la group. We alwalys stay at shagrila when we travel (if there is one in the country where we are traveling to).Since this wasn't our first trip, i was surprised that the staff remembered us and they knew exactly what fruit we liked and had it waiting for us. As for service, we can find nothing to complain about (and we are very fussy people)There is a painting or tapestry that is 15 floor high and it is just beautiful. The breakfast at cafe Too is unbelieveable. There is a variety of fresh fruits, fruit juice, cereals, breads, pastries, yogurt, cheese, selection of eggs, chinese dim sums, soup, congee, coffee, tea, noodles. This is breakfast by the way.I didn't use the health club so i can't comment on it but i did have tea at the lounge and i had a good time. While we were there, there were some princesses for Saudi Arabia.(so one would think that the staff would forget about other guests and only entertain the royal family but nope not at the shangrila, they treated everyone very well. and if you didn't read the newspaper and saw the picture of the princess you wouldn't know there was royalty staying at the hotel) Therefore, this has to be one of the best hotels in Hong kong. The rooms of this hotel is excellent. The size is huge for hong kong (38 sq.m.) and the view of the harbour room is wonerful...you can actually spend hours just looking out the window at the traffic of the harbour.(yes there is traffic at the harbour in hongkong). However, if you stay at the peak view room, the view is also beautiful. The bed is fantastic. I slept like a baby and when i woke up in the morning i was ready to face another day with full energy.The mini bar is well stocked. and the range of coffee and teas available for you to make a drink for yourself is also huge.There is LCD tv not only in the room but the bathroom too. The toiletries in the bathroom is top notch. Do not fret if you forgot your comb, toothbrush, toothpaste, laundy detergent or razor as you will find all of this in the bathroom. You have a iron and ironing borad in the room too......and there is lot sof space to hang your clothes.Juat below the island shangrila is the Pacific Place which has almost everything. It is really a one stop shopping.The staff at the hotel is simply wonderful. We needed to make reservations for dinner and i am so depended on my secretary that at that moment i actually missed her and i asked the concierge for help and they were so nice and told me to contact them for anything i needed and only did they make the reservations for me but also faxed the confirmation to my room. A friend needed to have photographs taken to apply for visa to china and we were plesantly surprised that the business center of the island shangrila offers this too. If you need to top up your prepaid mobile phone chip.....do not worry, you can do that at the business center of the island shangrila.There is really nothing that this hotel doesn't do. I can guarantee you that on our upcoming business trip to hong kong in september we will be staying at the island shangrila and make it our home in hong kong. As the staff say welcome home as we checked in. Not very many hotels say that to you.

Will be back I travelled to hongkong on a business trip and the Island shangrila was full therefore i had to opt for the kowloon shangrila. I was a little skeptical to say the least. The service was almost as good as Island shangrila. I will be staying there again this september........did my bookings a few months ago

Good value hotel in a convenient location Stayed 4 nights here. Good location and about 100 yards from one of the cable car terminii. Also at the top of Van Ness Avenue which is one of the main roads through San Francisco so it was fairly easy to find and easy to get away from.Our room was on 17th floor overlooking Chinatown. Good room size. Clean. Fridge in room and also iron and ironing board. Limited hanging space for clothes but we managed.Lots of restaurants within easy walking distance of the hotel if you don't want to eat your evening meal in the hotel. We found an excellent Thai one just around the corner which was also very cheap. You can park in the hotel car park which is secure but not cheap but the lift goes to the car park so there is no problem with luggage.Breakfast is buffet and was fine.We loved San Francisco. If I returned I would stay at this hotel again.

Excellent hotel Stayed for 2 nights early May 2008 mid week. The hotel lives up to its rating as the number 2 in Berlin. We had a Ku'damm view room which was excellent except for the bed which we found quite uncomfortable. We ate in the hotel's 44 restaurant the first night and this was excellent if pricey - well it has a Michelin Star. The hotel staff could not do enough for you. Breakfast was excellent. The hotel location is good being just round the corner from the hop on hop off bus tours and within easy reach of most of the main Berlin sights. Would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a nice place to stay right in the heart of this vibrant city.

Go with an open mind and you will have a fantastic time This review is a little late, but I couldn't resist writing it after reading the last review.Eleven of us, ranging in ages from 14 - 70, enjoyed two great weeks here in March '04. So much so, that we are all returning for the same in 2006, only going Platinum this time.Yes, you will find things different in the Caribbean than North America, but isn't that what most of us go for? Superb weather, beautiful white beach, Dominicans that treat you as you treat them - a Hola, a smile or a tip for the young waiter who works so hard for the lunch crowd or the fellows that constantly raked the beach and (if you took the time to ask them their name and about their family), remembered your name the rest of your holiday.The food is different from what we are used to - Caesar salads are not like anything we have had before, but order a green salad instead. Most meals we really enjoyed. Dominican night in the Hispanola was not a favorite, but we found fried chicken, french fries and green beans, so didn't go hungry. The pasta station was always excellent with a good choice of ingredients.We did have tiny little ants in our room the first day, but were prepared from reading previous reviews and spread pennies around. Don't know if it was a result of that or not, but not an ant was seen after.If you are having a cup of coffee in the room, take a minute to rinse the cup out before setting it down - no bugs! The same if you are having room service, whether putting the dishes outside or leaving them in the room. Warm climates have unexpected critters, that is a given.Towels and bathing suits don't dry well with the high humidity. Taking an extra bathing suit along and exchanging your towel each day will alleviate that problem.We have holidayed in Florida and had a cockroach crossing our carpet and the odd lizard sharing our balcony. And, lots of those inch long bugs with a million feet, all in an expensive condo.If you are looking for a holiday where you are guaranteed great weather, fantastic beach, good food, lovely apartments, friendly natives who look you in the eye when greeting you AND you can accept the small things that maybe are not up to your standards, then this is the place for you! If not, try one of the beach areas in North America.

Great Views We were on the 24th floor with great views of the city.The hotel is centrally located, room was clean with friendly service not only at the front desk but also the maids upstairs were super helpful for my friend and I.The rustic kitchen that is connected to the hotel was fantastic and my friend is still talking about the lighting in the restaurant!

Fine Old Boston Hotel Stayed at the Eliot for 1 night. (Convention in town) Not sure where the negative review came from, but we were very pleased with the Eliot. No, there was no view from the room but an alleyway, but hey! the hotel is on Commonwealth Ave in the city and was not designed for the view...Room was very clean, service was outstanding and everyone we encountered was extremely pleasant and unfailingly helpful. We would definitely stay again.

Excellent hotel Outside the Lenox (the tall building)

Inglaterra 2007 Fab hotel, booked for 3 nights direct with the property, large bedroom with a huge bathroom, friendly staff and an excellent location right in the centre of Barca. Def. value for money. THE place to stay.

Really tasty breakfast, frendly staff, very good location Amsterdam is a beautiful city to spend someone his vacation and the nh amsterdam is a very good located hotel. We stayed there for 4 nights and the hotel had more to offer than we expected. We liked the lobby and we loved our room because of its interior design, the canal view and the plethora of services. In addition, the breakfast was really tasty and the staff was very frendly.

Good if you do not want to spend much time in your room the view from our window

Jazz a favourite We stayed at the Jazz for 5 nights at the end of May, largely based on the reviews on this site.I found most hotels in Barcelona expensive (and unavailable) when I was booking in April, so don't regret the 160 euros excl VAT which we paid. We couldn't get a booking through the hotel website (it showed unavailable) but managed to get a room through Venere.com. The first welcome surprise was that the Airport Bus stops in Plaza Universitat. Very convenient - you simply cross the square to Calle Pelai, walk a few metres, and you're at the hotel.The check in staff were amongst the top three hotels for friendliness and helpfulness in our entire 5 week trip in Spain. They were also very helpful when we wanted to organise a day trip to Montserrat.The Hotel Jazz is a brilliant location. The Metro stop at Universitat makes getting around the city very easy (buying a 10 trip ticket was perfect for 5 days), its a short walk to Las Ramblas or across to Passeig de Gracia. Across the road on Pelai is a great little cafe for breakfast - Viena - and there are lots of bars and restaurants around. The room was large, clean, in a contemporary design - just like the website. We were on the 6th floor and had no problems with noise.There is free internet access in the bar - two PCs there - which was very welcome to holiday makers who had determinedly left their laptops at home, but by this time were going through email withdrawal!Although it was still quite cool in Barcelona, the pool area was busy whenever we checked it out. Kids loved it, and the roof is a nice place to relax after a hard day sightseeing or walking the city.I have no hesitation in recommending the Jazz.

Excellent Hotel We stayed at the Swissotel in January for a week, based on recommendations from this site (and the Michelin guide).The Swissotel is well located on the Ku'damm shopping street, with plenty of restaurants nearby, U-Bahn, S-Bahn and the major Zoo Garten train station only a block or so away. (So close a taxi refused to take us there on arrival in the rain, but it didn't matter!) The Story of Berlin is just up the road, the Kaiser Wilhelm church just over the road, and in the opposite direction is the famous KaDaWe department store.The breakfasts are excellent, there is free internet access in the lobby for those who aren't business travellers with laptops, an espresso coffee machine in the room, large comfortable rooms, good security for floors, etc. Do bear in mind however that this is a business hotel - which means there will be convention/conference groups. With no offence intended to the previous traveller, they can tend to take over the lobby when you are there, and it is difficult to get a quiet drink in the lobby bar at certain times of the day! A note - as we left, it again started to rain. We were heading for the train station, and the doorman asked us to wait, and reappeared with two large Swissotel umbrellas. When we protested that we could not return them, he shrugged and said never mind! That is the kind of service you expect from an excellent 5 star hotel like this.We booked on the Swissotel website, and got a good rate of 165 Euro for a business room, with a street view, bkfast included. It was worth it - we felt we might have felt claustrophobic with the courtyard view rooms. I would recommend Swissotel to anyone travelling to Berlin.

Lovely hotel Lovely hotel! Our double room was small with no canal view. I requested one, but no rooms were available. Still, room was nice and cosy and the bed absolutely fab! Bathroom was also small, but again nice and clean. Free tea,coffee and hot chocolate with cakes in lobby! Location is central but nice and quiet! Overall we were very pleased with our stay.Tip - If you like tea/coffee in your room without going downstairs, get a travel kettle with you, very handy! We never travel without it:)

Vincci Maritimo style Have used this hotel several times on business trips. Very clean, stylish and modern. A bit lacking in atmosphere. Good location for Diagonal Mar shopping mall but too far out of the centre for me to consider it if on vacation.

fantastic location We stayed in this hotel in December for three nights, as a stop off on our way to Australia. We loved the location of it, right bang in the centre of Kowloon, and a two minute walk to the Star ferry.Our room was fine, large enough with two double beds, and really clean. We were initially offered an upgrade, but when the girl on the desk checked it out it was unavailable for the three nights, which was very disapointing. I think it is time for the hotel to modernise the bedrooms as when you arrive the reception is very grand which leads you to expect more from the rooms, but all in all we enjoyed our stay here and would return.

The Library Hotel is fabulous I traveled to The Library last month.....we just adored it. The staff could not be warmer or friendlier. Since it is a small hotel and small staff you see the same faces. They were helpful with nearby restaurants, hotel services etc. They really seemed to want you to enjoy your stay....which I found appealing and unusual for NYC.The breakfast of cereal, cheese, yogurt, danish etc. was terrific. They have an automatic cappucino maker that I was crazy for...the afternoon wine and cheese made a wonderful stop to meet new and interesting people. You certainly could be solitary if you chose to, but the guests were super interesting. Most people wanted to share that they too, thought this is a great hotel.Our room was quite stunning and immaculate. It was a suite sized room with a sofa seating area. It was a corner room, which was very nice. After a crazy hectic day in NYC we looked forward to returning to THE LIBRARY.

Enjoyed Our Stay The St. Francis was our teenagers choice. They loved all the action in the lobby and in Union Square.We were able to get a last minute room for under $150.00. The room in the newer part of the hotel was quite nice. It was more spacious than other San Francisco 4 star hotels in S.F. The only negative was the shower lever falling off in my hand. The room was very clean and quiet. I was a little disappointed that they did not have umbrellas to use in the rain storm, as many hotels do in S.F. The staff apologized and sent us to Walgreens down the street.Overall we enjoyed our stay and for that price we will stay there again.

lovely, quiet, reasonably priced hotel This is a lovely small hotel with a very friendly and helpful staff. The rooms are light and airy, the beds are very comfortable and the bathrooms are spotless and modern. It's in the museum district, a short tram ride to the city centre and a five minute walk to the major museums. Ask for a room in the back, which is exceptionally quiet. It is very reasonable and I highly recommend it.

quaint and inexpensive! I was a little nervous about staying here initially, but Da House is a hidden gem in the heart of Old San Juan. I was completely surprised but how impressive this place was, expecially for the price! It was the cheapest place I could find, even in comparison to surrounding areas. It is a prefect example of Puerto Rican atmosphere, if you are looking to get away from the standard. Our room was clean and we loved the rooftop. Do not confuse this with a 5 star hotel- there is no elevator (but the stairs really arent bad at all) and there was no TV in our room, but if you want a cheap, clean and inexpensive stay with Puerto Rican flare, this is the place. The worst part truly is the noise, as there isnt much of a sound barrier between you and the partiers on the street below, but we didnt have any trouble sleeping. Great staff as well.In summary, terrific location, great price, very Puerto-Rico!

Old and Rustic with some Charm Well we just got back this eve. The hotel is ok if you just need a place to sleep for the night that is cheap . The room was clean but not large. We had water in our carpet from a leak in the heater. The heater is a old radiator,that we could not get to shut off , and we were on the bottom floor in room 153 .So we could not leave the windows open at night . Yes there is a small kitchen . . The hotel is next to the liquor store so a few bums sat out side our window waiting for the store to open . The best part of our trip was the door man Adam . There service is very good , as they really try hard with what they have to work with . Adam made our stay and was really help full . . The shuttle runs on a time frame . So if you need to take it, you have to plan ahead .The hotel is old and a bit worn , so dont expect the Hilton . Good Luck .

Best Hotel Ever! My boyfriend and i went to the Barcelona princess for our first holiday and loved it. It was a little out of the centre but the tourist bus stopped right outside the hotel and the trams and metro were less than two minutes walk away. The hotel was very modern and clean. The room was cleaned every day and the mini bar- which was free was restocked everyday too. There are rules regarding taking your own food and drink into the rooms but we didnt find this a problem- we were never stopped taking our purchases upstairs. Our room was the top floor which meant a lift ride up 26 floors- great as the lift was glass and you could see for miles. This was great for views of the Sagrada Familia etc. Room was fairly big with a large comfortable bed, great power shower and blackout blinds and sky TV. Staff were friendly and always willing to help. Room service was avaliable. I would definately book the Barcelona Princess if i return to Barcelona.

Disappointed My husband and I spent 4 long nights here in November. On checking into our room we were shocked to discover what we thought was a curtained window was in fact a small window overlooking a lift shaft, scary to say the least. We enquired if we could change our room but were told by a beligerent receptionist that the hotel was full. On returning to our room we could not help noticing that there was a very bad smell coming from the drain in the toilet. At this point we had not even unpacked. Again we pleaded with the receptionist to please offer us another room. He then called the plumber who in turn informed us the room was uninhabitable. Within half an hour we were given another room which this time had 1 curtain over a small window overlooking an air shaft. The room was very stuffy and quite shabby. After spending 1 night in the hotel Lleo we decided to check out although we had paid for 4 nights. On hearing this we were given another room this time facing the front. We observed that out of 80 rooms the hotel has only12 facing the front. We will certainly return to Barcelona which is a wonderful city but take our advice avoid Hotel Lleo.

Pleasant Suprise If you are traveling by train, this is a great location. Only a 5 minute walk from the station. We were a little concerned about the construction. There was not much noise when we were in the hotel, even when we had the windows opened.The room was large and lovely. Very clean. We especially liked the bathroom, with a large marble tub. The bed was very comfortable and plenty of pillows, which is sometimes a problem for those needing more than one. Breakfast was nice with a good variety of cold and hot foods. The staff was professional and friendly. We were only at this hotel for two nights, but we enjoyed our experience. Would stay again, especially if we were traveling by train again.

Excellent Service Excellent service by everyone we encountered at this hotel. We were impressed! The staff speaks English very well, but indulged my desire to improve my Italian. Our room was comfortable with a view of the Grand Canal. Opening the windows at night provided a great breeze. We enjoyed having wine and coffee at the tables outside the hotel after a day of taking in the sights of Venice.We found the location of the hotel to be great for taking a water taxis. It is across from the train station and all water taxis make the station a stop. Breakfast was good and plentiful. Especially liked being able to get a cup of coffee to take to our room before going down to eat.The Hotel Antiche Figure was the first stop on our trip to Italy and no other hotel matched their service.

Excellent Location Hotel Fita is beautifully located around the corner from the Van Gogh Museum. There is also a nearby tram stop. The location is perfect because it allows easy access to all of Amsterdam, but sits on a quiet street.The hotel offers a nutritious full breakfast that can fuel you for a great start to a busy day in Amsterdam.The rooms are perfectly clean with sufficient storage and closets. The staff are helpful, with everyone understanding English.I would stay here again if I returned to Amsterdam.

Incredible London Value Contacted the Sumner after reading all the excellent Trip Advisor reviews. Right away I knew we had made the right choice because of the efficient, courteous and professional manner in which they corresponded with us.We stayed 5 wonderful nights in a spacious and most comfortable king room. The driver and car we requested was right there to meet us after customs at Heathrow and take us to the hotel. The location was great...it took us about 3 minutes to walk to the Marble Arch Tube Station. (If you are going to ride the tube quite a bit as we did, I suggest purchasing Oyster Cards before you go. They reduce the fare for each ride per person from 4 pounds to 1 1/2 pounds. You can purchase them online from the Visit Britain website). There are several restaurants within two to six blocks of the hotel...I would recommend Prezzo and Seaport...they were both excellent...Prezzo very reasonably priced and Seaport a little expensive but well worth it. You are also only two blocks from beautiful Hyde Park, where you can walk forever.We paid 145 pounds per night and besides the lovely room, that also included a very nice breakfast with both hot and cold items, Wi-Fi in the room, a computer with internet access in the lobby, room service at anytime for tea or coffee, and the assistance of one of the most helpful staffs we have encountered anywhere in the world for absolutely anything. You can pay twice that in London and get a tiny room with a cold breakfast in a not so good location and then have to pay extra for computer access.The bathroom had a shower only, which we prefer, with fantastic water pressure, instant hot water, nice toiletries and soft, fluffy towels. The room had both heat and AC, both of which you could adjust to suit you. We had two floor to ceiling 12ft high windows, which you could open, but when closed you could not hear the street traffic.I can't imagine a more pefect place to stay in London..we will definitely stay there again.

Paradisus was Wonderful! My BF and I stayed at the Paradisus, PR and were Royal Service guests, from May 28 - 31 and on the overall, we had enjoyed ourselves tremendously!Pros: The grounds and landscaping, albeit still very young, were nice enough and weren't an eyesore; for the most part, the staff aimed to please, there were enough activities that were pretty good to keep guests occupied, the pool was beautiful, all the restaurants were operating fully, the casino was a happening place, the bars were packed (also due to the fact that the Resort was fully booked that weekend); our requests for specially prepared foods were obliged; the buffets and foods served at the specialty restaurants - Bamboo (the best Hibachi I've ever had cooked by WingLock!) Romantico - were not bad at all for an all-inclusive; the gym is one of the best most equipped in any hotels/resorts we've ever been to; the Spa was wonderful though pricey; Jennifer and Leslie at the Royal Service had made on-the-spot decision to drop us off at the airport when our transfer had left without us.Cons: Some front-of-the-house staff needs to learn to speak English, especially in a popular restaurant like the Avocado; the Paradisus should cater to those with restricted diets (i.e. fat-free, low-fat diets); the staff needs to get their act together when it comes to managing big groups or a lot of guests staying at any one time; the transfer bus had actually left us behind despite the fact that we had confirmed our transfer at a certain time and were waiting at the lobby (this was soon rectified)!; room service for breakfast didn't arrive; the marble floors can be very slippery when wet (from rain).I have to mention that Pablo, Leslie, Jennifer and Yoshira from the Royal Service, and Luis from the Mirador Grill had made our stay all the more enjoyable! Thank you keep up your good work!

Amba: Beautiful and Immaculate! My husband and I and our friends and spend a lovely week at the Ambar. We flew west jet and the flight was smooth, great staff, very friendly, everything was on time.Our transfer was very efficient, 7 of us to Bahia Principe and then a quick transfer to the Ambar for check in. We were not checked in on the bus but it was quick and efficient when we arrived, the place was full and all week there were offers to go to other resorts owned by BP; later in the week it switched to offers to go to the Majestic. We had requested a corner room in a front building in advance and knowing that there are no guarantees, we got a ground level room in the back. The door was broken so we did not feel safe leaving our belongings, they tried to fix the door, poor guys did not have the proper tools, my husband was holding a pocket flashlight for them. Anyway the room was a bit musty so the next day we requested a move and were moved to building 64 second floor, we loved this room and location, mere minutes to the pool and beach! The room was so clean and lovely, requested more water and diet Pepsi and no problem! We got a welcome gift, rum and t shirts. We left tips (American money) and small gifts every day on the pillow, one day I hope by mistake, they took Canadian money my husband had left with his things on the dresser, plus the gifts I had left for them. So be careful what you leave lying around. Saw the butler the first day, he did not introduce himself, only later did I figure out that is who it must have been, never saw him again even when I went looking.The resort is beautiful, and the cleanest I have ever stayed at, the food was medium, it was good but not great. Always something or usually too much to eat. I was disappointed in the drinks, the mixes were very sweet and not the variety we experienced other years. On the Punta Cana side and Bavaro side the drinks were much better, the drink of the day was better and more variety, not sure why? The drink I liked the best A Dirty Monkey, they would not make at the Ambar, I asked several times. I found the staff very reserved, this could be because many did not speak English well, we did try out our terrible Spanish, and they appreciated the effort and found it humorous. The beach was beautiful, lots of people but did not seem crowded, we walked for miles. The water was so pretty, nice surf, sand so soft. The pool was the cleanest I have ever experienced, lovely.We tried several of the a la our favorite was de Paris, nice atmosphere and good service. Next was Don Pablo, again nice atmosphere. We liked the Mexican because of the atmosphere, the food was not great. We had fun and really liked the food at the Japanese, it was a bit confusing they have two Japanese restaurants, with very similar names, we checked at the lobby to make sure we were in the right place and they told us we were, of course we were not and had to hustle to find the right place, several other couples made the same mistake. We also tried Garden grill, and Portofino, the worst by far, had to go the buffet to eat after that one, it seemed to be the consensus of the guests here this week that the Portofino was having problems with food and service at dinner, breakfast was great here, and it was closed for lunch. They tell you there are no reservations but the restaurants were never more that half full usually less that that. They are very fussy about the dress code for men at this resort, we go to 5 stars all inclusive every year and this one was by far the fussiest, you could not go to the buffet in the evening without long pants and closed shoes, and not for lunch or breakfast without sleeves on the shirt. On the other hand women could go with a see through beach cover up with boobs showing and it was not a problem, the standards were inconsistent. One couple arrived and their luggage was lost and the gentleman had no long pants, no exceptions, they would not let him dine at the buffet. They were too rigid in my opinion.The towel game has not changed, but since my husband did not mind getting up early it was not a problem for us.Entertainment, the night we arrived we made it to the disco because we wanted a drink and everything was closed. Not our style but people seemed to enjoy it. We went to the karaoke bar later in the week but it was too smoky to stay. The outside area in the square was nice but we were up early so only made it there once. Went to two shows, Michael Jackson and Lion King, I enjoyed them but my husband was not so keen.Used the internet to keep in contact with home, no problems, a bit of a wait, usually never longer than 20 minutes, depending on the time of day. Other comments: would be nice to have more no smoking sections, there was a lot of smoking and you could not get away from it, the pool and all the bar areas, the lobby did have a designated non smoking area but open air so still exposed to it. Safe: not so safe all you had to do was push reset and anyone could get in to it.Never shopped or did any excursions, we were happy to relax on the beach or by the pool. We found the guests to be friendly and happy, only saw one incident where a guest was being horrible yelling at the staff because he was not happy that there was no pizza ready, give me a break!The resort is huge and a bit confusing, I was addicted to trip advisor so no surprises for me but I think that color coding the different sections would be helpful, easy to get turned around.We liked the Ambar side because it was quiet, people were more sedated, we saw a number of party animals on the Bavaro side.Met lots of wonderful people! Pictures do this place justice! We like to try different resorts but would consider going back some time in the future, have been to Sandals and the service here is not on the same level but then again either is the price.

Grand Hyatt Seattle as perfect as you can get! This hotel is beautiful! Elegant decor, very quiet, upscale, with attentive staff who seemed genuinely interested in your stay. Rooms were large with granite countertops, separate bath and shower, truly exquisite furnishings. We had a lovely view of the bay and the Tower.The hotel is one block from convention center, surrounded by incredible shopping and restaurants, and within walking distance of Pike Market.We would definitely go back and only wish we could do so immediately! It is comparable to any Ritz Carlton we have stayed in.

Felt like a Royal the entire time! Perfect honeymoon hotel. Amazing view from breezy roof terrace

Alexanderplatz is the place to be! We spent three nights at this hotel from 13th to 16th June. We chose it for its good location(near to many major sights) and for the good local transport to be found right near the hotel, taking you all across Berlin and to the various airports.The hotel is in the middle of a big shopping area and is opposite the famous television tower. Yes, it is a big hotel but we found the staff very friendly and helpful. Our room was on the 16th floor with a lovely view over the square and tower. Everything was very modern and yes, the bathroom is a little strange, but it was a very comfortable room and the only down side is once again the lack of storage space. There was a good wardrobe but no drawer space - you can't hang everything in a wardrobe! Ask for a room overlooking the shopping square. If you get one on the side of the main entrance you'll be looking at a building site. Note that Berlin seems to be one big building site as construction work is going on everywhere you look.We had breakfast included and there was a lot of choice on offer, mainly cold dishes, but a few warm ones too. It was all very tasty but you obviously need to get a deal with breakfast included. I would never do otherwise.In the evening the hotel offered a very good buffet of starters, main courses, salads, desserts and cheese - as much as you wanted for 19 Euros! I think this was a bargain in a capital city.Sightseeing tours leave from opposite the main entrance and take you past the main sights in Berlin and as it's a big city it's worth doing on your first visit to Berlin.We were pleased with the overall service in this hotel and would certainly consider going again.

Boutique hotel - right in the centre of Paris Spotlessly clean, perfect location, great staff - ideal location for airport shuttle bus - definately stay again. No negatives

Wonderful little hotel View from balcony

Great value! Husband and I spent a week here in November. Booked on TA recommendations and were not disappointed. Staff was extremely friendly and helpful. Room and bath were spotless and comfortable. Access to computer was a plus. Husband enjoyed breakfast more than I did but the room was clean and bright and service was speedy. We would not hesitate to stay at L S again.

Mom, Hubby, Kids all loved it! We took my mom here for her 65th birthday knowing she loved PR. Well, it was a GREAT trip- except for the rain the last few days. We were there from Oct.9-13 and even though the hotel was full, it never felt that way. Everyone loved the resort, hubby-hard to please, mom-harder to please :-) and our 2 little girls- 5 and 6. Our 14 year old was a bit bored due to the fact that there weren't many teenagers for her to hang with. Wonder if they have a kids program during peak season? They did show family movies every day at 5:00 p.m. The pool was beautiful, the staff amazingly friendly, beach clean and lovely. I do prefer the Caribbean Sea to the Atlantic Ocean but Intercontinental can't do anything about that. LOL The casino was fun- as mentioned, free food and drinks while gambling. Old San Juan was great shopping and beautiful. Will definitely be back, but beware as hotels everywhere, the food and drink prices were high. Mix BK, Subway,Mi Casita with hotel food and have a WONDERFUL time. We did.

Beautiful peaceful and Relaxing Pool View

Wonderful experience! We visited this hotel right after it opened earlier this year when we were in Seattle for the Jan. 6th game. It is an incredible hotel. The staff was great and the breakfast awesome but what I really loved was the room. It was a good size room with two queen beds (seem like all there is these days are two doubles) and a huge flat screen TV. I loved the bathroom too, it was nice. Also the alarm clock is an iPod player. Another reason we keep coming back is for the location. If you are going to Seahawk's or Mariner's game you have to stay here!! There is no taxi, bus, or driving required. It's not even two blocks away and surrounded by great restaurants.

Great experience! here is the bathroom...

Awesome Location! Definitely recommend to anyone who doesn't want to pay a ton for a great location. We recommend walking down a couple blocks and visiting the Parrot Club, which is amazing. The room was fine, nothing too extravagant, but still clean and nice. Keep your windows shut at night though, the nightlife is really loud. The staff was very helpful and pleasant. We stayed one night before traveling home and it was a perfect hotel for the end of our trip.

wonderfull Wonderfull place, much like the marriot on phuket. Of course its a big place, not smal and intimate, but even though very nice, much of it because of the pool area who is vinding about in the garden, The beach is nice too. Delicius rooms, flatscreen tv, nice bath rooms, but tub and shower in one, with very high ends, so you almost have to climb, not that easy. The pool/pools is lovely, and there ig a very high level of service everywhere.Beautyfull lobby area, and a nice spa.Breakfast god, with a person only to make the juice you want

So fine! main building

Not great. During other visits to Miami, I had passed this hotel, and from the outside it looked very nice. I needed to find a hotel for a one night stay in Miami and decided to give this hotel a try. It was more expensive then some of the other hotels I considered, so I was expected much more then what I got. The check-in process went okay, until I discovered that the request I made had not been met. I realize when making reservations, requests can not be guaranteed, but when I asked, he looked at me like he had no clue what I was talking about. He then started scanned his screen, so I got the impression that my request hadn't been fulfilled because he hadn't bother to read it. I then asked if the room had a microwave. He checked and then told me it didn't. So, I go up to the room, and discover that the room did have a microwave! Great! Until I discovered it didn't work. The room also didn't have a fridge. I purposely booked a room that listed a fridge. So I was disappointed. Called the front desk. To bad, nothing they can do. The next morning, I went to ask the front desk a question, but the clerk was too busy watching television (I think) and ignored me for about a full minute. All the employees I encountered during my stay were neither friendly, or helpful.The room itself was nicely decorated. A few stains, but nothing really bad. Although there was strong smell, clorox like. The pool was well kept, and there was a nice variety for breakfast.Overall, the room okay, the service terrible.

My home away from home in San Francisco We were made feel very much at home while staying at the Chelsea Motor Inn this past week. We felt very safe with the locked elevator entrance. Our room was very pretty and comfortable. We had a view of the Golden Gate Bridge out our window. The staff was friendly and helpful. The location was handy to public transportation. There were nice restaurants within easy walking distance. We wouldn't even consider staying anywhere else upon a return trip to San Francisco.

Had a great time This was our 2nd trip to Bavaro Beach, Punta Cana. Four years ago we stayed at Allegro Punta Cana it was fine but this resort is better. Food was very good. Staff was friendly. We love Bavaro Beach. There is not much activity in this region to go outside of the resort but we knew we just wanted to relax this trip. If you like to walk the beach, you can walk forever.

Great Location! We stayed 4 nights at this hotel. The location is very good, the cable car line is just around the corner and Union Square is just 3 minutes away. The room was clean and comfortable. The bathroom is very nice, the furniture is ok. What we did not like was the very expensive parking (38$ a day). Also the staff was argueing which should not happen in front of guests.

Stylish hotel in great location Good clean hotel with boutique style -great location 5 mins walk from Marble Arch. Stayed in room 107 which is on third floor front facing Upper Berkeley Street . Two nights bed breakfast cost in king room- shower only -no bath. Original sash windows with secondary glazing kept out the worst of the traffic noise - my husband tells me I slept through a thunderstorm so street sound wasnt a problem.Lounge area was very welcoming - the whole Hotel had an ambience of staying with a well healed friend with an eye for detail.The breakfast room was in the basement and part self service style. Tea Toast was brought to your table you could help yourself to cereals,continental style ham cheeses, crossants,preserves, juice,scrambled poached egg,sausage beans - dont think I missed anything... Breakfast area could have done with some more air conditioning as no windowsWe read in an earlier review that the poached eggs were like bullets - yes they were more like boiled eggs but the scrambled was perfect!London itself was busy as half term holidays - avoid Oxford Street if you can. Take in Regents Park, take tea at the Ritz (book in advance wear shirt tie) have a stroll round Fortnum Mason the old victorian arcades of Picadilly - we walked to all these areas from the Hotel.Go in The Sherlock Holmes Museum Baker Street and have a laugh at the letters he still gets.The hotel kept a list of local restaurants with 15 minutes walking distance which was a welcome nice touch.Thoroughly recomend Hotel would stay again - maybe next time they would have tea coffee making facilities in room

A jewel in the Amsterdam crown You will find this lovely hotel a peaceful retreat only 2 minutes walk from the busy Rembrandtplein. As previous reviews state the rooms hosts are welcoming the breakfast (served at 8am as requested) superb with warm croissants, cheese,fruit, yoghurt, choices of breads with jam butter (we requested no meats which was noted) and a choice of tea or coffee. We had coffee again to repeat previous reviews it was the best we had ever tasted - all served on a clean matching china set.It does feel like you are a welcome guest in a very nice canalside private house. We stayed in attic room 9 (150 euros per night) right at the top of some very winding steep stairs- choose a lower room if you have a heavy case! The room was better than expected as had a T.V a newly installed fridge cleverly disguised as a marquetry bedside cabinet - sweet touch. Everything was clean in order as shown in the pictures on their website.Mosquitoes were mentioned in another review so did take repellant although we only saw one in the room.The hotel provided a very useful map with the hotel a few sites ringed - we walked to most areas in our three 3 night stay.We caught a taxi from the train station (11 euros) but took the tram (no 4 from Utrechtsestraat) to return @ 3.20 euros for both for the return journey. Highly recommend would stay again on returning to Amsterdam - may be to room 5 as passed the room on the way down stairs looked in as the door was open - as well as the opulent furniture,mirrors rugs they had a large flat screen t.v small courtyard garden- great stuff! Hope you enjoy your stay as we did.

boutique style hotel near arc de triomphe just off champs elysees Booked romantic package for 3 nights in superior room costing 975eurosChecked in at 11am left bags behind reception with friendly advice that check in was after 2pm.We returned at 3pm after a stroll around Eiffel Tower which was 15 mins walk away from the hotel waited 5 minutes to find luggage had been taken up to our room (41 facing north) . Pre ordered music candles half bottle champagne, small fancy cakes,- rose petals arranged in heart shape on bed was lovely - we were here to mark 20 years of being together.Well decorated clean room with huge bed, seperate bathroom to WC felt like a small apartment with french windows opening inward - we sat in window with champagne baguettes (bought at nearby convenience shop) looking on to beautiful french townhouse - no city views from hotel.Breakfast in small area close to reception - got busy with smartly dressed French business guests -very good selection - pancakes syrup, pastries, toast, scambled eggs, fruits yoghurts,juices, cereals (plus more) although milk for cereal not chilled there was a small fridge with cheeses boiled eggs.Found Paris very expensive due to exchange rate but worth it especially in the lovely sunshine we had.All the tourist sites had large queues but recommend the hour wait for Notre Dame 7.50euro each to go to the top (queue down left side as you look at the cathedral - the queue in the front entrance is for looking inside for free) and dont miss the eiffel tower lit up at night.Metro similar to london underground 5.30 euro each for all day pass.Go to small Orangrie gallery on the place de la concorde for Monets huge water lilie canvases - get there @ 9am be the only ones there No sight of upgrade or parting gifts as other guests mentioned but good superior room with bathrobe complimentary slippers Recommend

Great Holiday!! It was in March when my partner and I stayed at the Padma and is a late review, but I needed to share what a wonderful time we had at the Padma.The Padma is a beautiful hotel and we were greeted with such warmth when we arrived. We stayed in a Superior room which was decent size and the bathroom super clean. The hotel gardens and landscape are well taken care of and everywhere we went the staff were so friendly. On one particular occasion, I left my necklace on our floor and when we came back to our room after it had been cleaned, my necklace was on our bed in the shape of a heart with a flower in it small but thoughtful idea. The pool is fantastic and the swim up bar even better! We spent most of the day sitting by the pool and you are even given a flag which you raise when you want service even have to move the whole day to get anything!!!! This was luxury for us as we have never been waited on so much before!!The breakfast was amazing everyday and we had Teppanyaki one night at the Japanese restaurant which the chef put on such a good show!!I would recommend the Padma to anyone who is looking to be looked after while on holidays! A trip to remember!!

Great find Have just arrived back from a week at the Hotel Metro, New York. Having read some negative reviews on this site before we booked we were delighted we had ignored them. From the minute we arrived at Reception the staff were unfailingly welcoming and helpful. The room was an adequate size bearing in mind this was New York and the bathroom had recently been updated with a super large shower cubicle. Good quality toiletries were very welcome as we had travelled hand luggage only. Our window looked out at the Empire State Building which was illuminated at night. Breakfast of fresh fruit, yoghourt, cheese, muffins and various pastries plus toast set us up for the day and hot drinks available all day were a lovely bonus when we arrived back from a hard day sightseeing. We used to take it to our room and collapse on the bed. Free wireless access and two computers were a bonus. Great roof garden was lovely but the food was spoiled by having to be brought up from the restaurant on the ground floor on cold plates so food cold and all drinks including wine served in plastic glasses. The situation couldn't be better right in the middle of Manhattan with a subway station 50 yards away. Pizza place on the corner was great for a snack but was not impressed with Brendons across the road. Bryant Park on 42nd Street is a great place for a rest if in the neighbourhood. Tables, chairs, free newspapers,books and games of chess. With hand luggage it is easy to get to the hotel by air train/subway. We got there quicker than some other people who had taken a taxi.

First class on a budget What a wonderful surprise. This hotel situated just behind it's posher big sister The Colon Hotel was perfect. The standards of cleanliness and service were second to none. Bed linen and towels were changed daily. The service was both professional and friendly. The staff at the front desk went that little bit further to make our stay so pleasant. Location wise it was perfect, quiet yet central. Have already recommended this to friends

Excellent choice! I found this hotel through Trip Advisor because it was my first time to Bali and we wanted to stay somewhere near the airport because our flight came in late. After traveling around Bali, we also decided to come back here on our last day because it has all of the amenities you need and more. It's great because it's within close (walking distance) proximity to Kuta without being right in the center of the madness. The room was very clean and air-conditioned (a MUST). The pool is also great. I highly reccomend going to the spa. It's one of the best and the prices are great. Out of all the spas I visited in Bali, the one at Febri's was the best value. I felt like I was in a 5 star resort when I was at the spa. Febri's is across the street from a larger resort that you can walk right through to go to the beach but there is major construction going on at the beach in Tuban so you don't want to go in the water there. Lastly, the breakfast wasn't stellar and there is major construction going on next door so you may not be able to nap during the day. If you want to feel safe, want air-conditioning and a nice, clean room, I highly suggest booking this place. I would go back.

5-Star Hotel w/ 5-Star Price This is an unexpectedly very nice hotel located on a quitter side of Bali though it's a bit far from everywhere. It's indeed one of the 5-Star ones. I'm rating it above average instead of excellent because it absolutely has no beach though it's located right across the Tanah Lot temple. The beach is there, but don't count on being able to sunbathe or walk along its not too sandy shore, as the wave is pretty strong most of the times. Besides, Tanah Lot is one of the most famous tourist spot. All the vendors will immediately run after us -tourists- as soon as we step on the beach. From the hotel, you can cut through the scenic golf course route, landing at the entrance of Tanah Lot market to visit the Tanah Lot temple. There are many small cafes along the Tanah Lot market and there are 2 larger restaurants, one of them is called Melasti. Though it has the best spot in the area, I will not recommend having any meals there due to the very unstable prices. The hotel has a 54 meter slide that entertains all adults and children. There is a smaller/shorter slide in the side/kiddie pools as well. These slides are comparable to the ones in waterbom-kuta, so it's best to save your money and time spent travelling to kuta.BTW, there are free hotel shuttles that go back and forth between the hotel and kuta area. Don't bother stopping by Bali Galleria Duty Free Shop. It's a waste of time. The price is on average 3 times as much as whatever we pay in the US (New York tri-state area), and they're fixed.Handy Tips: Tourists will always be asked to pay more than local Indonesians. With that said, don't hesitate to bargain in the local Bali market (that is if you can stand the smell). My mom scored a 3-feet tall mahogany wood carving of a lady carrying a jackfruit on her head for a mere $30. The asking price was well above $300. :) And don't hesitate to ask for local prices/menu when dining out. In Jimbaran bay, the local price is Rp.55,000/kg (US $5.50-6) of catch of the day (fish). While the tourist price is Rp.19,000 (US $1.90-2.20) per 100gram of catch of the day. My jet-lagged head is currently thinking that 1kg=1000 gram. Don't forget to double check...Feel free to contact me for other travel tips to Bali.

as good as ever Have just returned home after another great holiday in the Iberostar dominicana,5 years we have been going there and again it was the best.staff in dinning rooms are so happy to help you if you ask for anything,we find all the staff are helpfull,we went to the cocktail party for returning guests( first time) we have gone, we met all manament which was great .we have all ready booked for this time next year cant wait,

A bit pricey but central location and spacious room Stayed 3 nights in Swisshotel Stamford Singapore in March 2006. The hotel is centrally located in the center of Singapore with MRT subway and Starbucks on the door step, walkable distance to Suntec City, and 5 mins by MRT to Orchard Road (East). Spacious room with modern amenities and business like (cold but efficient) services. A bit pricey but still good value for money.

Nice hotel - will come here again Bed

GREAT Place to Stay We stayed at the Barcelo Bavaro Palace in Punta Cana the second week of March, 2008 and absolutely loved it there. We had full access to 4 other resorts: the BBBeach, BBCaribe, BBGolf Spa, the BBCasino. The other resorts could not use our facilities, as the Palace is the top of that chain; which was nice because our resort was never over-crowded. BEACH: 5* there are miles of sugar soft white sand and plenty of beach chairs, and palm trees for shade. ROOMS 4*: spacious, 2 sinks, coffeemaker, v. comfortable bed; however, the workmanship is not what used to in Canada, especially since my family is in the construction business; but in the Carribean, and hot and beautiful. Tipping $1/day each or gifts from the $ Store for the maid and the guy who stocked the fridge allowed us extra towels and lots of beverages. FOOD 4.5*: lots of food at the Buffet, you can get freshly made breakfast, or fresh grilled meats and fish; even a soft ice cream machine. The outdoor restaurant next to the Flea Market had all you can eat fresh shrimp and calamari and even pizza until 5 pm. Steakhouse was yummy, and so was the Seafood restaurant. I usually get sick at these I sure at this resort. POOL looked nice, v. clean, but never used it. SERVICE 4.5*: well-spoken English staff and helpful. GROUNDS 5*: very clean, and well laid out. All the rooms are very close to the beach. ENTERTAINMENT 3.5*: costumes dancers were great, but it was pretty much the same thing every night; you need to go to other resorts for a change; as well everything was in Spanish or French. We also found there that many English speaking people there; lots of people from Europe and S. America. CAUTION: forget your essentials as they charge a mint at the shops in your hotel for things like Immodium (which I need anyways.) $3.00 for 1 pill and you need a few if you get diaherrea.

21 days We stay 21 days in the AC Diplomatic from April to May and it was a great time ; .I am paraplegic using an electric Scooter and the Hotel has everything adaptable for Handicap persons. Is very well located; one block from Paseo de Gracia and even the rooms for handicaps have electric beds. The breakfast buffet was excellent and the Hotel personal very profesional and friendlyI recomend this Hotel if you want to spend a few days in Barcelona.

great reception staff It was our first night of the holiday, and we arrived to get a great welcome from the man on reception. He turned out to be the nicest one out of all the hotels we stayed in that holiday. There are limited parking spaces, but we had one of them. The room had typical boring decoration, but it did have everything we wanted - fridge, microwave, iron, coffee maker, hairdryer, large bathroom and ok comfy bed, and food in reception for breakfast. Its close to some great bars and restaurants, and over the road is a very useful supermarket. It was easy to get to other places in San Francisco, and easy to walk to Fishermans Wharf and Chinatown - but don't try walking up and down the hill in between, go around it! I would definitely go back again.

Windows wouldn't open, view of hall and air conditioning machines This is the prettiest horrible hotel I have ever been to. Possibly the casitas in the old section are what gives it its rating. We did not see one.Our corner Plaze suite was BIG and an extremely long walk through two courtyards (my heart began sinking when I saw the first courtyard. I had an idea what we were in for as I saw open windows and the people in the rooms and closed windows along the dark halls I was walking in). The door to our room opened to a large, lovely living room with loud, admittedly pretty, stereo music greeting us. All blinds were closed, here and in the bedroom which adjoined. When I opened them, I realized why - The bedroom looked out on the air conditioning system - six huge compressors. I tried to open the window - not a chance!The living room looked out on a dark hall and blank wall with a table against it to stop the eye. Those windows didn't open either. We were in sunny Arizona with no way of breathing the air unless we propped our door open and craned our necks to see some sun and sky. When we turned the stereo down we could hear the roar. Even when we left it on, as we did all night, there was still a strange high-pitched noise we could not obliterate.I walked the 10 minute walk back to the front desk, with a wonderfully patient bellman working his second job while trying to get a real estate license, to ask for a different choice. My husband, who had just broken his elbow horseback riding, waited. I was told I had booked the new Plaza area. I had never been told the difference. The only other available room, I was told, was a deluxe room (no living room, which might have been OK with me in exchange for air) so we went to look. That had a balcony, and an opening door, overlooking...the parking lot.I didn't bother trying other choices. Actually, supposedly there were none. There were rooms that looked across a courtyard at other rooms. Not much of a choice. If your room faced the road and the hall, the other option, your windows did'nt open because it would be too noisy. We actually could still hear the cars through the fan vent in the bathroom ceiling.As mentioned in other letters, the pool is too crowded. The restaurant was fully booked for dinner when we got there, but no one had suggested when I reserved a room that I also reserve for dinner. In a way, we turned out to be lucky as it was mostly closed in like the rooms.I could go on as our daughter and her husband and two sons, for whom I had also booked a room, had sililarly difficult experiences.What did I learn? Always ask if the windows open. Just because American Express says it's a Fine Hotel, don't believe it! Don't believe the pictures. Saving grace, our room faced east and a lovely sunrise wakened us.

lovely decor We had a quiet room on the top floor- we called it the penthouse.The decor was lovely and the glass lift well was amazing. It looked into the courtyard where breakfast was served.

Great location This was a lovely hotel. We had a tiny balcony which looked over the street. We were close to the Arc de Triomphe and Champs Elysees.

Wierd Little Hotel My husband and I just returned from a two week trip to Monaco and Italy. We spent our final two nights at the JK Place. When we arrived we were greeted warmly and offered something cool to drink. Our room was nice but very small. We often felt as though we were interupting the staff. There is no real bar and it was very difficult to get a cocktail in the evening. The hotel had a funny smell but our room did not. The feel of this is almost like a bed and breakfast. The mini bar was a nice touch but ours was not restocked during our visit. We had joined Small Luxury Hotels of the World Club and Leading Hotels of the World Club before we left (Highly recommend this). Our hotels were informed we were celebrating our 20th anniversary. When we arrived at our other hotels (Grand Hotel Miramare in Santa Margherita and Grand Hotel Continental in Siena) we were welcomed to wonderful rooms where fresh flowers, fruit, and chilled champage was waiting. There was a very small fruit plate at the JK Place.Overall we were very disappointed in this hotel. If you are looking for a funky, modern, SMALL feel hotel this place would be great. I wish we had picked somewhere else.

Why we were blue at the Ocean Blue We (a couple in our 40's with 2 teens ) just got back from a week at the Ocean Blue yesterday. I will rate our vacation according to the following categories.1. Arrival- We flew in from Cleveland on Delta. No problems at airport, except we had to buy a $10 tourist card for each person prior to clearing customs. We had transfers included via funjet, which contracts with VIP tours in the DR. Found the VIP tour rep, who sent us with a porter and our bags to find bus #44. After a 10 min trek thru the parking lot, finally found the minivan which took us on our 40min drive (with ac) to the hotel. So far, so good.2. Check in- We had only internet confirmation of our reservation, which confused the clerk at the front desk. After a 15min delay, he got a supervisor over who figured it out. We were assigned to our junior suite, #2109 and pointed in the general direction. Got a map of the hotel, a voucher for 1 game of bowling, and were told to tell the bellman where to send the bags. Some language barrier, but both my daughter and I speak some Spanish, so we were OK. No welcome drink.3. The room- A very nice 1st floor large room with 2 queen beds and a sleeper sofa (twin). Nice sized balcony with 2 plastic chairs and a table. Working TV with satellite (had cnn as well as movie channel), small fridge with water and soft drinks, small dresser, adequate closet with inadequate hangers (but I had brought extra, so was OK with that). Safe didnt work so called front desk who said they'd send someone in 15 minutes. Bathroom was nice sized with 2sinks, shower, and jacuzzi tub (which we didnt use).After a half hour, luggage still not there. After 45 minutes, someone came to check the safe and confirmed that it wasnt working, and said they would get someone to fix it. It was about 3pm by now, and I sent my starving family to the buffet to eat while I waited for luggage and the safe to be fixed. Luggage came in about an hr. (tried to get bellboy to fix safe but he couldnt). Family came back and I went to eat. Someone else came to fix safe while husband was in room, but couldnt. Came back just as safe expert arrived with some kind of recoding machine and finally fixed it.Well, at least we were all unpacked by then!3.The pool- 2 beautiful large clean pools, uncrowded, unheated (but didnt real need to be). Everything is very close together, but they have trams running for those who dont want to walk. A swim up bar in each pool. One jacuzzi (We didnt go in). One free standing bar in between the pools, a bar at the beach, and a buffet and bar combo between the pools and the beach. Adequate supply of plastic lounge chairs in good condition, with some umbrellas and tables.Waterpolo area in pool. Shallow kiddie pool area. 4. The beach- Lots of canvas lounges (often full tho) covered by some poles with canvas coverings (you can see photos on other reviews). Ocean was full of kelp and water was quite sandy. Not much swimming room-rope barrier was in place to protect us from many boats,etc. ++ fumes from boats. Rock climbing wall on the beach (very limited hours). Bocci ball, volleyball on the beach. Shack set up for water sports, rentals etc. Drink service at pool and beach was entirely self service, tho there were some busboys going around picking up used glasses. We were issued a towel card (one per person) at the front desk. Often, there was a lack of clean towels and we learned to reuse our towels rather than risking taking back our towel card. They keep saying Quince Minutos (15 minutes) for a new towel, when it can really be and hr or more.5.The food- Dont quite know where to begin.The buffet at the pool is open from about 10:30 to 5pm and has hamburgers, hot dogs, fruits, basic salad, pastries, icecream, and several varying hot dishes and breads.Fruits were very good. Otherwise, food there ranged from ok to terrible. Very little seasoning to foods, heavy on the starches. Often ran out of ketchup. Strange icecream flavors (very heavy on the rum raisin, prune?!, and coconut, and a pink one that we think was bubblegum). Other buffet was open for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Food was better there. For breakfast, there were made to order omelets and pancakes, donuts, pastries, fruits, breads, lox (no bagels), cheeses, and a hot table with different meats, cooked items and again lots of starches of varying types. Oh, also cold cereal, juices and juice drinks. Lunch was similiar, except no omelets of pancakes-different meats etc instead. Ditto for dinner, with the addition of a pasta station and sometimes a psuedo-asian section and some grilled meats (sometimes steak, chops, etc.). Fair to good quality in general. Had to eat at the buffet the 1st nite, after that could reserve specialty restaurants every day from 7am-3pm at a manned computer at the entrance to the buffet.6. Specialty restaurants. Food was quite variable. Dominican was the most pleasant, as far as service and speed of service. Dominican food in general was very starchy and not very seasoned, but it was interesting to try it. Appetizers were the best there, as was the drink they brought (kind of a fruit punch with alcohol). Mexican was not authentic at all. Soggy tortilla chips, OK salsa, an appetizer buffet that was OK. Main dishes were made with (I kid you not) Velveeta cheese and were one step down from Chi Chi's. It was here that we waited half an hour for dessert while our waiter made himself up a food plate from the buffet and ate it. American restaurant not too bad but service was OK. Velveeta cheese again here, on the hamburger. Italian- avoid the pastas- get the shrimp tempura (dont know how that became Italian, but it was good.)7. Coffee shop- Very good. Good cookies. Pies and pastries not so good. Coffee and coffee drinks are good and the service is fast and pleasant as well.8.Service- This is where the place fails miserably. With the above noted exceptions, and some friendly bartenders , for the most part the service was simply awful. Tables were very slow to be cleared at the buffet. The staff would watch you looking for a table, sit in a section, not bring you any silverware etc, and then finally redirect you to another section, only to make you wait again for silverware, coffee water, etc. Several times my husband or I went up and got our own silverware or coffee, only to be rebuked by the same waiters who couldnt be bothered to get it 1st. I often felt invisible while waiting for a drink at the bar-no acknowledgement at all while they either cleaned something, rearranged the glassware, or left the area. Of course, sometimes they were serving other people (who got there after me).Service in the room was no better. My daughter did sleep in late (til about 12 to 2pm) so we didnt expect the room cleaned early. However, it didnt get cleaned at all.We had to make several calls to the front desk on 2 occasions to finally have the room cleaned by about 6 or 7pm by the poor night maid who got left with the work (we tipped her). This was after tipping the day maid $5 to get us enough towels and water for the 4 of us,and $2 on the night before.Finally, we were stood up by the bell boy on the way home- waited a half hr and finally carried our own luggage to the lobby. No apology was offered.9. Activities- Bowling was fun, however the scoreboard malfunctioned and it was $15 a game after the 1st free one. There were 2 air hockey tables (one working), several pool tables, and 2 foosball tables (with some broken parts). There was a disco that opened at 11pm (OK per my dtr), a casino (dont go there) that opens at 7pm and closes at 3am),shows at 10pm-11pm (contests, song and dance, one folkloric act from Santo Domingo- they tried, but were just ok to terrible), vendors one night at the resort (bargain very hard- dont pay more than one third of what they ask), ping pong at the pool, and a kids center at the pool. No organized teen activities. Dance lessons at the pool, and water aerobics-pretty good. The music at the pool was very repetitive and annoying. The activity staff seemed pretty hardworking, but were mostly friendly to only very attractive young ladies and men, if you know what I mean. My 17 yo daughter was hit on by an employee at the disco who gave her his phone # and asked what her room # was. She was completely creeped out, especially when he showed her photos of his family.10.Insects and other wildlife. Mosquitos at dusk, mostly attacked just me. Lots of millipedes crawling around the room. Crickets and grasshoppers in the halls. Bats flying around at night. Most excitingly, my daughter discovered a large tarantula while attempting to open our safe one evening. After a bloodcurdling scream, my husband ran over (we all ran the other way of course) and killed it with a shoe. We asked the maid about it, and she said they were very rare, but then we saw them mounted for sale for souveneirs at the beach!11. Shopping- There are vendors at the beach. Again, they ask exorbitant ammounts of money($11 for a keychain) and then seem insulted when you offer them a fair price. It is possible to bargain, but there are really no bargains here. We took a cab to Plaza Bavaro which was even worse- stall after stall of the same souveneirs at inflated prices, and people yelling at you to come into their shops for the 1st sale of the day where everything is 50-99% off.12. In summary, I would not return to this resort or this island. They both have alot of potential, but for the price we paid (close to $7000 US for our family of 4 on a holiday week) we could have had a much nicer experience either on a cruise or at an all inclusive in Mexico (which we have done in the past).

Great quirky hotel with lovely service Spent a long weekend at the Times Hotel in a canal room on the top floor. The room was built into the roof, so tall people would have to duck under some of the beams, but at 5'3 i had no problems! (My boyfriend is 6 ft and there was only the beam by the front door that he had to duck under, but the room was big enough that you didn't need to go near it again!) Painted blue, with a print on one of the walls, the room was kinda quirky. It was quite spacious, with a cute bathroom which was clean and modern. Fresh towels were provided each day, but the rooms were not tidied during our stay.The front desk was always friendly, and its 24 hours, which gives you peace of mind. There are wi-fi internet facilities in the hotel, however I didn't have my laptop with me, so they let me use their computer to check into my flight! Didn't try the breakfast in the hotel, although it looked good, but wanted to get out and about so didn't try it out. Its an additional for breakfast.We paid for the 3 night stay. It wasn't cheap, but it was good quality, in a good location with friendly service. I would stay again, and would definitely recommend to my friends.

Loved The Aston!!! I am so happy that I didn't take advice from the other reviews about this hotel...I had a wonderful time there...Upon arrival my bags were brought up to my room immediately...I was upgraded to an ocean view room #1213 and the view was beautiful...I called for a coffee maker and that was brought up in a matter of minutes...My room was cleaned daily and fresh towels, shampoo and soap was replaced without asking!!! The pool was not crowded, but I prefer the ocean and it was right across the street...A car was not needed because everything imaginable was within walking distant...The Tiki Restaurant was great!!! Fast service and pleasant wait staff...The room was decorated in a kind of Retro fashion, not for me but very clean and cute!!!The Honolulu Zoo was within walking distant as was the Aquarium...Places to eat and shopping were also close... In the evening you can sit on the lanai and listen to the bands they have there nightly...I truly found nothing wrong with this hotel and will stay there again when I return to Honolulu!!!

Great Location!!! My stay at The Island Colony was wonderful!!! My room was on the 17th floor room number 1717... It faced the canal...The room was clean and the bed was comforable...The staff was very pleasant and helpful in giving directions and suggesting restauarants...I enjoyed the pool and also the area around the pool if you prefer a more peaceful and private place to get some sun...The lanai is great as far as having coffee or a meal, totally private...I am a woman and I travel alone, I felt very safe both in the hotel area and the surrounding streets...Plenty of police patroling both in cruisers and on foot.. There is a great bakery, that I visited often...Walk out the main lobby, make a left, walk to the first intersection, cross the street and make another left it is on the right hand side of the street (Saint-German Bakery)...Seaside Bar and Grill has a great breakfast and many dinner specials...(Cheap) I also took a morning Catamaran sail on the Makani, it is a brand new boat and the crew was just great!!!You might also like to visit Sea Life Park, I really enjoyed myself there, Dolphins, sea lions and many other sea animals...I even swam with the dolphins, the highlight of my trip..I would certainly stay at The Colony my next trip!!!If your looking for luxury, this isn't the hotel for you, but if your on a budget, most definetly stay here.... DMD, Ohio

Great Hotel Rooms were as promised, beds comfortable. Parking limited but public parking is below building $15 per night, no in/out. You can usually park at the Hotel during the day and when you come in for the night - park in the public garage..Cash only.

Out of this world! We stayed here for 5 nights to attend a friend's wedding in the hotel. One of the best hotels I've stayed in Singapore. The staff were courteous, efficient and helpful. I receive a complimentary birthday cake by surprise. The pools were clean. Breakfast was good. Good location. Rooms spacious and luxurious. Absolutely wonderful. Highly recommended!

Another fantastic hotel in Singapore! This hotel is real class with impeccable service! I stayed there for two nights as a stopover on the way to Oz. I wanted to treat myself, so i thought what the heck? The really go the extra mile for their customers. For example, they contacted the airport about my lost luggage without even me asking. They also opened the breakfast diner 20 mins earlier because i had an early flight to catch! Now, i wasn't even staying in a suite, just a standard room. The one problem i have about this property is that it's quite hard to get to. It's not very close to any MRT stations. But that's all. I highly recommend it.

old fashioned in a nice way the cathedral geese.

Great getaway at the back of the hotel

room was a pleasant surprise I had read that Ibis rooms were small and the bathrooms extremely compact -- it was a pleasant surprise to find that there was plenty of space for a one-night stay and the bathroom very efficiently organized. Everything was crisply clean and comfortable, and the hotel is well-located for easy train access to the city attractions. The restaurant was noisy and there were minor mistakes with our order, but our experience overall was a good one.

Pleasant, efficent but noisy From our room on the 20th floor

New Years at Ocean Blue

very pleased with this hotel We were really pleased with the Montecarlo. It is very conveniently located and the entrance and ground floor are charming. The staff at reception were very helpful, particularly when we unexpectedly had to extend our stay from 4 nights to 7 due to an unfortunate accident. The room, although it had no view, was very comfortable and completely quiet, despite the hotel's location on a busy street - La Rambla. There is a charming roof top from which we watched fireworks. The breakfast was excellent, although, at 15 euros, a lttle expensive (as hotel breakfasts often are).

Junior Suite I would like to move in indefinitely to the Junior Suite of the Arcotel Velvet Hotel. I stayed there in August 2005. The slanted floor to ceiling windows overlook one of the trendiest neighborhoods in Berlin. There are comfortable black leather seats in the sitting area and a luxurious bed and cedar closets in the sleeping area of the suite.Next door to the hotel, you will find an edgy art and performance space, Tacheles. The buildings were targeted for demolition, but squatters took over. Now there are numerous studios, graffitti covered stairwells, and an outdoor night club with a bonfire. Directly across the street, there is an excellent Singaporan restaurant. I ate there twice. Sit outside under the extraordinarily powerful heatlamps and order something with mango. The historic Neue Synagogue is also close by. If you are taking a taxi cab from anywhere back to the hotel, point to Tacheles on a map. The drivers I met had not yet heard of the brand new Arcotel, but they all knew of Tacheles. There is free Internet access in the hotel lobby bar. My only criticism is that there appeared to be few hotel employees (my room was not made up on Sunday until after 3 p.m. and I was on my own to figure out how to open and close the high tech windows ... uh, duh, by switches on the wall!).At 120 Euros per night, my Junior Suite was an amazing value. I cannot wait to return!

Extremely comfortable! Comfortable beds - probably the most comfortable I've slept in in a hotel. Clean and neat and well-equipped: coffeemaker, room fridge, room safe, iron and ironing board. Nice big clean bathroom. Very quiet room. Nice television with cable. Ice bucket and for once, the hotel provides the can opener. Excellent location. The subway station is right around the corner. Take the #1 uptown and you are everywhere. Walked a few blocks to Tribeca and had dinner at the Tribeca Grill. Delicious. Stopped at a grocery store in Tribeca and stocked up on soda for the room. I'd love to spend an entire week in this hotel and see a lot more of New York. I recommend it to anyone who likes to relax in comfort at the end of a day of trekking all over the city!

Would return in a heartbeat We spent three wonderful days at the Komaneka over Thanksgiving '07, and I can't wait to return. Although I booked a standard suite room, we were upgraded very unexpectedly at check in to a valley view pool villa, and wow, was it nice. Having our own plunge pool was the best part of the stay - we were in the pool 3-4 times a day, and it was a great way to cool down after a hot and dusty excursion to town. Loved the outdoor bathtub and the comfortable room and bed - plus the fact that once you walk in your compound and shut the door you are completely shut off from the world. the outdoor bale is a great place to read or nap, and the room feels almost outdoors with the glass walls all around. A great impression of being in the middle of nowhere and total privacy. The friendly staff will do anything you ask, but do know that it will happen slowly. That's ok, though, because part of the pleasure of Bali is the pace.The hotel is far from Ubud, but it isn't a significant problem if, like us, you were relaxing rather than strenuously touring or shopping. The hotel has a shuttle that runs all day, typically 10-15 minutes behind schedule ;-) We had the special candlelight smoked duck dinner at the main pool and it was good food and well worth the splurge to have the flowers and hundreds of floating candles and flowers. What a treat! We also booked a rice paddy walk via the hotel which we totally enjoyed - reasonable prices and really knowledgeable guide. I suspect that their other excursions are similarly worthwhile, and reasonable. I also had two very nice massages while there - the spa facilities are smallish but very pleasant.We're reccomending Komaneka to everyone we know -- and plan to return ourselves. Oh, and if you are dithering over the price for the pool rooms - just do it. I will next time, the privacy of your own pool can't be beat.

Great little Hotel Plaza Mayor Just returned from a weekend here. Very central location, only a few steps from the Plaza Mayor itself, and a short walk from the nearest metro at Sol (we flew into Barajas T4, just under 1 hour from landing to arriving at hotel, with the connecting bus between termini (?) taking a fair bit of that time). A clean, small but well equipped room and very helpful and friendly receptionists night porter. We followed their recommendations for places to eat out and were not disappointed. A comprehensive (for such a small hotel) hot and cold buffet breakfast is available - and at only each, a bargain. If you like a firm bed, room 305 certainly had one, together with a view out on to Calle Atocha. Usual city noise out on the street, but the closed windows eliminated most of that. There is no heavy passing traffic (as in say Gran Via), just local stuff, although the fire station and police HQ were nearby, so there were a few sirens about.

Centrally located Centrally, but quietly, located in a pedestrian street just off the Ramblas, the Petit Palace Opera Garden Ramblas was an ideal location for a few days in Barcelona. It was 5 minutes walk from Plaza Catalunya and the airport bus terminus, a minute from the Rambla, and 2 minutes from the Cathedral. We requested a quiet room and were given one overlooking the rear garden. Our room was upgraded to a Hi Tech room, which included a massage jet shower, flat screen TV installed laptop (free connection). The bed seemed bigger than king size, and was very comfortable (room 1305), probably the best night's sleep ever in a hotel. Part of the Hi-Tech group, I believe the hotel was recently refurbished/opened, and is decorated in a modern minimalist style with a colour scheme of black, white and orange! Safe boxes in the room were free, and operated with your own credit card. The breakfast room and other public areas were a bit on the stark side. Comprehensive buffet breakfast. We paid euros 113 plus taxes for 2 of us, per night including breakfast. The published rate at reception was euros 275 (not sure if that was a standard room or hi-tech price). Overall, a good choice for a short break, where central location and a good night's sleep is important!

first class hotel We stayed from january 31 to february 3, loved this hotel, very comfortable, modern, clean and beautiful. The service is impeccable. This hotel is well located right in the action and is a quiet relief from the busy activities in MC. We will return next year. We ate at the winebar restaurant twice. the food was excellent.

Love staying here We've just booked our third stay at the Princess Kaiulani for the end of December 08.In 2002 for our 40th anniversary we stayed at the Hilton hawaiin village. It was nice but not very special. The staff in the restaurants and at the hotel were not friendly nor particularly helpful.When we booked our next trip, we stayed at the PK and were very pleased with everything. On our second visit, our room was upgraded and we were treated to a surprise bottle of sparkling wine.The entire staff is helpful and friendly. They go out of their way to make you feel welcome.

Interesting We are originally New Yorkers who now live in a northern suburb. I was going to my 25th High School Reunion in Manhattan on 11/11/00-we had to take my small, Pekingese dog with us. Sofitel accomodated the dog-the room and bathroom was beautiful-but a little small if one was staying more than 2-3 nights. Fitness room was awesome-each cardio piece had it's own TV. Service was okay-it took us 25 minutes to get our luggage-and the dog was among the checked pieces-also, the valet car parking was a little slow. Still, a wonderful stay!

Fantastic hotel Just arrived back from a weekend stay at this hotel - it is super. Very nice rooms, breakfast excellent, very friendly staff and most of all very clean. I would stay here again when I have another weekend in London. Excellent value for money.

Excellent We found this hotel on tripadvisor and have just returned from a 3 night stay. We were welcomed with cava (very nice touch). The hotel location is very good, only a 5 minute walk from Las Ramblas and train station. The staff were very helpful and friendly, rooms spacious and very clean. We would not hesitate to stay again when we return to Barcelona.

Excellent stay open plan bathroom

Great hotel comfy bed

I liked that place!!!!!! slot maching mirror in corridor

Great for travellers or business! Despite a few finishing touches being tended to, and training of staff still ongoing, this hotel was an absolutely great spot for an overnight stay and should appeal to a wide variety of clients.The rooms are well designed for longer stays with a microwave, dishwasher, washer and dryer, iron and board.....and a hairdryer (*if you look in the cupboard below the sink). The bathroom has a walk in shower and separate tub so the one sink vanity is somewhat small, but glass shelves add to the storage potential.As well, the bed was comfy (though not heavenly) and the glass desk/work area with 2 chairs, one an swivel leather desk chair, was good for our morning Starbucks fix...located right across the street. In our suite there was an electric fireplace, with a television on top, a glass fronted armoire for clothing (thank you for skinny mirrors!) and a lounge chair and ottoman. I forgot to ask for a higher floor so we were on the 8th, but besides the odd street noise, we found the suite quiet. There was a faint smell of paint in the morning at the elevators, but besides that, you wouldn't know there was any construction going on.The lobby is spacious and tastefully decorated, with two main entrances on opposite sides of the building for easy access to public transit right outside the door. We found all staff very friendly and helpful, but they are still training people and it's obvious from the previous review, they may not have all that worked out quite yet. But our experience was above average in that regard. We did make use of the courtesy cars and had a ride in a '72 Rolls to a restaurant in the Distillery District (Boiler House .....fantastic meal, great jazz) which was wonderful. We didn't visit the cafe on site and the restaurant is still under construction, but there is a room service menu and nearby eateries so that wasn't a problem. If you are looking for a more luxurious, spacious suite for a romantic getaway, this might not be the place for you. Otherwise I think it's a real find in downtown Toronto!

Superb Location We agree with most of what has already been said about this hotel. The location is ideal for a break in Florence as it is near most of the sites you may want to visit. The rooms are beautiful and contain many original features. The hotel is clean and well maintained. It was not overrun with staff during our visit and for most of the time it seemed there was only one member of staff on the premises. He or she worked at Reception but left there if you wanted a drink from the bar or to take something to your room. More staff appeared in the mornings to serve breakfast and to service the rooms. The staff that we did have contact with were friendly and willing to help. The public rooms on the ground floor were not used very much during our stay and were not really designed for many guests to congregate at one time. On the whole, we were glad we found Il Guelfo Bianco. It is friendly, clean, well maintained and ideally located.

Hotel review The Palomar is not quite a 5 star hotel, after all. I would class it at a 4 at best. The lux king was small and those rooms are located on the noisey side of the hotel which I wasn't told when booking. The reception desk was nice and helpful, but do not expect a 5 star hotel.

Loved the Embassy experience I read a lot of good reviews about the Embassy and decided to risk it after reading that construction was going on at the El San Juan. Room 416 which we were assigned was a very pleasant surprise. We did not expect a suite with two televisions. Everything was impeccable, the staff helpful and courteous. We checked in on Oct. 20 thru 23, and the details were those we expect from the high end hotels. A newspaper at the door on weekdays, shower heads with several options, the huge array of choices at complimentary breakfast. I had expected something akin to a Continental breakfast. I was blown away by the breakfast choices and small details like a cherry on the plate when the omlette was returned by the cook. The hotel is in an enclave so we walked out to the main street, Ave Isla Verde, and right across the street was the A5 bus to Old San Juan. We still patronized the casino at the El San Juan which is 5 mins away because it is bigger than the casino at the Embassy. My husband said it best, on a scale of 1 to 5, I give them a 10.

Perfect solution for 2 night stay Just spent 2 nights in Amsterdam at the end of a Rhine River cruise and this hotel was in a good location within easy walk of Leidseplein and the museums, shops, restaurants and several other areas of interest - also bus and trams were just in front of the American Hotel about a 5 minute walk away. The bus 197 or 370 to the airport was only 4 euros and from the Central Station to Leidseplein it was only 1.60 euros. The breakfast was nice - cereals, juices, fruit, yogurt, breads, cheeses, meats and eggs w coffee and tea. We had a nice room facing the front of the hotel which is on a quiet street in a pretty neighborhood. I would stay there again.

Cantalonia Royal Nice but Problems We just returned from the Cantalonia Royal on June 23rd. Our vacation started off poorly as we were given a smelly , warm room. We took the problem to management and they assured us it was because the room had been empty and it takes time to cool off. The next day we were still having problems with the air conditioning and again we went to management. They offered us 2 other rooms, both of which were no cooler than ours. The second night things got really bad and the air stopped working completly. It was a long night. At 6 am I asked management to come to my room - they agreed the air was no longer working and they had to move us right away. They gave us a new room in a different villa and it was 100% better. So.... after our second night - third day.... we were finally able to relax and enjoy. I enjoyed the rest of my vacation but felt like I was robbed of 2 enjoyable days. It's difficult to leave a warm beach for a warm room and just as challenging leaving a warm shower nto a warm room and then dressing for dinner. I thought the resort on the Royal side was well worth the money because the regular side was crowded and full of loud partying kids - young and old. The Grand buffet was not so good and was often warm and full of flys. The restuarants were nice and the beach was beautiful. I won't go back - I will return to Majestic.... they take you seriousely when there is a problem.

BEWARE: "The Foxes Are In Charge of the Henhouse After having experienced the Ambar personally, I feel the one thing that was consistent at this Hotel was the inconsistency of just about everything. Having said that, when we checked into our room, there was NO flat/plasma tv that everybody else raves about. Ours was a very small screen (perhaps 19) and much older than other guests have reported. As a matter of fact, every day when I walked past other rooms at the Hotel, (main floor, bldg. #61) it seemed to be a hit or miss depending on what room you were in. Some had flat/plasma tv's, but most didn't. No big deal, however, Ambar advertises flat/plasma tv so we were disappointed that there wasn't one in our room.Speaking of the room, I have to agree with the majority of the people who said it was beautiful well-appointed. That was at first glance... However, I also have to agree with a previous reviewer who said the workmanship was shoddy. M. Holmes would have a thing or two to say - especially about the way the tiles in the bathroom were affixed to the walls and the fact that there is no ventillation or window in there. Talk about humidity - I cannot imagine how much mildew is under the false ceiling - yikes!!! Oh yeah, our bathtub worked, however, big crack in it so I guess that's what caused the leakage.Libations were also inconsistent; even when the same drink was ordered whether it was the lobby or pool bar. On several occasions we ordered the same drink which you got as a 'frozen' or sometimes came with two ice cubes. When I ordered pina coladas at the pool bar, I had to ask for the rum to be added. In other words, they're serving 'virgin' coladas unless the customer requests the rum be put in. Must be why they were going down so 'smooth'....While we're on the subject of the bars, I've got to mention the fact that I have a more extensive bar at my own home than they do at this 5 star Hotel!!! They have huge areas to hold lots of bottles, however, the shelves are practically empty!!! What was really odd to me too was when you ordered a drink, the bartender would disappear behind a door then reappear minutes later with your drink. Why does he go in the back room to make my drink, why not make it there at the bar? Also, perhaps the Hotel should check into the demographics of their clients. I witnessed many Canadians, some who have even gotten on this website and mentioned a love for Canadian Club as one of their favourite drinks. Not all of us live on beer , wine the frozen drinks.. Why not 'loosen the purse strings' and buy a few bottles of a decent rye and other spirits!As for the food, the Ambar has a far way to go to achieve the 5-star status. First of all, I don't recommend salting any meats before the cooking process. I don't know what that's all about, however, it's just not healthy! Every time I watched the chefs at the buffet restaurants at the Amber cook meat, they salted it. Let me be the judge of how much salt I want on my meat.One other thing the restaurants should invest in are some decent grills for the meat. The buffets all had a flat stainless steel surfaces which the chef would place the meat on; only after they had poured a good amount of oil. I can feel my arteries clogging as I write this!I also agree with a lot of the previous reviewers: the best meals were at the buffets and not the a-la-cartes. We were also disappointed that the Japanese Restaurant was booked all week; even before we had checked in!!! Go figure!I must say that the one thing that was consistent at the buffets and restaurants were the smiles of the staff; especially a woman by the name of Rosa who greeted us at the door. What a sweetheart she was! Every day we looked forward to her smiles and kind words.I feel I must mention the beauty of the Hotel and the grounds, including the beach. Absolutely lovely!In closing, I would also like to mention that we had some money taken from our locked safe/room the night before we left the D. R. We reported it to customer service who apparently followed Hotel procedures. They took us back to our room, checked our room and our luggage then said they would write a report. We were then dismissed. I've read other reviewers who reported things missing from their rooms too. As a matter of fact, since our return from the D. R. I've researched this subject and have found numerous articles about the same topic. My boss tells me she found herself in the exact same circumstance when she visited the D. R. four years ago! Like I say, BEWARE!!

not that good. fairly well equipt clean room,but beds were on huge wheels and if you moved too quickly they skated across the room,we were on the 7th floor at the front overlooking the road junction,lovely view in to a block of flats to one side of us. !!..we were only here for 2 nights so it was ample for our needs which was basically a bed and shower really,3 of us shared a room so it was cheaper.there is a lovely hotel/pub about 500 yards away that did lovely food and they were really friendly,there is a shop just across the junction but they have no prices on the produts or shelves so beware they could charge over the top if they dislike you.we walked from our hotel to the harbour bridge and opera house a distance of about 2.5 kms one way! ( we would have gone by bus if we had realised but there was lots to look at in the CBD(central business district)so it was a gentle stroll.it was a good stoll in the rain too.we probably would'nt stay here again,but it was ok at the time.we were on a stop over from nz to the uk,they have a shuttle bus to take you to the airport and it goes through chinatown which was amazing.if you like ice in your drinks ask for a room on the 9th floor cos there is an ice machine there,you can buy most things in the hotel from various vending machines but beware they don't give change,the reception desk has very helpful staff and they can direct you and give you a map to wherever you want to go.there is a lift to all floors,although one night we ran down the fire escape stairs cos the lifts were very busy,(you can use these stairs if you don't like lifts)none of the windows open in the rooms so they all have air-conditioning,which is fairly quiet,room has a tv and direct dial phone,overall not too bad,bus stops to more or less anywhere in sydney are about 200 metres from front of hotel.bondi is about a 25 minute bus journey which was well worth the effort.in fact bondi made the whole trip worthwhile!!

Great place to stay in Madrid! This hotel was a wonderful place to stay in Madrid. It was conveniently located, the staff was incredibly helpful, and the rooms were great. The hotel even has dark shutters to keep out the light for those late Spanish nights! The only slight drawback is the lack of room service on-site. Overall this hotel is perfect for visiting Madrid in style.

Great experience This hotel was lovely. We booked through their website and got a room with a patio that was great at night. The hotel staff was very friendly (we dont speak any Spanish) and were so helpful. We definitely recommend this hotel for the location and the quality of the hotel. Great experience here!

Excellent stay at the Hotel D'Aubusson! My husband, 6 year old daughter and I stayed at the Hotel d'Aubusson July 1-5. A good friend stayed here during the winter and raved about the hotel and the service. We booked the Romance Package (not much romance with our 6 year old in tow) and it was worth every euro. Our stay in a deluxe room included a private transfer from the airport, roses and champagne in the room, tickets to the Louvre, breakfast each day, a bateau mouche ride, tickets to a concert and a delicious champagne lunch with foie gras. We considered staying on the Right Bank as we've done in the past, but we would have gotten much less for the same price.Our room was spacious by Paris standards. At first, I was disappointed that we didn't have one of the exposed beamed rooms they show on their website, but it turned out to not be a big deal. The rooms are super-soundproofed from street noise. We all slept very soundly. Since we weren't there over the weekend, I can't comment on the noise from the jazz band that plays in the lounge. The Hermes toiletries are a nice touch. Housekeeping did a great job cleaning our room and replenished all our toiletries daily.The staff is unfailingly polite and helpful. We asked for recommendations multiple nights for places to go for dinner and were never disappointed. We particularly liked the restaurant Aux Charpentiers, which is walking distance from the hotel. The neighborhood is wonderful and close to everything. There are lots of restaurants to choose from and great shopping (a wonderful children's clothing store is on the Rue Dauphine across the street from the hotel called Bois de Rose and you can walk to Pierre Herme on Rue Bonaparte). You can't go wrong by staying at the Hotel d'Aubusson.

Great Hotel... cannot fault this hotel at all, we were pleasantly surprised by the decor cleanliness of the hotel. The staff were very helpful - some guests I saw were quite abrupt rude.....politeness costs little. The pool area was great, has a fantastic view, and the overall situation of this hotel is excellent. Very close (within easy walking distance), of a shopping mall (Coconut Walk), and you can safely walk around the area. The only negative we had was - with being English - we prefer self-parking to valet parking, and the valet's didn't seem to quite understand we wanted to park our car ourselves......rather than pay excessive amounts for the privilege.Overall the hotel was great, we did get a good bargain from Skyauction, and would definately go back to this hotel again.

Nice hotel Cannot quite believe all the negative readings of this hotel. Yes, it does need a little TLC, but it is an older hotel, the lobby is lovely and spacious, the grounds are great as well, and you can walk along the boardwalks in either direction at night, overlooking the sea. You have to be quick to get a poolside lounger, but doesn't that happen all over the world !!! ....we decided to pay the $5 for a lounger on the beach, which was great. The snack bar by the pool do nice food during the day, and we had dinner twice in the hotel ($20 for a buffet - but you get to eat as much as you can), great food - we enjoyed it anyway !!! We did have quite abit of noise from the road (as our room overlooked the entrance), but it didn't stop us having 10 hours sleep each night !!! Would of probably liked the Hotel to be nearer the action on South Beach, but you pay extra for that, and it can also be quite noiser there. If you drive, the only problem you have is trying to park, but you'll always find somewhere. Valet parking was OK at $9 per night.

Excellente! Stayed 4 nights last week at the Excellence Punta Cana and the only complaint I have is that I should have booked it for longer. I think 5 nights would have been perfect. I read many reviews of the resort after booking the trip to celebrate my husband's 40th birthday as well as our anniversary. I wasn't sure what to expect, since some of the reviews I read were quite poor. I can tell you for a fact, that the Excellence Punta Cana could not possibly be better. The resort is absolutely beautiful, the beach is gorgeous and isolated. Everything is well-run, from the restaurants to the bars to the nightly entertainment. Our favorite restaurants were Agave, Barcelona, and of the course the breakfast each morning at Toscana was wonderful. We had the swim-up suite, ocean-view, Excellence Club level and it was totally worth it. We thought we were in paradise. Yes, the bus ride from the airport is very bumpy pothole-filled, but certainly not the brush with death others would have you believe. Once you get to the resort, the long, bumpy ride is well worth it. Do bring one dollar bills for tipping. The staff is extremely friendly, everyone is so happy there. We did not book any excursions, we didn't need too; the pool and the beach were so great we were not bored . We can't wait to go back, only next time we'll book for a longer stay!

Kudos to Nadia Hotel We stayed at the Nadia 1 night before we went on Safari and then another 2 nights on return. They not only stored some of our luggage, but also had a Welcome Home bouquet for us on our return from Africa. The manager and his staff are extremely friendly and helpful and make every attempt to make your stay in Amsterdam memorable. The location is great with a bus and tram stop less than a block away. Many rooms face the canal. We were in Room 413 which was delightful. Breakfast is included and is in a bright, airy flower-filled room; coffee and tea service are provided in your room. Even though this is a budget hotel, it is clean and is a great value, with many amenities. Yes, there are steep steps, but they provide much needed exercise for most of us. (There is always someone there to take your luggage up and down from street level.)

AVOID!!!! Possibly my worst experience of Los Angeles.We had been touring the west coast for 3 weeks and booked this hotel as our final destination, the last 3 nights of our holiday. It was the most expensive and by far the worst in both terms of facilities and service.When we arrived there was some kind of magician's event on at the club....we found it very difficult to find parking...but accepted that it was a one off due to the event.When we arrived at reception our visit started promisingly, we were met with a cocktail and a very enthusiastic female. We were shown to our room....right at the very back of the hotel in a corner on the first floor.Right away...I had my reservations. The room layout was very very odd and snug to say the least. As we had been travelling by parter was desperate for a shower. As soon as the shower went on..the lights and the tv in the room started to flash on and off.....there was a terrible rackett from a generator and the pwoer cut on and off....Right away I called reception who told me they'd send an engineer....The engineer arrived to tell me that the room had been made by splitting a larger room into two...and that he'd had reservations about the electricity circuit since it had been done. Right away I called reception to explain....they advised that they'd fix it the following day. I refused to stay in a room which was unsafe. To be fair to the hotel...all be it grudgingly....they moved us another room, a much larger room, right next to reception.

Lovely small hotel My husband and I recently stayed at the Santa Maria Novella Hotel at the beginning and end of our trip to Italy for a total of four nights. I booked because the majority of reviews on Trip Advisor were good, but had a few reservations ...a few comments on rude staff and too near the train station for my own personal taste. ( I normally depend on Karen Brown Travels as a guide and this hotel is not listed in her book). The SMN met all our expectations. It was clean, great access, friendly staff, nicely furnished, great bathrooms. The price was very reasonable for the level of accomodation in Florence. It was very quiet, great linens, and there was no problem at all walking around at night. I would highly recommend and would return without a second thought. I had read that the man with the mustache was rude...I did not have that experience at all. I think he is just a bit reserved and was very accomodating. Also interesting to note that the JFK Hotel (highly rated) is just a few doors away (and and extra $100 or so euros a night).

Nice Stay at Enormous Hotel We were in Dallas for a quick trip and got a fantastic deal on the Anatole. This hotel is HUGE, one of the largest I have seen. The grounds are beautiful and the hotel is very well kept. The staff were friendly. It is convenient to most of the city. Although the room was a good bargain, the hotel does charge for just about everything that it can consider an extra, including parking. Although I am used to paying for parking in many metropolitan areas, I lived in Dallas for several years and there is plentiful parking everywhere for free so I was surprised by this. The room was a nice size. I would stay there again.

Great Stay at the Omni I stayed at the Omni for a girl's weekend. The room was plenty big, especially by NYC standards, for three people. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The location is great for anyone looking to shop along Madison Ave or 5th Ave. Cabs are aplenty and the subway is also nearby. We walked into Times Square and to Central Park. My only complaint is that the hotel is a little on the noisy side. We could hear the people in the room next to us and people in the hall. A little soundproofing would go a long way.

Incredible Resort!!! My daughter and I had the opportunity to fly to Punta Cana on April 18th for eight days in conjunction with the wedding of her daughter/my granddaughter at Excellence Resort just down the beach, leaving Minnesota during a snowstorm! How awesome is that? Our flight to Punta Cana went without a hitch for the most part -- connecting flight was on time from Atlanta, and we arrived to be met by sunny 80-something degree temps and LOTS of people, including the photo gals (hola!!) and dancers trying to get our attention as we made our way to our luggage. We paid our $10 on arrival -- crazy tax if you ask me considering how much we spent in country as well as traveling there! Kind of confusing getting to our transportation through Viator, but made it, and then on to the hotel. Our driver was excellent in negotiating the roads (and potholes) and we arrived to the resort being met with cold washcloths. On arrival, there was some confusion regarding our reservation, and in the process of check-in I lost a purse with my Spanish translation dictionary and $25 cash for tips in it. That was never located even after several attempts through the front desk and concierge. That made us rather angry, but not too much could be done about it -- someone just lucked out. Our first room was on the ground floor towards the beach, musty smelling, and we were greeted by a centipede crawling on the floor. It was obviously not the picture that we saw when we originally booked. In addition, the fridge was not working and neither was the A/C. Maintenance was called but no luck there in solving the mechanical problems. We called the front desk to change rooms but were told the resort was full and it was not possible. My daughter however did persist in the request after going to the beach and pool later on with it being obvious the resort was not full judging by the amount of people we saw. The second day we inquired again, and after two visits with the concierge, were able to transfer rooms after 3 p.m. to the other side of the resort, third floor, ocean view. Then our vacation kicked into gear! The food was fantastic, the drinks awesome (just be sure to tell them you want liquor in the drink), and the beach and pools wonderful! Even the afternoon grill by the beach for burgers and brats was great! Plenty of fresh fruit all the time even from the fruit stand by the pool area. The restaurants (5 of them) must have excellent chefs -- our food was always presented beautifully, and tasted great! The staff was for the most part very friendly, and seemed to want to please us whenever they could. We loved the Three Amigos who serenaded us every night at dinner (except for the Chinese restaurant) and the theater activities every evening were incredible. The children were always a part of the theater evenings, and the staff was very gracious in including them with their music and dancing. One could tell that the Explorers Club kept the kids very busy, and they must have had lots of fun judging by their interactions with staff on stage at the theater in the evenings. We loved walking on the beach and felt very secure with the security staff always in attendance, even in the evenings. The beach area was nice and clean, and we knew their was coral a little ways out, so had water shoes in case we went out that far. Other nice areas down the beach for swimming though, so no problems with coral for us. We were a little bummed out that we could not use a hobie cat because of not being certified which also included extra cost, as well as any use of the spa which would have been over and above. It was nice not to be continuously approached by vendors on the beach, although the guys trying to sell the horse rides, got to be a little annoying. Don't know if they got takers for the 120 horses they said were just up the road. The gounds of the resort were very beautiful, and it seemed like gardeners and other staff were always busy doing something. All in all, our stay was incredible, and I would go back again. We would just know to request a room off the ground floor, and midway between the beach and the main building of the resort. I would also inquire about the suites the next time -- I think that is what we were supposed to have, but could not seem to get that across to the gentleman at the front desk. This is a very family oriented resort, although we did see a couple of wedding parties there with a wedding at the gazebo one evening. I would also perhaps book my stay in a different way than an online service such as Hotwire.com. When we needed some answers, it was virtually impossible to get a satisfactory answer, and were in more wonderment after the phone call to Hotwire.com as to how to proceed with getting our questions answered. In the end, we just read a lot on the internet at different sites, and hoped it would all turn out okay -- which it did.

Excellent Room, Service and Location! Upon arrival at the Waterfront Marriott, check-in was seamless. I had requested a room closeby the elevator, and not only was it ideally located, the room I was placed in was wonderful. I had a corner room with two balconies and an amazing view of the beautiful waterfront and Mt. Rainier in the distance.The room was clean and comfortable. I ordered room service a couple of times and the orders arrived promptly. The Marriott employees were all pleasant and helpful to talk with. As for location - it couldn't be better. The waterfront restaurants and stores were all within walking distance. The double decker bus was located right across the street and stopped by twice an hour. Unfortunately, I didn't get a chance to go up to Pike Market through the elevator connected to the Marriott, but that alone was handy. And if you were to walk to the Space Needle, it would be a leisurely 20-25 min. walk or a quick 5 min. taxi ride (approx. $6).My stay at the Marriott was for 3 nights, 4 days and although I was there for business, it definitely felt like a quick vacation. Should I have the opportuntiy to come back again, I would love to stay at this particular hotel purely for its convenience and lovely experience.

Dogs have run of house Although we have stayed here several times, the last stay was so disgusting and sickening, we vowed it was our last. As we were checking out in the morning, a guest with her dog had walked through the lobby to go outside and along the way the dog had feceted all through the lobby and guests were stepping in and rolling their luggage in it throughout the lobby. What an awful and smelling experience. When it was reported to the desk clerk, she was not concerned about it all, saying she would have the dog's owner clean it up when she came back in. When the dog's owner came back into the lobby which was several minutes later, the clerk asked her to wipe it up and all she did was grab some paper towels and rub it deeper into the carpet. It was the most disguisting experience I've ever witnessed in a hotel. The hotel clerk or guest with the dog did not apologize to any of the guests in the lobby for what happened. We had to take our luggage and our shoes into the restroom to clean them off but they still smelled for hours after that. It was awful!!!!!!!!!! We will never stay there again!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Great little budget find in Paris We just returned from a month in Europe, flying in and out of Paris. We picked this hotel for our first few days in Paris and chose to return to it again before we left. Agree with the other positive reviews and the photos are accurate...great location (after a full day of Paris sight-seeing, it's great to have a metro stop a block away), friendly, helpful staff who are fluent in English, lots of shops, restaurants and cafes nearby, clean rooms (yes, they're small, but we only slept there), free internet in the lobby. We'd definitely choose it again. There is a breakfast available in the basement...croissants, rolls, cheese, cold cuts, cereal, fruit...probably worth it if you take into account the convenience and the bottomless coffee cup, which you won't find in Paris cafes.

Excellent, Excellent The Magic Castle is fantastic, Great Location and the rooms are massive, very comftable bed. The free munchies, drinks and breakfast is great. But one the best thing there is the cucumber water... Very refreshing, I would definantly stay theer again

Great Value First let me say, I was traveling on a budget and alone! I found this hotel on hotels.com for approximately $100.00 per night. I checked other reviews here on TripAdvisor and decided to go for it. I was pleasantly surprised. The staff was very accomodating in finding me a room that was in a main hallway so that I would feel comfortable in the fact that I was a female traveling alone. The breakfast that was included was not gourmet, but certainly a luxury that we Americans do not see very often. The room was very clean. Yes, it was small and the comforter wasn't down filled, but you should expect that if you are paying $100.00 a night.The decor' of the lobby and the sitting area was nice. There were three computers and a printer available with a swipe of a card. I found this particularly convenient the day I was leaving. I was able to check-in online for my flight and print my boarding pass. Finally...I was right around the corner from Union Square and plenty of desireable restaurants. I would recommend this hotel to anyone that doesn't feel the need to spend $400.00 per night for a room.

Nice hotel I do not really get what the complaints are about here. The staff was very nice. Rooms are clean and basic. We paid 100 a night on priceline and it was worth it, right near seattle center where you can also take the monorail to downtown. The showers had great water pressure. My only complaint would be the pillows. 2 flat pillows is not acceptable. They should either have 2 good ones or 4 pillows. We asked for 2 pillows and they were brought up to us. It was a minor thing, we would definitely stay again. We did not eat breakfast there so I cannot comment on that.

Not bad Overall I think the hotel is nice. It was ok for me as a single traveler. I did not care for the minimalist decor, lack of air conditioning, and lack of window screen. The website does not specifiy that there is only a/c in the rooms with bathrooms, so that is misleading. But I had a travel fan and kept the window open and it was fine. They turned off the hall light at 10pm, but this may be a bit late for east coast travelers like me. It is bright in the room until the hall light is turned off, but I'm sure they would turn it of earlier if asked. Good things-- The staff is super friendly and helpful. They carried my luggage up the stairs and back down again when I left. The beakfast is great and the setup is nice. The breakfast room has milk, orange juice, toast and jam, yogurt, granola and fruit. There are also trays so you can take it back to your room and a flat screen tv to watch. The bed and pillows were very comftorable and I really liked the bathrooms and the mint shampoo/conditioner. If I was traveling alone I would consider the Ace again. If they added some color to the decor it would be nicer I think.

Loved it I really liked the W but do agree that the extra charges are a bit excessive. 22% room service fee along with $3.50 delivery charge, $36 to valet park, and dont touch the mini bar unless you want to pay $6 for a candy bar. The food is very good from the restaurant. The steak and sexy fries are especially good. I would definitely return to this hotel, probably without a car to park though. Once you get past the cost, it is a great hotel. They often have special offers, we paid about $200 a night in August. I loved the atmosphere, the Bliss products, and the room. Microsuede couch, comftorable bed, plasma tv with dvd player. It was nice after a long day to order room service and watch a movie. They also have an extensive library of cds, movies, and newspapers. We did not take advantage of this but the pay per view movie list was also convenient and featured new releases. When we checked in they had popsicles in ice buckets sitting out. Nice touch.All of the staff is very friendly and helpful. They will bend over backwards to keep you happy. Anytime I called down for something, it was taken care of right away. The person who took our luggage out of the taxi accidentally left a small bag in there. We noticed it that night and got the run around from the cab company. We talked to someone at the front desk the next day, and within an hour the hotel had my bag back. Our luggage was loaded and unloaded for us so we didnt even have to bother with it. Taxis are waiting outside the hotel so you do not have to call one. Overall staying at this hotel was one of the nicer parts of our vacation.

Great family holiday Tropical flowers everywhere

Wonderful All-inclusive Adventure More Beautiful Beach!

Excellent location, very comfortable Stayed here two nights.. moved from another hotel to this more central location. As mentioned by another reviewer this hotel is a stones throw from the Hackescher Market and handy to the excellent Berlin transit. We took the train direct from this station out to Schoenfeld Airport. The hotel is modern with good size rooms, comfortable beds and an excellent buffet breakfast. While there is a fee for internet in the business center it was quite cheap and there was also free internet access off the lobby to check email. I also appreciated the gratis apples at the reception desk! On a quiet side street , easy to walk to many attractions. Would definitely recommend this hotel.The staff were very helpful and had good recommendations for restaurants in the area.

"Another Fantastic Stay At PCP" Shade!!

Loved it My family and the staff there

Fabulous Weekend at The Grand This is the second time I have stayed at The Grand, the first being approximately five years ago. I chose it this time because I have tried other hotels since and they have not come close in matching the standards of this hotel.This trip was from Friday till Sunday and was a birthday present to my StepMum for her 50th birthday. They have never been to Amsterdam before and I wanted it to be memorable for her.We arrived at lunchtime and felt special as soon as we entered the extremely elegant courtyard. The doorstaff welcomed us and we entered the beautifully maintained lobby area. My parents were very impressed. I love the fabrics and choices of furniture in this area and how it blends so perfectly through into the lounge bar. The reception staff welcomed us with very friendly faces and manners and told us they had upgraded us to a deluxe room. As only one room was ready we decided to have a quick look at the room and go out exploring this beautiful city.The room was perfect. Huge and square and with very high ceilings it made the room feel even bigger. We had a huge bed with feather pillows and quilt that was a dream to sleep in. The bathroom was spotless with everything you needed and perfect white towels. The shower is one of the most powerful showers I have ever had the pleasure of using. Our room had a view of the canal which was truly beautiful whilst my parents room had a view of the inner courtyard which again was beautiful.The staff in the hotel are obviuosly trained to a high standard and it shows on every single level. They are courteous, helpful, professional and extremely friendly without being intrusive. They are also courteous to each other. Nothing was too much trouble for them and never once did I hear the word 'no', it was always 'of course'.The concierge team that they have are very knowledgeable and helped us hugely with many different things all of which was done with what seemed to be no effort or bother at all.The Hotel itself is steeped in history and is maintained and restored to a very high standard. The public areas are spotless and very tasteful and elegant. The lounge bar is a pleasure to be in. They also have a business room where you can use the computers and the internet if needed.Once you retire to your room it is quiet and very comfortable and after many miles of walking, the bed is a welcome retreat.I can now honestly say after staying in two other hotels I will only ever return to this one, this is truly my favourite place and I can be one really fussy traveller. I recommend this hotel and it is a rareity in that it is truly deserving of it's star rating.

Duc de la Victoria was delightful I just wanted to say thank you to TripAdvisor. I would never have found this delightful hotel without you. We stayed two nights at the beginning of October and I wish we could have stayed longer. As others have said, it is in a perfect location, quiet, clean, comfortable bed, good food, friendly and helpful staff. I was very pleased with the Duc de la Victoria.

Great Value, Great Vacation Arrival in Punta Cana and transfer to Dreams - Once you arrive inside the airport you are immediately put into a line at the front of which your picture is taken with two girls in traditional Domincan dresses (which can be purchased for $8 when you depart Punta Cana). After this you are sent to a desk to pay the $10 per person entry fee. Our luggage was already off the plane when we reached the baggage claim area and an attendant took our bags to the transfer area. We booked our trip through Liberty Travel and the attendant took us right to their desk. The representative was very helpful and instructed us where we could find our bus to Dreams. The bus was a huge charter bus, seating about 50, however, there were only about 10 of us so we were very spread out. The driver explained that the trip would be about an hour so he would stop at a local market where we could purchase drinks for the ride. The market was right outside of the airport and the girls working at the market had bottles of El Presidente waiting to be purchased. Stopping at the market was a nice treat for the long ride ahead. The ride, despite what many reviews have previously stated, was really not that bad. I think it seems longer than it really is just because of your excitement to start your vacation. Yes, there were potholes, but our driver did an excellent job of trying to avoid them whenever possible. There is no highway, only local roads, that are shared by buses, trucks, mopeds, pedestrians. It gets a little crowded, but again, the driver did his best to make it as smooth a ride as possible. Check In Room- no issues here. Rooms were ready as soon as we arrived. We were in building 5 which I think was a good location. It was closest to the lobby/main building area, so we didn't have to walk too far for breakfast or the shows/casino/disco at night. It also wasn't a far walk to the middle pool area or the beach. The room was a typical hotel room - beds, bathroom, closet and walkout patio. Everything was very clean and the maid did an excellent job everyday and every night for turndown service. Pool - one of the best parts of the vacation. It's huge and only 3ft throughout so the water was warm, yet still refreshing. Despite other reviews, there definitely were enough lounge chairs even if you did arrive later in the day. The rafts in the pool were scarce and people did get greedy and hoard them by their chairs all day instead of keeping them in the pool for others to use. Not really a big deal for me though. Service by the pool was excellent. We consistantly had waitresses asking us if we wanted drinks, which were delivered within 5 minutes. You have to consider they take a lot of drink orders, and depending on how busy the bar is depends on when you'll get your drink. But again, it was always received in good time. The swim up bar was a bit crowded with only 2 bartenders at a time, which again, could cause you to have to wait a few minutes. But the wait is nothing crazy, and afterall you're waiting in the pool. Nothing wrong with that! Beach - We spent everyday at the pool and only walked on the beach once. The water was nice and blue, but the sand was rocky. I think you would definitely need to wear water shoes going into the ocean. Food - Excellent. We ate at the buffet every morning for breakfast and there was a ton to choose from. Orange juice was delicious and sweet which made the Mimosas even better! For lunch we generally ate from the Beach BBQ where you could get hamburgers, hotdogs, nachos, etc. There was also take out pizza available from the buffet. For dinner we generally ate a little earlier around 6:30 right when the restaurants opened, otherwise there was a wait to be seated. Our favorite by far was Bordeaux. We ate there three times during our week stay. We also tried the Mexican restaurant where the Margaritas are great and they have a mariachi type band singing at each table. The Italian restaurant was really a section of the World Cafe buffet and again was good. We also tried the Japanese restaurant at sat at the hibachi table. The chef didn't have many tricks while cooking, just basically cooked the food and served it. But there was a lot of food and it all tasted very good. Overall I had NO complaints with the food. Everything was delicious, and the portions were just the right size. Service - the best! From the moment we arrived for check in until we left a week later, the service was amazing. Each of the staff work very long hours and will do whatever they can to answer your questions, and provide promt, courteous service. Tipping is not necessary, but sometimes we found that we wanted to give something just because the service was great. Every employee we encountered was very personable, asking where we were from, etc. The service is definitely a reason I would go back to Dreams.Entertainment - Excellent. The entertainment staff work very long hours. You'll see them by the pool during the day leading the activities and again all night for the nightly show and dancing at the disco. The shows for the most part are entertaining/funny, and the dancing is great. Negatives - there was only one negative aspect to the entire week and that was the vendors. I think they set up about three times during the week we were there and would not leave you alone! They set up their tables near the lobby/main building area so it's impossible to avoid them. They constanly nag you to have a look at their products. Once you get away from one table another is only a few more feet away and you're dealing with the same thing. This was my only annoyance during the stay.Summary - overall I would definitely recommend Dreams to someone travelling to Punta Cana. The hotel amenities were great, and the food, service and entertainment made everything that much more better.

Good place to rest your head The Wiechmann is in a great location, on the Prinsengracht, walking distance to everything. We had a room on the 3rd floor and getting our substantial luggage up there was a dreadful experience. The stairs are steep and twisted and not contiguous so you're switching from one staircase to another mid-trip. We were later told that normally someone would have carried our bags, but there was only one new person on desk duty that evening. They did find someone to bring our bags down when we checked out. We were there for three days and enjoyed the hotel and the location. We had the only room with a balcony and, although it was cold and rainy during our stay, this was a feature we enjoyed. Otherwise, the room wasn't memorable; in fact, there was mold on the bathroom ceiling. But everything worked well and we were happy there. We took advantage of the free computer use on the main floor every day of our stay. Breakfast is included in the price and there were boiled eggs and equipment to toast your bread. Other than that, it was the standard breakfast served in these kinds of places....lousy lunch meat, lousy cheese, a basket of winter fruit., cheap bread, canned peaches and, of course, abundant coffee and tea. We encountered great variation in the helpfulness of the staff. When we asked for additional pillows the first night, we were asked to come down and get them! We told the guy that he was younger than us and should bring them up! And there were a couple of women at the front desk who knew nothing about the surrounding neighborhood...even telling us to go as far as the Leidseplein to find a public telephone when we later found one around the corner! There's no excuse for untrained, uneducated front-desk staff at a hotel that charges 140E/night. On our last day, the owner of the hotel, helped us locate a hotel in Brussels for our last night, and we were very appreciative of his assistance. He did, however, charge us for the phone calls he made to Belgium.

Way to go Prince Kuhio Family reunion on Oahu. I booked two mountain views rooms for six nights. On arrival we were told the balconys in our rooms would not be usable. I politely asked for room changes and we were given executive ocean view rooms on the 33rd floor with working balconys. We had another family member coming for two nights and he was also given an upgrade, even though it was a weekend, to this floor.Rooms are newly refurbished. Bathrooms are beautiful and have Hans Grohe shower heads. Although small it is the nicest bathroom I have had in any hotel.Rooms are small with two double beds and storage is limited. Perfect for two but would be crowded for four. Rooms are bright--with yellow and fuschia decor. .. a bit intense for me but well done. Beds are exceptionally comfortable. Plasma t.v. a nice touch. Views from the balcony wonderful...but wish there were chairs out there.Public areas of the hotel are very attractive with generous use of granite and marble. MAC 24/7 has a good pulled pork sandwich and salads. The size of the pancakes will feed four. There are many other places to eat in the area....try TIki's for lunch or dinner.The hotel is still being refurbished and the only issue was that we were told water would be turned off from noon-4:00 one day on the 26 floor and up. We knew this the day before and were not in the room for most of that time.Service from staff was exceptional...from the valets in charge of parking to the housekeepers. Very professional and friendly. Executive room was always well stocked with soda, coffee, and food. Staff there were also very good.We called for a 2:00 check out on one room. No problem (it was a Tuesday). All in all, although the rooms are small for a Hilton, this was an terrific hotel experience.

Great airport hotel Two night stay on way to Alaska cruise. Room was newly refurbished and very clean. Front desk helpful and the cookies delicious. Looks like an Embassy Suites with large atrium. Bed was comfortable. My only complaint was the HVAC system was not terribly accurate and I ended up opening windows to cool room off. There is an Outback and a McDonalds right outside the door. Shuttle service was very good...took it several times and only waited once for a brief time. Be sure when leaving airport that you take the right shuttle. You may need to call for it. DO NOT take the Doubletree Hotel Shuttle. This is a large bus and does not go to the Doubletree Suites!

I LOVE this hotel SAS Lobby

Punta Cana's OK but we won't go back Off-shore shipwreck

Good Stay!!!!!! :) Returned from Gran Paradise Bavaro in Punta Cana. Had a good 7 days. Food was good. A different theme every night. Drinks were good. Wish the hotel had more activites but the beach was wonderful. We weren't fighting for chairs. The pool was good. The staff were friendly but not very many of them spoke English very well. Entertainment was good. This resort is more quiet than the other ones. Shopping is nearby. (Just around the corner). I would stay here again.Edmonton, Alberta

Amazing No Need to Say More We went to the Bavaro Princess the week of April 10/08. I took my two boys and my mom...we had an amazing time at the resort.when we arrived we were greated with cool towels and a fruity beverage. when we got there they gave us the wrong hotel key our room so we had a small incident. The hotel mamager was very accomadating and said that he would move us to a suite within the next few days. Our rooms were clean and very nice. A little musty but your in a hot country...what do u expected!!!The a la carte restaurants are phenominal!! especially the japanesse teppanyaki restuarant..we ate there twice..the buffet was also suprisingly good...I mean your in a different country so what do you expected, not everything will be north americanized!!!the beaches are beautiful...very breath taking. everyone keeps complaining about the prices of things in the shops like snacks ie chips and chocolate, but can't forget that the bags of lays/doritos or kitkat are all IMPORTED from the states, so they need to make money...and it's not just at this resort, I have been to the domincan 3x this year and it's that way everywhere you go!! The resort is beautiful, the people are very friendly, and always cleaning!!!! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED....I FELT VERY SAFE ON THE RESORT WITH MY KIDS, NO COMPLAINTS!!!LOVED IT LOVED IT LOVED ITI WILL BE BACK NEXT YEAR.All those complainers out there should stop travelling to different countries!!

Great find! Absolutely great hotel! When I saw the outside I thought it might be a bit run down but I found no problems. It is a little dated looking but I thought everything was fine. The 2 guys on reception were really helpful with tips of where to go and were really friendly. There is free internet in reception for hotel guests although it can get a little busy at times....guests are asked to limit to 15mins a go.The room I had was on the top floor (7th - I had asked for a quiet room). It was large, roomy, clean and great views of the Olympia mountains! The bathroom was clean and even had origami towels. Had a bath/shower so you could chose and a fridge too.There is only 1 lift and it is a bit old and small but it never broke down or anything when I was there.The area is not the greatest but then a lot of Seattle I found to be the same. I walked everywhere and had no problems. The hotel is a 15min walk or so from the Victoria Clipper terminal. Its right beside Pike Place which is a lively place with loads of places to get breakfast and stuff. Its about a 10-15 minute walk to the shopping hub with all your shops. I loved the hotel and would have no problem staying there again. The price was great too!!!

Had a great time! I went with my family and didn't know if I would have fun or not but we did. The beach is beautiful, the pool bar was my favorite! The drinks were good but, if i asked them for liquor they would only put a little bit so i barely tasted it. The staff was friendly, although one staff member in the inside buffet was annoying and kept trying to make conversation with me when I was trying to eat. The food was great, the deserts were a little weird though. They have internet, a gym, though everyone there wants you money. To use the internet it was like $12 for 1/2 hour, which is a lot! All in all the experience was good though. The entertainment was okay, everynight there was a show. The best show was the Michael Jackson one, i recommend seeing that one. The dances were really good. The other shows were a bit weird, well atleast some of them. They play good spanish music and it's always a party there. One night there was a party in the lobby cause it was pouring outside. Have a few drinks and you'll have a blast. I also recommend the banana boat on the beach, soo much fun! And parasailing as well. There was a buffet on the beach, which was great but the only problem about that was that there are a lot of flies outside, so some were flying on the food which is gross. The inside buffet is better. The resort is in the middle of nowhere so i really don't recommend leaving to go sight see unless it's to a specific place. People there are theives, they will follow you in the street to go in their store and try to sell you something for way too much money. You can try to bargain with them but be tough about it. lol I got a massage on the beach but it wasn't that great. I wouldn't even call it a massage, it was more like she was just rubbing my back. Maybe in the spa is better. The rooms were very nice and comfortable, very clean. The maids were great, we always had water and soda in the fridge everyday and new soap, towels. They work hard so please tip them. Our room tv would turn on and off by itself, must have been a ghost in our room. Other than that everything was great! The beach is the best part. The pool was a little dirty but there's so many people there so that may be expected. We also went to one of the restaurants, the steak one and the food was really good there!

Cant see what all the moaning is for.............. Amstel Botel

Great experience Stayed at the Marriott Waterfront Seattle over the forth of July holiday. The room we occupied faced the water, and it was your typical Marriott room. The room was clean, as was the bathroom. The staff was exceptionally friendly and helpful. Brunch at the restaurant was a bit pricey, but worth every penny. This hotel is in a good location. It was our first time to Seattle and we were able to walk to all the sites we wished to see. Yes, you do have to walk up a hill to reach the market, but there is an outdoor elevator that will take you up about 1/2 way up the hill. The rest of the hill was steep to us, but we live in a flat part of the country so I am sure that the steepness was a relative concept.Like other reviewers, we cashed in our Marriott points to stay in this hotel and were treated exceptionally well by any standards. I would stay here again.

UGH REAL bathroom photo Door barely clears sink when closing Against the wall in the tub taking...

Heaven view from the room

Great Location And Staff At Affinia Gardens My husband ,17yr old daughter and myself stayed here from Dec 18-23rd. We also were travelling with another couple and their 17yr. old daughter. They raved about it! It was through Trip Advisor that I even found it and all the reviews were basically positive and being a flight attendant for 28 yrs service and location along with quietness is what I look for.! The location is 215 E. 64th st. and there are a ton of resturants to choose from by just walking around. The rooms are very nicely sized with a seperate kitchen that is small but has all the basics. I like having a refrigerator and coffee right in my room. The staff there is above and beyond in every way. SUPER nice knowledgeable and gave us very good recommendations! Try the Jackson hole resturant across the street. VERY good prices for New York. Also Brian the manager was very helpful in recommending Portifino's . Italian of course. The rooms are quiet other that street noise from sirens etc. It is after all New York. I will definately recommed this to Passengers on my flights and anyone I know going to New York for a very nice place to hang out. Taxis are reasonable and you can see the city better than the subway. I hope this helps because I really like this place and I sure like reading reviews and that is how I decided to stay at the Affinia Gardens! C Reilly Seattle

Amazing Grace! Main pool areas at Hilton Hawaiin Village

Not bad Given the size of European hotels the general level of customer service in Amsterdam this place was not bad. Customer service was adequate and the room was neat clean. Furnishings were new modern. The price was right for me: 120 USD or less per night. Great location: close to the Leidseplein Rijksmuseum and away from the tacky / seedy Red Light and Central Station areas. That said, everything in Amsterdam is walking distance. Did have a little bit of a mosquito problem, but that is to be expected any where with all those canals and no AC (necessitating open windows).

New Favorite Place My husband and I recently had a very pleasant stay at the Hotel Giraffe. We arrived around 11 a.m. They suggested that they hold our bags and deliver them to the room while we were out. Check-in is a very reasonable 3 p.m. When we returned around 4:30 our bags were in our room. Much to our surprise we had been upgraded to a suite.A very nice wine, fruit and cheese display was offered around 5 p.m. In addition, breakfast was offered in the morning in the lobby. For five dollars, they will bring it to your room at your requested time. There is a lovely rooftop bar too. All and all I can't think of a single want that was neglected. The staff was very helpful and courteous.Our prior favorite hotel in the city had been the SoHo Grand but we will return here next time.

Disappointing My husband and I stayed here last weekend for a night, just to get away. I had booked on the hotel website and I assumed from all the press and descriptions that the whole hotel had been renovated. Not so! The room that I had booked was apparently a Guestroom which meant that it was refurbished but the bathroom was not renovated. Also, though I booked a King room, they gave me a tiny room with a double bed. The website was very misleading (and I do extensive research before I commit to a booking). I would not have booked to stay at the Hilton if I had known that I wasn't getting one of the new rooms. Anyway, after several conversations with reception, they eventually put us in a renovated room, which I believe is the Deluxe room. If they had not done so, it would have been an extremely disappointing stay. The hotel itself is very minimalist (which I normally like) but it was quite cold in atmosphere. The lobby and cafe are not very inviting. The health club is pretty good - a big pool and spa and 2 saunas and 2 steam rooms. However, the whole atmosphere of the hotel did not feel 5-star. The best part of the stay was the buffet breakfast at the Glass Brasserie. Highlights were chef cooked-to-order omelettes, a juice bar, very good expresso coffees to order, a large variety of breads and pastries, the atmosphere and view.I would not stay here again but would consider returning for the breakfast!

You get what you pay for We booked this hotel while on holiday just as a cheap one nighter, and that was what we got. It was clean, location was okay and staff were helpful. Breakfast was good, and really we had no complaints for what we paid 90euros per room.

Great Hotel Great location, comfy rooms, excellent staff! We arrived from Sydney after a long flight and were greeted by very friendly reception staff. Whilst my friend was checking in we were given a map of the local area by the tour desk and told how to book any tours we might need. We had already booked our Universal Studios tour and it needed to be confirmed with the supplier which the Tour Desk was happy to do on our behalf even though we hadn't booked it there. The room was clean, very comfortable and we had plenty of space. The hotel is just up the road from The Highland Centre and Hollywood Boulevard, so a great location! We found the staff couldn't do enough for us. When they found out we were off to Universal Studios they gave us a map and suggestions of what to see there! A great hotel, highly recommended!

Best of Gramercy This hotel is as wonderful as Gramercy Park hotel was terrible.We stayed here for a medical conference and didn't want to be at the large hotel near Grand Central.Hotel Giraffe staff, service, rooms, cleanliness, breakfast, all top notch. Lobby relaxed and comfortable to visit with guests, room was spacious with balcony. Everything perfect in a great location near lots of fun restaurants and easy access to Times Square or the Village.Carol Colitti Levine

So very comfortable I stayed there for three nights in late August and had an excellent time there. I want to add that I am a female who was travelling alone and everything went smoothly. They have a lovely little pool and hottub on their roof at which I hung out until my room was ready.The room was large and tidy. I had a regular room not a suite so the interior was not spectacular, but served its purpose. Bathroom was nice, with stuff from Bath and Body Works. Plenty towels. I had a huge flat screen TV with DVD player and a Bose stereo system with remote. The AC worked flawlessly. At 6pm every nicht thei have complimentary cheeses, crackers and wine at the terrace which is great to kill the hunger before dinner.Their courtyard indoors is beautiful but bring bugspray (mosquitos everywhere in PR).I was also able to go online on their guest PC and check in and print my boarding pass the night before my flight home - very convenient.

Nice people I stayed there for three nights in late August and had a good time there. I want to add that I am a female who was travelling alone and everything went smoothly. The guys at the front desk where extremely helpful in suggesting restaurants, beaches, booking me into a biobay tour (even drove me there in their private car when the tour bus forgot me) and getting me a rental car.The room was big and tidy (I had room No. 7 with a nice bed with posts. The maids did a great job. They have a store downstairs so you can always get basic food and drink supply and they also rent snorkeling gear for $10 a day. The rooms are simple and basic, so don't expect any amenities, but for the price and location (Esperanza is best) it is a great deal with very helpful people.

Add honesty to all the other great things about this gem! We only had one night in Venice on November 20, 2006 due to flight schedule after a cruise. We chose this lovely hotel because of all the rave reviews written on this site. We were definitely not disappointed. We agree with all the other comments, plus we have an additional plus to add. I received an email from Walter and Sandro the day after I arrived home letting me know that the cleaning ladies had found my credit card and that it was now in the hotel safe awaiting my instructions. I hadn't even missed my card yet! So, in addition to charm, cleanliness,location, etc., add honesty of the owners and staff. If given the opportunity, we will gladly return to this gem!

Fun at the Phoenix After staying at so many corporate type hotels this past month, it was such a refreshing change to stay at a unique place like the Phoenix. Staff were friendly and extremely helpful, room was nice, and the inner courtyard/pool was a neat place to chill enjoy wireless access. Also had a fun time because when I checked in on a Sunday the hotel was hosting a pool party, so got to meet some interesting people - but contrary to some of the reviews I had read, the party wrapped up at 8 and other than that the place was really quiet for the rest of the time. I will definitely stay here again next time I'm in San Francisco.

We're loving the Jazz... We were absolutely delighted with this modern, clean hotel in the centre of Barcelona and would rate it as the best we've stayed in for the money (spent roughly the same in Venice, Rome, Florence and Amsterdam and all were ok but this was exceptional value for money). We were on the 7th floor and can honestly say we couldn't hear the underground metro (and we had 6 nights to test it in!) and the roof top pool was really lovely - good quality sun furniture with towels supplied and, needless to say, very impressive views. We didn't use the drinks/food service by the pool but other people did and we heard them comment on the speed and ease of service. All staff we came across were very helpful and the hotel was very central - about 5 mins stroll from Las Ramlas. There is a stop for the city tour bus directly opposite the hotel. Go and enjoy, you won't regret it and we will definitely be going back.

Charming little gem.. Pool area outside bar/dining room

Loved the Charlesmark! Our room at the Charlesmark

What a Blast me and my partner stayed in the hotel acro for 3 nights we found it a nice and relaxing place room was small but cosy for 2 of us breakfast was pleasent enough but got to get down early for a seat we are coming back to amsterdam in august and will definately be staying in the hotel acro been to amsterdam twice this year the 1st time we stayed along by damm square i prefer being away from all the hustle and bustle i liked it better so much more relaxed and vondel parks just a stone through away from hotel and its gd for just chilling having a few beers and watching the world go by a love amsterdam so much a will defo be a regular visitor just the place to be mind you you have to be open minded bout everythingthats what a like bout the place anything goes and the dutch people are so nice and chilled out unlike the spanish give me the damm over spain anytime cant wait to be back have fun if you are going am sure you will cmon holland for euro 2008 scotland no in it so am supporting holland

Great location and views of Ramblas Had one of the upgraded rooms, very nice/modern. Looked out on the Ramblas. No noise from street as promised, yet you can open the windows if so desired. Definitely right where the action is. Don't miss the open Market just down the street, same side towards the ocean. Staff very friendly and helpful. Restaurant also very good. Restaurant is on Rick Steve's list.

Location and price can't be beat! Great hotel at a great price. Clean rooms, friendly staff and great views of the plaza from our balcony. Also the restaurant had some of the best food we had on the trip. Within walking distance to the Prado one direction and the Palace the other. Wish I could have stayed longer, Also 1 block away is the Dept store El Corte Ingles. Don't miss their wine and cheese.

Beyond Excellent Barbecue Pig - interesting but fun!

Liked it until we saw the enormous cockroach First impression of the hotel was positive. We liked the room, size was ok and the basics were there (TV, mini bar, desk), there was a small couch and a table. Bathroom was very nice, shower was excellent. Bed was comfortable with clean sheets and and room seemed clean. The air conditioning worked ok, didn't cool that much, was more about blowing air into the room. We were lucky, the weather wasn't too hot.Location was perfect, close to everything, Placa Catalunya and, Las Ramblas. It was great to be able to walk around the city and stop by the hotel to change shoes, drop off shopping bags etc.We did find an enormous cockroach in the bathroom one morning, which really put me off. We told the receptionist and he didn't believe us (!). Otherwise staff was very friendly and helpful. All in all, a good experience, but the cockroach did affect our overall impression of the hotel.Stayed on the 5th floor and didn't have to take two elevators (as mentioned by other reviewer).

Amazing Resort, The Best Staff Just returned from the Majestic, this place was awesome, my husband and I and the couple we were travelling with were treated like kings and queens. The staff were next to none.Big shout out to Richard and Angel. Richard went above and beyond to make us feel welcome and took care of us. Thank you Richard. Our room was beautiful, to our maid Johanna Solano, thank you for taking such good care of us and teaching us some Spanish, and trying to learn English from us. You are a doll.This resort is huge and every inch is beautiful.We recommend the Marinarium snorkeling cruise, the crew is so much fun, and know their business, lots of interesting facts about marine life and the waters of Punta Cana. Quiet and interesting on the way out, fun dancing party on the way back. Thanks again to the best staff, best resort.

Fabulous hotel, a little out of the way The Amsterdam Art is a little bit outside of the city centre which does restrict you to following bus timetables, however there are busses every half hour which drivers who love their city and love giving you tips for stuff to see and do! At nighttime we felt perfectly safe travelling on the night bus back.The actual hotel is lovely, very clean and modern. The bathroom is just amazing, probably my favourite part about the whole hotel to be honest!What did concern me was the fact that we had a double bed, which was actually two singles pushed together with two single duvets. What was strange was that there was no space for the beds to be seperated to convert into a twin room, so we didn't really understand that.Apart from the beds, I don't have anything to fault the hotel about to be honest, it was fabulous!

Fabulous hotel, great location! With a metro station a few minutes stroll away, the Opera de Noailles was located perfectly to explore Paris!The room was fantastic - really clean and spacious, a little too hot, but management came and sorted out the air conditioning for us which was great! The only gripe that we had about the room was the shower, which you had to hold above your head which made washing hair etc a bit tricky. Apart from that the bathroom was lovely.Our favourite thing about this hotel was the continental breakfast which was fantastic! There was so much choice of food which was all replenished regularly so nothing went cold/tasted stale.The only thing is, the lift in the hotel is tiny, so not sure it would suit anyone using a wheelchair. And the bar closes at 10pm, which was a little early for our liking. Overall, with the friendly staff, big, clean rooms, we found little to grumble about and thought that it was a fantastic hotel which we'd definately recommend!

Faultless I had a fantastic short break in New York at stayed at the Millenium Hilton, while it was quite expensive, you definately get your money's worth. We had a junior suite which was immaculate, the maid service was excellent.I found the staff to be very helpful and polite and nothing appeared to be too much trouble for them. The pool and sauna were lovely, although the water was very cold! The restaurant was lovely, although I struggled to find something I wanted on the menu, ended up with a salad which was very nice.Location was excellent, the subway was right nearby and taxis from Times Square (for when we were feeling lazy in the evening) were reasonably cheap.It was a great base to explore New York from and I totally enjoyed my stay there. I'd definately recommend it.

Recommend Alicia-Outstanding Alicia was EXCELLENT! The location was perfect in the heart of OLD Madrid and walking distance to sights, restaurants, museums.The rooms were spacious, well-appointed, and immaculate.The reception staff were knowledgable and MOST helpful with directions, recommendations and reservations.We considered the place a bargain and will definitely recommend to our friends, relatives and all who travel to Madrid.. Thank you.Kathleen and Fred Hann

Can't beat the location I just returned from a week long visit to London with accommodations at the Draycott. This is a fabulous location with much in walking distance. Very close to the Sloane Square Tube station and lots of shopping and nice restaurants nearby on Sloane Street and Kings Road. The hotel is also on a side street which is great because you don't hear the traffic nearby. Our room was very large by European standards with a separate sitting area. It was very clean and the bed was very comfortable. The gas light fireplace in the room was especially delightful. My only negative observations are that the furniture is kind of old and lumpy. The bathroom plumbing wasn't so great - for example, the toilet didn't always have enough pressure to flush when you wanted it to. And there is some noticeable wear and tear in the tiling and ceiling and such. During our particular stay, my traveling companion was disapointed with the construction going on across the street and the repainting that was being done on the landing above us. But that didn't bother me. I would recommend this hotel especially to first time visitors to London. I found the location hard to beat.

Great value We stayed for 4 nights in May 2005. Hard to fault the hotel for the price. Rooms fairly spacious and comfortable. Staff very good especially the door staff. We were on the seventeenth floor and the rooms had not been renovated so the bathroom was dated but very clean. No problems with the lifts although they can be a little slow at peak times. But you are on holiday what is the rush! The only problem we had during our stay was the noise from outside. This was because the windows would not close properly and were jammed open leaving a small gap. I always carry earplugs when staying in cities and I slept but it may be a problem if you dont carry them.

lovely hotel, shame about the area on arrival i had a problem booking into our family room as i didnt have a credit card and they were going to charge me $500 per night cash, when after alot of haggling got them down to $ 100 per stay!!! (which i certainly didnt need after a 11 hour flight).the hotel was beautiful and the rooms very clean, which i couldnt fault at all. i found the staff a little rude and didnt have a clue about transport around the area.it is easy to use the metro(train) and bus(very frequent and cheap). The area was full of tramps and groups of youths hanging about(but no trouble). the area was being upgraded and lots of building work taking place but nothing open after 8pm and nothing to do, you have to travel to see anything, but the metro is easy and convenient to use.

Great location, good hotel The Hotel Axial is only 1/2 block from the Duomo, in the heart of the city. It is very clean and has a decent continental breakfast that includes hard boiled eggs, fruit, croissants, juice and coffee. (No cappacinno, meats or cheeses). The staff is friendly and helpful. The room is large, the tub/shower has no barrier - so be sure to direct the shower head towards the tub wall. The closet has limited space for hanging clothes (less than 2 feet). It was great having free internet access (2 computers available for use). Only complaint would be a weak A/C that didn't do a very good job in keeping the room cool - but this seemed to be the norm for Italy.

Perfect for the business traveller I had the most comfortable and uneventful stay at Le Meridian, exactly what you you want when you're travelling on business. Taxis appeared instantly, I forgot my adapter and the staff were so helpful getting a new one and the best touch was the weird blue light that automatically went on when you got up at night.

Loved the Majestic grounds at dusk

Great Beach Hotel I really enjoyed my time at The InterContinental San Juan Resort, Spa Casino. The beach and pool areas were excellent. Nice large towels and comfy lounge chairs. I found the restaurants in the Hotel to be pricey. We went across the street to the plaza and found the food to be cheaper and better. Be warned: the fast food retaurants are very slow! My only complaint is the housekeeping was good some days and bad other days. The street the Hotel was on, was sometimes difficult to cross. But other than that it was all good.

We just loved it! Yet again, Trip Advisor helped us find a really excellent hotel to stay in. The staff were very helpful, it was spotlessly clean, the decor was unusual and very striking. We had a room overlooking La Rambla and the sound proofing worked really well. The breakfasts were a real feast - the choice was amazing and everything was topped up really quickly. It was not cheap but it was part of the whole experience. The lounge area has really great seating and just looked so striking. The hot chocolate served at the bar was to die for! I had a really good massage at the Spa and loved the swimming pool and the different features in the pool. The roof top pool was wonderful with views across Barcelona.It would be hard to fault anything - we really hope to go back again.

The ultimate "home away from home" with Class! My sister and I just returned from staying at the Windsor Court Hotel in New Orleans last week. It was a lovely experience in every way. I booked double beds in a grand suite on a Membershiip Rewards special package that included a complimentary continental breakfast. We were given a beautiful suite with a great view from its balcony. The complimentary continental breakfast was delicious, albeit, somewhat small, with a choice of pastries, toast, freshly squeezed juices, and coffee or a selection of hot teas. The wait staffers were very polite and attentive at all times. We always treated like very important guests. We also sampled drinks in the Polo Bar in the evening where we happily listened to a marvelous piano medly played by a very talented pianist. Service in the bar was also top notch. We ended our visit to the Windsor Court Hotel by partaking of the high tea which is served in the restaurant space downstairs every Friday, Saturday, and Sunday afternoons. It was splendid! After eating a tasty offering of different kinds of finger sandwiches and drinking an unusual cherry/cranberry black tea, we sampled fabulous fresh-baked scones and fruit pastries served with a variety of spreads. To top it all off, we were brought a third selection of scrumptious cakes, candies and chocolate-covered strawberries. The location of the Windsor Court Hotel is very convenient to both the River Walk, the Harrah's Casino, the Central Business District, Lafayette Square, Canal Place Shopping Center, and only a few blocks from the French Quarter. In addition to the Windsor Court's fine Grille, there are many choices of restaurants located within walking distance nearby. We never had to use our car to get around, but enjoyed the close proximity to New Orleans' marvelous historic tourist sites.

Very Very Nice Night time view out of my 10th floor window at Queen and Crescent Hotel

Comfy, festive, friendly The hotel room

Nice conference hotel, more convenient than you'd think! I stayed here for a conference at the end of July, and was pleasantly surprised. This is a typical Doubletree Hotel--great cookies, comfy beds, nice business hotel but not especially luxurious. It lived up to my expectations, but also exceeded them in some ways, such as...-I came to Seattle a few days before my conference and stayed at a hotel downtown because I thought it would be virtually impossible to stay at this hotel and see the sights of Seattle. I was wrong. The city bus stops right in front of the hotel, and for less than $2 (unless it's rush hour), you're downtown in about 25 minutes. I did appreciate the convenience of my downtown hotel after long days of being a tourist, but had I known how easy transportation would be, I may have stayed here the whole time.-They make getting to and from the airport super easy and super speedy. The free shuttle runs every 15 minutes--a much better option than the $40 cab ride to my downtown hotel from the airport! -The staff were all very friendly and accommodating. They even have a shuttle that takes you to a nearby shopping mall for when you're too tired to hike into the city. :) (Although I do not recommend eating at the Rainforest Cafe at this mall... yuck. The Nordstrom, however, had great selection. :) )-The pool is heated! I didn't bring a swimsuit, because I didn't expect the weather to be conducive to swimming, but why not, if the water's warm? So bring your suit!Others are correct that you may get a room that's a bit of a hike from the front desk, but hopefully you only have to make the trip with luggage twice (upon check in and check out), and it's tolerable. Also, several people have complained about the parking fee. Just keep in mind, this is Seattle--it's expensive no matter where you go.

W: Chic, and a bit snotty. I stayed at the W over a weekend before having to move to a hotel close to the airport for the training I was attending. I had never been to Seattle, and decided to come a bit early to see the sights. I left my husband at home, and this was my first solo trip in quite some time. I chose the W for the location and the price, and the reputation of W hotels in general--I had never stayed at one before.Let's start with the positives. The room was excellent--great decor, comfy bed, nice flat screen TV, great quality toiletries (although i question the scent combo of lemon and sage... too cleaning-product-y for me). The darkness and loudness in the common areas took some getting used to, but it certainly makes for a cool, chic vibe in the hotel. Very different from the average Marriott or Sheraton I typically stay in. I also enjoyed the free Wi-Fi in the lobby one evening with a great apple martini. Oh, and the location was excellent. Very quick and FLAT walks to the main attractions.And now, the negatives. As a married woman traveling alone, it took me a little while to be at ease with being on my own, especially dining solo and such. I went to the concierge desk on the first evening, having just arrived in Seattle an hour or so ago, and was hoping for a little encouragement and some great recommendations from them. Uh, no. Granted, partially my fault for wanting to be babied, but this desire came from previous experiences with concierges in other cities--usually they're excited to tell you where to go, what to do, and to introduce you to their city. Not so much with this guy. He acted totally put off and aloof and I felt like I wasn't cool enough or something. The next day, I tried again with a different concierge. He was more helpful, but definitely not at the level I'm used to. I was inquiring about the ferry to Bainbridge Island, and he told me all about it but didn't bother to provide a schedule. When I asked specifically where I could get a schedule, he said, Oh, I have one right here. Um, wouldn't it seem the natural thing to do to hand that to me when you're telling me how to get there and how often it leaves?? While the concierge service is really my only complaint about the W Seattle, it was poor enough for me to knock the rating down to a 3 because, to me, if you're going to present yourself as a luxury hotel, you need luxury service to earn an above average rating. And I didn't get that here.

Fantastic Big room even with 3 beds

Absolutely fantastic!!! Just spent four nights at the JW Marriott Desert Ridge Resort while attending a convention there. Having read all the reviews on Trip Advisor, I went there with high expectations and wasn't at all disappointed. I kept being reminded of the things other people had said, from the fresh fruit and ice water around the pool to the cool mist sprays and the delicious food and wonderful service. I especially enjoyed the music at night on the patio, and the awesome chocolate martinis. I don't want to repeat over and over what everyone else has raved about, but I have to mention how friendly and helpful the entire staff was. We were treated like royalty. The hotel is simply beautiful and I would highly recommend it.

Highly Recommended My daughter, granddaughter and I stayed at this hotel prior to a cruise out of Miami. I always read reviews on TripAdvisor website before I book a hotel, especially in Miami, because they vary widely, and trusted the positive reviews. We were just delighted with this hotel. The rooms were very nicely furnished and didn't seem like a budget hotel. We enjoyed the pool and the breakfast. The staff was exceptionally friendly and helpful. The best part was the price was very reasonable, hard to find in Miami. I would enthusiastically recommend this hotel.

Dangerous - hundreds sick here! I would have to agree with all of the reviewers who complained about getting sick at this resort. Two out of three people in my party got extremely sick and had to take antibiotics and stay in bed. The doctor for the resort said that hundreds of guests at this resort have become sick recently. I am not sure what the cause is. If it is a bug, then it is not the fault of the resort. However, on one occasion, I saw a hotel restaurant employee go to the bathroom and not wash her hands. Also, the hotel re-heats food that is not eaten and serves it again for the next several days. In particular, the fish restaurant serves old food.Apart from the illness problem, the food at this resort is the worst I or anyone in my party has ever had at an all-inclusive resort. While you can certainly find something to eat, most of the food is over-cooked and bland - basically glorified cafeteria fare.The grounds, beach and rooms are all lovely. There is construction, but it is not noisy or bothersome. The staff are all very nice and helpful.

"Cheap 'n Cheerful" I stayed in the amstel botel in august'03. I found it to be an enjoyable stay. Yes it is basic, with the lingering smell of smoke ever present. The breakfast was nice and the room was cleaned on a daily basis. The view was beautiful and the location is great. Its very accessible, located not far from the city central, but further enough away from the red light district. The only fault I found with this hotel was that although a maid cleaned daily, there was a constant smell of urine coming from out of our bathroom and the room was never hoovered, only swepted, so you had some parts of the room very dusty. I would definitely stay her again, and prefered the location as many other hotels were too central and lacked privacy.

Not the Greatest Travel Experience This was not my ideal vacation, and although the resort is beautiful, the rooms were not the cleanest I've stayed in. My sheets smelled like mildew, as a result of the dampness of the room, and I believe I may have been bitten by a bedbug or two during my week stay. Guest services were not the least bit accommodating to our large group of 11. The buffet was pretty decent, but of course like most things on this trip, it could have been better. One major difficulty was the majority of employees at the resort who spoke very little English, hence non-effective communication throughout our entire stay. The highlight of this trip were the off-site excursions, but even these were ill-planned and slightly disorganized. I'm sure there have been many satisfied guests here, but I certainly am not one. I would rate this resort @ a 5 out of 10 and would not recommend it to anyone travelling to Punta Cana.

Absolutely loved our stay here! We just returned from a 4 day stay at this hotel and absolutely loved every minute of staying there. We booked the club level, something I would have never considered had I not read the reviews here, and it was worth every penny. They provided very nice breakfast in the morning with a wide selection of choices, and a light snack in the evenings. Water, soda and coffee was available all day. Definately worth the extra $$ for my family. The room itself was impecibly clean, and I loved the California decor and incredible views. We didn't deal much with the staff but the view times we did were always positive. I will definately recommend this hotel to all my friends and family, and I don't hand out recommendations lightly. It was most definately a 5 star experience for us, from start to finish.

We LOVED Punta Mexican dance at the beach

Great stay in Waikiki! We spent a night in Waikiki on our way to the Big Island. The hotel is quite large and even has two ABC stores (similar to Walgreen's/CVS) on the poperty. Upon check-in, the front desk attendant presented us with a gift since we were celebrating a special occasion. It was a nice touch and we found the staff to be very accomodating and friendly.Our ocean-view room was spacious with a lanai that offered side views of Diamond Head and Waikiki Beach.The beach is easily accessible as are several quick-service, fast food, and sit down restaurants. There is also a Seattle's Best coffee shop downstairs where we grabbed breakfast.I had read reviews of loud music and noise but we did not hear any of this during our stay.The bed was comfortable and the shower had a detachable head. Parking is expensive but we chose valet for a few dollars more rather than seeking a spot in the self-parking lot.

Staff went above and beyond! We decided to take an in-town vacation and celebrated a special occasion at the Ritz-Carlton Dallas. The service was impeccable. Every staff member greeted us and went out of their way to make our short stay special.The spa was fantastic - even if you don't get a service, I highly recommend buying a day pass to use the whirlpool, steam room, pool, and sauna - don't forget the relaxation room!The staff must have realized we were celebrating, because they sent up a special treat for us to enjoy during our stay - it was these small gestures that really showed the dedication that the hotel has to it's guests. There is construction going on but we heard absolutely NO noise whatsoever. Our room was large and had a fabulous bathroom with a great amenity kit. We didn't want to leave!The hotel is quite close to several wonderful restaurants and museums. We will be back soon!

Weekend Stay in NYC We arrived on Friday afternoon and had put in a request for a club level room which was unavailable. We were told that we had been upgraded to a better room but I couldn't see anything out of the ordinary. The lobby was extremely crowded. We had a leak issue in the room and reported it to the front desk. Someone from Engineering called to confirm the situation and promptly took care of it while we were out to dinner.Our room was on a higher floor and provided a spectacular view of the river. There are two entrances to the hotel (one facing 42nd and one facing 43rd) which provides easy access to the subway system and Times Square.Overall, the location was great and the accomodations were comfortable. The hotel decor is very modern and clean. Our room had a stainless steel sink and counter area along with two shower heads in the shower. The beds were the signature Westin Heavenly Bed and the room had a beautiful flat screen television.

Right in the Middle of it All View from the Hotel

Wonderful weekend at the W! We stayed on a Friday night for an in-town getaway. The night began with drinks in the Living Room and a fantastic meal at N9ne Steakhouse across the street. Be sure to let your server know if you plan to visit Ghostbar. He gave us a special item and it allowed us to skip the long line. We jumped right on an elevator up to the top. The view was fantastic!Each staff member was extremely friendly and helpful during our short visit. The Bliss products in the bathroom are awesome as well. I only wish we'd had more time to visit the pool and Craft!Maybe next time!

Nice location/ average stay We visited New Orleans for a wedding and stayed at the Chateau Sonesta for two nights.A friend who had arrived the night before suggested we ask for a room that faced the inside atrium of the hotel and we're glad we did after hearing complaints about street noise from other guests. The rooms are spacious with very high ceilings. Beds were comfortable with extra large pillows. Bathroom was okay, somewhat dingy, with hardly any water pressure.Luckily, the location was fabulous. We were just a street away from Bourbon Street and within walking distance of Harrah's, Cafe Du Monde, etc.The hotel also has a restaurant and the Clock Bar. We took advantage of the lobby self-serve coffee cart in the morning.The staff was friendly and courteous as well.

Great Place to Stay!! When looking for a downtown SFran location at a reasonable rate, this is a wonderful place to stay...very close to the cable car ride on the California line...and comfortable accommodations, good restaurant too!

Nikko Not So Great My boyfriend and I stayed at the Hotel Nikko on our first trip to San Francisco. I seriouly researched a number of hotels on the internet and phoned them for questions. Nikko seemed like the best value for location, size of room, trendiness and price. The location was good. Close to Union Square, public transport, restaurants and shopping. And from the entrance, lobby, and front desk appeared to be nice, clean and modern. Our room was a different story. The size of the room was not bad, considering most hotel rooms in San Francisco seem to be on the small side. I think we had a Delux Queen room. The bathroom was small, fit for really just one person. My biggest complaint was that the bathroom was pretty grungy. As a previous reviewer mentioned, they had what used to be white tile grouting on the bathroom floor and sink, that was so dirty it was dingy dark grey. It made me not want to walk barefoot in the bathroom. You could still see where it was the original white in the corners. We had to ask for extra bathmats to put down to walk barefoot in the bathroom. The tub was also dingy. The carpet gave me the creeps too. Also, each day that the housekeeping staff cleaned the bathroom, there were stray hairs left behind in the white sink and tub. They clearly were not from my boyfriend or I, wrong color. I am not super picky, but a clean bathroom is something I would expect from a 4-star hotel. I could live with a not so perfect bathroom if it was at a motel, because at least then I would know I was getting what I paid for. And it rubbed me the wrong way that they wanted guests to pay for extra toiletries left in the bathroom. And you had to pay to use the pool and workout facilities, which is kind of cheap of them. An they were not so great anyway.Our bed was large and comfortable. A few other reviewers had mentioned that they could not get the internet in the room to work. We had the same experience. Complimentary in-room internet access was one of the reasons I chose this hotel, but my boyfriend could not get it to work from his company laptop, which he never has problems with anywhere else. The front desk and IT person they connected him to were no help. We never got it to work. Upon checkout, they attempted to charge us about $40 for mini-bar items, but we hadn't touched a thing. They took the charges off without protest, but there was another customer checking out the same time as us with the same complaint. Overall, it was too expensive for what we got. If the rooms are going to be grubby anyway, I might as well only pay for a Best Western. We will not stay there again. We viewed a room at the W Hotel one night while we were there for dinner, and we would rather pay just a little bit more next time and stay there, where you get your money's worth.

Good, but there's better value for money elsewhere Stayed in the apartments. Basic but clean, make sure you ask for and get a room with natural light in the living area - most have glass brick windows facing the internal corridors, but all bedrooms have exterior windows.Full review at http://www.littlewhiteswan.com/Accom/az09/0703.html

Park Shore PERFECT LOCATION and FANTASTIC VIEW! View to Right from our balcony

my favorite quartier and hotel I have stayed at the Duquesne Eiffel Hotel at least 5 times in the past 7-8 years and just enjoy staying there. The location is to my mind, perfect - the Rodin Museum, Ecole Militaire and of course the view of the Eiffel tower. The rooms are very well decorated, if a bit small, the bath tubs are deep and shower strong, and best of all there is air conditioning. What I also like is the location in the proximity of the Rue Cler Market, with all the lovely stalls with fruits, veggies, and meats and the restaurants many of which are patronised by French people. With the Metro stop nearby you can get to anywhere very quickly. There is a bus that you can get near the hotel that goes along Rue St. Dominique and gets you to other areas of Paris.

nice stay this was alovely hotel and the staff were great. although the food and drinks were of a very high standard they were very expensive. rooms were nice and comfortable though were alot smaller than we thought and the bathrooms were not as high class as they made out.. still had a nice stay though and cannot complain about the hotel.

My favorite ever! I went to Barcelona for a conference, IAVE 2004, and got cheated on by the person that rented me an apt with wireless Internet connection that had NONE. So I walked to the forum and was desperate to find an accommodation. I saw the AC and asked for a quote. The one they gave me was excellent so I stayed there for the whole conference. I didn't realise it at that time because it was my first conference but the AC Barcelona was the best hotel I've been into. Free minibar, free jacuzzi (last floor), hifi in the room, FREE wireless Internet, gorgeous bathroom (green and black), excellent mattress and pillows. The only negative (VERY negative) note was the maid. The first day we had forgotten to hang the do not disturb card out, so she made it in. Our fault. The second day she used her keys *despite* the card. We protested with the manager. The third day we resolved to put a chair against the door to avoid her getting in while we were sleeping naked. And yet she tried. Only the day before the last she finally understood to stop such behavior.

Good Experience - I stayed here over the weekend of January 19 and was very pleased with my experience. The hotel staff was excellent. They booked our reservations for dinner and also made special arrangements for a private tour of the Garden District with a van operator on the way to the aiport. The weather was lousy and these arrangements were a life saver. The senior rate was $107 plus tax and included a continental breakfast. Fruit offerings could have been better. The king sized bed was comfortable and my room that faced the courtyard was quiet.Clean and ideally located for walking, dining, or gambling. Good ambience as a converted warehouse. The only reason I didn't give an excellent was that the hallways were a little noisy in the early mornings and suite that faced the small street was noisy as the trash trucks drove by early in the morning.

Brilliant hotel My boyfriend and I booked this hotel after reading the good reviews here on TripAdvisor, and we weren't disappointed. We requested a view and were given a lovely corner room with two double beds, two windows and plenty of space. The room was cleaned every day, and we never had any problems with feeling too cold or too hot. The shower was fantastic, the hot water didn't run out, and the kitchenette was handy. In spite of being located next to the service elevator we weren't disturbed and were generally very satisfied. The staff were helpful, polite and friendly and were happy to give local advice when asked. Breakfast was very nice, although as with most hotels quite expensive. I don't understand how anyone could complain about this hotel - obviously it's not a 5 star hotel, but it's nonetheless very comfortable. I've stayed in far more expensive hotels that weren't a patch on it. English people will find it similar to a Holiday Inn type hotel. The best way I can endorse the hotel is to say that next time we visit New York we'll definitely stay at The Belvedere again!

Our Favorite Punta Cana Resort! Ocean Blue Beach

4 star resort in a priviledged location Wonderful beach at LTI

Good, but could do better. My husband and I stayed in room 305 in April 05. The location is excellent and the staff were very friendly and helpful. We arrived at the Hotel at 1.30pm but could not check in until 3pm, but we were able to leave our luggage and so off we went for a well earned drink! We had trouble with our shower - when we returned to the room on Sunday night we found a foul smelling black sludge had come up through the plughole (not nice). We reported it to Reception immediately - the chap on the door came up with us to take a look. We couldn't shower on Monday morning, but by the time we returned to the room in the afternoon the problem was fixed and the shower showed no signs of the sludge! So we could not fault them on this - blocked plugholes happen at home too! - and there responsiveness to the problem was appreciated.Our room was directly opposite the lift and it did ding a fair few times - but it wasn't loud enough to wake us. The rustling of plastic bags at 6.30am by, we assume, Housekeeping made us laugh rather than annoyed us. We couldn't work out what they were doing since it seemed to go on forever, but whenever we went out of the room, there was never anyone to be seen.I did find that the hairdryer only blew cold air - a pain, but overcome by showering as soon as we returned to the room in the evening, and letting my hair dry naturally for half an hour. The only other disappointing thing was that the room was not very clean. The sink, loo and shower WERE clean but the top of the times that ran round the bathroom were not, neither was the ledge on the loo - in fact it was revolting. The lamps by the bed were also really dirty. The walls in the bedroom and the bathroom were worn - a new coat of paint wouldn't go amiss. And the pictures above the bed weren't even hung straight. Now these little things certainly did not spoil our time in NYC (we loved it) but I was a bit disappointed since most of the other reviews we had read said how pristine the rooms are - ours wasn't.I would stay at Hotel 41 again - we know what to expect - but I would insist this time that the room was cleaned.

I wouldn't stay there again view from my room

Absolutely the BEST service received in any hotel! We booked this property to be able to enjoy the Magic Castle for my birthday and were not dissapointed! I recently read a negative review and wonder if that guest and I were at the same hotel!This 'botique' hotel was formerly a small apartment complex delightfully converted to a hotel that allows their guests access to the famous Magic Castle (fees required but worth every penny if you're a fan of magic). We found our one bedroom suite most welcoming. It was clean, freshly painted and the linens divine. Yes, we've stayed at much newer, more modern properties, but NONE with such OUTSTANDING CUSTOMER SERVICE!!! FREE (yes, free) snacks for the asking....soft drinks, water, candy bars, etc. Breakfast included the most delicous scones ever made among other choices. This property would be a super bargain for a travelling family to the Hollywood area. Its central location and spacious accommodations allow one to save $ by cooking in.We are local southern Californians and were only interested in attending the Castle until our arrival. The concierge enthusiastically provided a walking tour map and lots of local information. A real tourist's delight. Although I've not checked rates for similar properties, we found this place a pretty good deal! If you want Ritz attention roomy accommodations, this is the place.

Great holiday, great time!! We have just returned from the Palace, this being our third visit, but our first with our family (our daughter, her husband and their two children aged 8 and 5). We had been looking forward to this holiday for a long time and the children were very exited. This visit did not dissappoint - the staff are still as courteous and very helpful. The reception desk staff are very efficient and extremely helpful. The entertainment team included my grandson in the majority of the games, he is naturally very competitive and was over the moon to be able to play alongside the adults. We all enjoyed the food, we only used the buffet restaurant as this gave the children the freedom of choosing their favourites, rather than having the set meals in the speciality restaurants. We found the food to be very good and we certainly never went hungry. The children loved the pool, it was never crowded and as the weather was very hot we all appreciated the sunshades supplied in all the area's. The beach is beautiful and the sea was lovely and warm. The room's were large and spotless and very comfortable and we were grateful for the air conditioning which was very efficient. We all used the Jacuzzi, and had some interesting conversation with many nationalities, English was spoken by all, luckily! Our only one complaint, was that there was no solid division between the smoking and non smoking section of the main restaurant. As we are non smokers we asked for a no smoking table for our evening meal. However, at the lunch time sitting we had a restricted no smoking area which meant we were sitting very near the smokers. On a couple of occasions, some very inconsiderate smokers, smoked inbetween each course and smoke drifted over our table. This completely spoilt those meals. We would suggest that Riu implement a no smoking policy in all their restaurants in the future. I am sure that a smoker could go without a cigarette for the length of time it takes to eat a meal. Apart from this, the holiday was wonderful. Lovely weather, lovely food, lovely people.

The Hotel Valadon is a little gem! We spent 3 nights at the Hotel Valadon in early October. This hotel is a little gem---rooms are compact but very stylish, with high-quality fabrics used in the draperies. Ample light and ventilation is provided by two large windows. Bathrooms are small but well-designed. Victor and Maria are delightful hosts, and it was a treat to be around their dog Othello in the breakfast room. I am remembering Victor's wonderful black currant jam, and wish I had brought a jar back home with me.I think the hotel is an excellent value and would definitely stay there again. The location, with proximity to the Rue Cler and Metro and bus stops, is unbeatable.

Loved the Relais Bosquet We spent 4 nights at the Hotel Relais Bosquet in early October. The hotel is extremely comfortable and cheerful, rooms are ample in size for two people, and the closet space is exceptional. I loved the bathroom with an actual shower door (important for Americans who are used to shower curtains/doors). One morning the light in the toilet room was burned out---we meant to tell the front desk but forgot. Nevertheless, the light was replaced by the time we returned to our room in the afternoon. Good attention to details here.We faced the street with two large windows, but we never heard any street noise unless we wanted to. Location cannot be beat---access to the Metro, Rue Cler, and city buses is very easy. The hotel is within walking distance of major sights, and there are many restaurants and cafes nearby. Frederique at the front desk was extremely helpful with making dinner reservations and calling cabs, and she did it all with a smile!

Loved I stayed at the Sofitel London St.James at the beginning of November 2008 and really enjoyed my stay. The hotel staff was friendly and very hospitable. It has a very elegant, English feel. Good location, close to shopping and historical districts. When I return to London be choosing the Sofitel St.James again, and recommend it even for choosy travelers.

Great package I booked a two night stay of the romance package this past weekend, The overall stay was very good. Only complaint would be on first night, champagne was meant to be there on arrival and I had to go down to reception and ask them to send it up- however the staff were very nice about it and sent it up straight away. Also had a similar problem on second day, when I contacted reception to get chapagne for the second day sent up the receptionist was confused and told me I had already had the free champagne- the day before. However, the manager on duty was very helpful, checked the booking and sent up the champagne for us.Other than those two small things, the stay was wonderful. The restaurant staff were excellent, the food was delicious and the room was great. Very comfortable bed, good sized room, however there was no plug for the bathtub? disappointing as I was looking forward to a nice relaxing soak.All in all, a very good value package, I would definately stay there again, and will recommend to friends.

Don't let the hotel lobby impress you.... We stayed at this hotel for 5 nights while at a convention and was terribly disappointed the minute we stepped off the elevator. The doors were in need of some serious painting and the baseboards were beat and banged up. Our room was on the 25th floor of the North Tower (#2506) and when we walked in, the light just inside the door was hanging out of the ceiling. The bathroom is very small and the tub was in need of some serious scrubbing! The beds were very comfy and we slept great until 3am and the pipes were making noises inside the wall. Then again at 6am were awakened by the same noise. Finally after hearing that same noise again at 5am six times between 6am and 6:20am on the second night, I called the front desk and asked what was going on. They offered to move us to another room on the other side of the hall, so we accepted. Once we arrive in our new room (#2038) we got a good nights sleep for the remainder of our trip. The walls were dirtier in the new room there were big long black hairs on the ceiling of the bathroom. If we have a chance to return to Boston, we will certainly not return to the Sheraton. Being close to the convention center is not worth having a horrible room. I'd much rather have a nice room have to walk a little to get to the convention center!!

First Class all the way My husband and I stayed at the Marriott Marquis for his birthday weekend May 2-4. We were greeted the minute we walked into the hotel and were directed to the correct bank of elevators to get to registration. There were many Marriott employees providing this service which I thought was really nice if you were unfamiliar with the hotel. Check in was a breeze and very friendly. They comped us an upgrade to a stripview room for the birthday celebration. The rooms looked to be very recently renovated and the bedding was beautiful and oh so comfortable. The bathroom area looked completely renovated as well except for the tub and toilet. The only thing missing that I think would have been a nice touch for such classy rooms would have been bathrobes.The elevators can be a long wait at busy times but not a major thing. Location can't be beat. Even though it is in such a busy area, the soundproofing is wonderful. Even the corridors and noise from other rooms was minimal. All in all a wonderful stay.

Another great Kimpton hotel My husband and I had a gift certificate for a free stay but I think this hotel is well worth paying for. Check in was very friendly and attentive. As stated in previous reviews, the rooms are small but very comfortable. The bathtub is nice and deep, great for soaking. The afternoon wine reception was fun with red and white wine and organic beer. We had some appetizers and drinks at the attached Ponzu restaurant and were very pleased with the quality and the service. For anyone wanting to rent a car for the day the hotel is right around the corner from the car rental agencies on O'Farrell St. For people who like a great breakfast, the hotel is also only a block from Max's at Geary and Mason and the famous Dottie's True Blue Cafe on Jones.

Pleasantly Surprised We just visited NO this past weekend and was very satisfied with the Omni Royal Orleans. Unlike past reviews, there were numerous doormen to greet guests, take luggage, direct guests to elevators etc. Check-in was a breeze and we were assigned a King Bedded room with a courtyard view. Our room wasn't overly small and it boasted a massive jetted tub with nice showerhead all in one. I don't know what room type it was but it met all of our needs. All of the staff at the hotel were extremely friendly and, as with all the locals we ran into, were very thankful to have tourism back to NO. I have to admit that the tourist areas of the city including the French Quarter look even better than they did before. I am a travel agent and would not hesitate to send my clients to New Orleans for a leisure or business purposes.

junior suit We stayed 3 nights here, originally meant to be staying in the superior double but then decided to go for the junior suit as it was only 40 euro extra a night. Lovely hotel, overlooking Dam Square. Shops, cafes and bars located outside hotel. Red light district 5-10 minute walk away. Small amount of noise can be heard from outside whilst in your hotel room but nothing to disturb you at night. Overall a very pleasent hotel in the heart of Amsterdam. I will definetely stay here again.

We will not stay here again We stayed here for 5 nights on floor 21, rooms 17 18 (junior suite). Room 18 has a balcony but if you have young children, I would not recommend letting them outside on the balcony without an adult. There is a CD player in room 18. Room 17 has a bath with a shower. Room 18 has a shower with jets which, is really nice and relaxing to use but unfortunately, the water leaks out all over the bathroom floor and I don't mean drips, I mean a lot of water so you have to shower really quickly and then use 2 or 3 towels to soak up the water. We had a view of the sea from our rooms. The drinks in the fridge in your room are free. Water, coke, lemonade and cheap beer.On Friday night, my husband and I got woken by really loud music and some guy talking really loud on a microphone. This was around midnight. The music did not stop until 6am. The music was coming from one of the buildings across the road. To put it into perspective, my husband never has any trouble sleeping where ever he goes so for him to be kept awake, well you can imagine! I went to reception the next day and asked the lady behind the desk if the music we had heard on the Friday night was a one off or did it happens every weekend. She looked at me blankly and said that it had not happened before and must have been a special occasion. On Saturday night, the music started to build up from 11,30pm and again did not end until 6am but this time fireworks were also let off. My husband and I could not believe it. Wherever you stay in the hotel, you will not be able to avoid the loud music or the guy talking on the microphone. My husband went to complain the next day. The receptionist advised him that the hotel have complained to the Council regarding the noise but have been told that there is nothing they can do, There were a number of people complaining in the hotel regarding the noise experienced. I am not sure if it is a regular occurrence i.e. if it is a nightclub or it happens every few weeks. On the second night, we even wore ear plugs but could still hear it slightly. The loud bangs from the fireworks woke my son up and not even the ear plugs could shield us from that noise.AC hotel and the Hilton hotel are close by. The AC hotel is even closer to where the music was coming from than Princess hotel!The pool on the 23rd floor was from what I saw mostly for sunbathers and adults. The other pool on floor 3 was shallow and more suitable for children. The water in both pools was very cold and we only managed to go swimming once as he water was freezing. In my opinion, not suitable to swim in. The hotel should have the water heated in the pools.We went to take my son into the Jacuzzi as the pool water was too cold. The Jacuzzi was absolutely discussing. It was a slimy dirty yellow colour. If the jets were on, you would probably not see this and get into the Jacuzzi, god knows what germs and bacteria you pick up!The gym is located on the 3rd floor in a room just off the pool, it was small but adequate.We put a do not disturb sign on our door but the maid still went in and did our room when we were out. On 2 separate occasions, she forgot to put duvet covers on our duvets. The beds are quite comfortable and are on wheels. You can put the brakes on the bed to stop them moving, something we did not discover until our third night.There is a tourist bus which takes you all around Barcelona. This costs around 19 Euros for 1 day or 23 Euros for 2 days. You are provided with earphones and can listen in various languages to interesting facts regarding sites around Barcelona. You can get on and off the tourist bus as many times as you want. You are provided with city maps and a discount booklet. Children under 4 go free on the tourist bus. Be sure to ask what time they stop running. I think around 8/9pm.The metro and tram are also very easy to use.The shopping mall is right beside the hotel. There are various stores and a big supermarket. If you take any shopping into the supermarket, be aware that you have to place it in a plastic bag and seal it prior to entering the supermarket. There is a table with the plastic bags and a machine to seal it in the supermarket.There are a number of nice places to eat in the mall.The sea is about a 10/15 minute walk away from the hotel. There are no sun loungers on the beach or umbrellas. You can purchase straw mats (2.50 Euros) and umbrellas (4.99 Euros) from the supermarket in the mall. The beach has soft sand and showers to wash off sand when you are finished.In terms of taking food back to the hotel room, we never had any problems with this, we kept ham, butter, yogurts and beer in the fridge and crisps + water on the side. Personally I will not stay at this Hotel again.

Formal corporate america Don't get us wrong for an okay hotel experience (desk staff and porters really good) but it was an impersonal space with no coffee making facilities in the room and a charge of $1.98 if you drank the bottle of mineral water (one third of a liter) that was available, you were also charged if you had the temerity to use the starch that was perched above the ironing board....for a large hotel chain pretty shoddy practice....If you don't mind being in with corporate USA (terrible fashion sense!) this is the place for you. If on the other hand you want a funky experience look elsewhere.....very disappointed.For the price it does not represent good value for money.

Merci, Sofitel My husband and I were attracted to Sofitel by its #3 TA rating; securing a $149/night rate sealed the deal for us. Such a magnificent deal indeed considering the well-appointed room and exceptionally courteous staff! Our only small disappointments in our 2-night stay were the confined hanging space in the closet and our dismal inner courtyard view (but didn't request a change given that we had such a low rate and also we weren't spending much time in the room.) A tip: Apply for a Sofitel privilege card, which allows you to delay checkout until mid-afternoon. We were most grateful for the extra hours to fit in one more museum excursion and excellent lunch at Oyamel Cocina Mexicana.

Highly recommend!!! New York City

Location, Location, Location! We had a prompt e-mail response from the ** Hotel de Gerstekorrel with a fair price quote for our nine day visit to Amsterdam. I had read all the hotel reviews available on the web, and was looking for what would fill our needs....simple, safe, quiet and within walking distance of reasonably priced restaurants with good food, local sights, as well as Central train station for day trips.The Hotel de Gerstekorrel filled the bill! Our spacious room with private bath and tv was mostly quiet as requested (#27). The only time it wasn't quiet was when other guests were noisy arriving or departing which can be true of any **** hotel. The room was simple and clean, with thick white towels after a hot shower in the private bath, The twin beds were almost a human cocoon of cozy, comfort for my husband and me. Upon arrival at the hotel (long before actual check in time), from a 3 hr drive and 9 hr. sleepless flight, our luggage was cheerfuly secured, and when the room was ready we fell into the beds and slept like babies til late afternoon. This nap was not on our agenda but we never regretted it one bit!The entire staff was always friendly, and helpful; they seemed genuinely interested in making our stay memorable.As for the location, Hotel de Gerstekorrel was tops! Hotel de Gerstekorrel is situated within walking distance of the Central Station where we could walk to board and travel to nearby villages as well as an economical, timely assurance of getting back to the airport later for an early morning departure. Within blocks were various restaurants and easy walking to the tram or many of the sights of this lovely city.Note, the hotel stairs are a little steep, but normal for most European buildings where space is at premium. At 63, I had no trouble making it up to our room.The breakfast was not like home ( the only disapointment) but certainly kept us full til our noon meal. The strong coffee and orange juice were most welcome.After many, many years of foreign travel, we recognize a gem!When we return, we will no doubt stay here again, for a simple, safe, convenient, clean and comfortable stay.Thank you again, Lisa, and the whole staff for making our 44th anniversary so memorable!

Gorgeous room, poor service First, the positive: the two room suite we booked was gorgeous, clean and comfortable. The neighborhood is very quaint and the shops and people, very friendly. I love the way everyone has a dog and the shops put out water for them at nearly every store front. The Chinese food at Country Sky restaurant across the street is absolutely wonderful, I highly recommend the fish, dim sum and hot and sour soup. All Star Donuts has delicious early morning pastries and for late night dining, Mels Drive In, was very clean and tasty. Now, the down side. The desk clerk upon our arrival was very rude. When we arrived at 3:15pm, he very quickly informed us that our suite would not be ready until 4 or 4:15pm. When I pointed out that our printed reservation sheet said 3pm check-in, he insisted that did not apply to the suites (the most expensive rooms in the inn have the latest check in time?). Finally, he decided to pick up the phone and check with housekeeping to see if our room was ready. IT WAS. He never apologized, simply acted as if we had really inconvenienced him handed us our keys and sent us on our way. I can't recall when I have ever been treated so poorly at a hotel, especially when I have reserved the most costly room on the property! The only other contact I had with the desk was when I called to inquire about a morning newspaper. Again, the same man, in a very disinterested tone said, the manager will bring the paper around 7am.... I waited over 30 minutes then finally walked to the newspaper stand and purchased one myself. Don't expect great service at this hotel. In closing, I would like to give the highest praise to the Colors of Christmas performance at the Symphony Hall. If you get the opportunity to see it, you won't be disappointed!

Charming, small hotel My husband and I booked this hotel based on it's location and positive reviews. We stayed one night and attended the SF Ballet's Swan Lake. The ballet was beautiful and the hotel was only a short walk away. The staff is friendly but the rooms are extremely small. I would estimate about 200 sq feet. Our room on the 4th floor had a window that looked out to the alley but it was nice that we could open it for fresh air because it was unseasonably warm. The bed was comfortable but unfortunately we did not discover the ear plugs in the drawer of the nightstand until the next morning. We were awoken at 1:30am by an extremely loud garbage truck in the alley emptying the garbage bins and found it difficult to sleep due to the noise for most of the night. The bathroom was so small it was difficult to find space to put out toiletries but the shower did have adequate pressure. The complimentary breakfast in the morning is continental style, with very few choices. It is rather strange that the waiters hand out tip portfolios at breakfast, but since they were nice enough to refill our coffee cups for us we left them a few dollars. The parking package we booked via the internet was $142/night. Although the hotel was adequate, we felt the accommodations were simply too small to be comfortable. Next time we visit SF we will seek a hotel with larger rooms, even if the location is not as convenient. We enjoyed a nice dinner at the Hayes Street Grill but be sure to book advance reservations on performance nights because it gets very crowded. I would recommend any of the grilled fish, the french fries and of course the wondeful creme brulee! As with most restaurants in the area, it is expensive but the service was absolutely wonderful which is made it a lovely meal.

Holidays at the Parc Stayed at the Parc 55 for two nights, Dec 22-23, and couldn't have been happier with our accommodations. Prior to our arrival, I spoke to Donna (at the front desk) who was very helpful and made arrangements for two adjoining rooms with lovely views of the city. After reading many reviews about small rooms in the city, I found these rooms to be quite spacious with a sitting area where we could enjoy our coffee in the morning while enjoying the view. We found the beds very comfortable, the bathrooms good size, and the water pressure for showers was good. They had a great holiday room rate, $119/night, which was appreciated since parking is expensive $38/night. Everyone at the hotel, from the bellman to the room service waiter, was very courteous and friendly and we would definitely stay there again. We walked to Union Square and did some shopping and took in many San Francisco events. First, be prepared, everything in SF is EXPENSIVE. The first night we attended a concert at Davies Symphony Hall (excellent venue and fantastic musicians). Afterwards, we had dinner at the Italian restaurant across the street from the hotel(Panetti's)and it was very good. I recommend the eggplant parmesan. The second day we attended the 2pm performance of the San Francisco Ballet's Nutcracker at the War Memorial Opera House. This is an experience you don't want to miss. Beautiful scenery and dancing, it was truly breathtaking.I think we should have stopped with those two events, because the last one (Holiday Lights Tour) on the motorized cable car was a bummer. First, the only holiday lights you see are at Union Square (which is where we boarded). It's the standard (canned) tour of the city, nothing more, which we may have enjoyed more during the day, but at night, you miss a lot. Not recommended. After the tour, we couldn't find a place to eat that wasn't packed to the gills with shoppers, and it was 9pm. We finally got a table at Johnny's, where it was cramped and hot and the server had an attitude. Expensive and not very good, I wouldn't recommend Johnny's either. I think we would try and make dinner reservations next time we visit.All in all, we had a wondeful time in San Francisco!

Great hotel in a perfect location! This was my second time to New York but first stay in the city. I was traveling with my Mom and sister so we needed a room that would accommodate all three of us at a reasonable price. The room was perfect with a King size bed and queen size sofa sleeper. The kitchen came in handy as we were able to stock it with soda, wine and other necessities. The bathroom was only big enough for one and the closet was a bit small but we managed. The room rate included buffet breakfast daily which offered hot and cold food plus a self serve beverage area. Dinner was also offered but not quite as good as the breakfast. The staff was friendly and helpful although we were give incorrect information on two occasions. The location of the hotel was perfect; only 2 blocks from Time Square and We walked just about everywhere and when we walk there were several subway stops within 1-2 blocks of the hotel.I would highly recommend this hotel and would definitely stay there again.

Goog location Very close to the main station,clean rooms,modern hotel.For the price we paid it was a bargain!! Hotel staff were friendly enough.The majority of the staff were very young and attractive.Its good if you were a guy staying here because the woman that work here are very beautiful!i was a little jealous(i was with my husband.)haha.Overall it was ok,the rooms were clean,it looks new inside.The bar was good,The breakfast was nice for europe standards,Having free internet was good and for the price and location i would stay here again.

Great location Great location,nice hotel,clean room,near all the famous attractions,shopping,resturants,what more could you ask for?We had breakfast outside,there is no need to eat at the hotel because there are heaps of resturants near by.

Enjoyed our stay The staff at the hotel were friendly and helpful over our 2 week stay. It started out a bit rocky when we were offered a room with 2 beds overlooking the intersection of Ala Wai Seaside. Not wanting to spend the next morning sorting out our room, we said we'd wait while they found us something else. After 5 or 10 minutes, we were given a room on the 36th floor, with a view of Diamondhead/golf course/mountains/bit of ocean. Since we'd made the reservation many months in advance, it only seemed reasonable to wait for what we'd reserved. We knew from reading reviews at this website that the bathroom kitchen areas would be small, so no surprise there. The room was made up daily, and kept in good shape. The balcony was large (unlike the first room we were offered) and was used daily for morning coffee, and to gear down in the evening. It was a short walk to restaurants, tours, beach, and shopping. Thanks to a previous review, we found St. Germaine bakery (Kuhio accross from Jack In The Box) the first night, and had great bread every day for breakfast. Since we were staying for 2 weeks, the coin-op laundry was appreciated, and it was no hardship to wait at the pool while it was being done. There is also a massage center right on the same level as the pool, laundry, and sundries shop. Overall, we'd consider staying there again.

Utterly wonderful I read a review on here to ask in advance for a room facing the canal and to be above level 2. Well we asked and we received ! We were in room number 316 and the view was wonderful as well as the lovely smell of Chinese food from our neighbours !The bed was a double and very large indeed. Yes the room was small but you have to remember at the end of the day u are on a ship ! The shower was very poweful and in some cases too poweful. We had to stop showering now and again for the water to drain. When sat on the toilet u are touching the sink as well, but who cares ? not us !On arrival the man at reception was not over friendly and we had to pay for the three nights in advance. Once in my bedroom I noticed only two pillows on the bed and went back down to reception to ask for some more. We went out for the evening and I was a little upset as they hadn't arrived and then there was a knock at the door and two more pillows !In the stair well they have vending machines for soda, beer, crisps and snacks, but the bar on the ship stays open until 12.45am and also has a snooker table, pin ball machine, cd juke box and arcade games. The barmaid did inform us that we should tip her as well when she told us the price, which I thought was a little rude.The breakfast is not worth getting up for early if u have had a late night. Breads, cheese, funny bacon and weird tasting small saugages, with hard boiled eggs and a toaster to 'do-it-youself'. For drinks it was orange guice/apple juice/coffee. Don't even think about a good old cup of tea !The t.v. is good and they have 24-7 great porn on it, as well as all the dutch stations.No air con in the room, so good idea to keep your window open when u go out in the evening. Its so safe as remember u are on a ship !The view is wonderful and u can see all over Amsterdam from your window.I slept the three nights with ear plugs in and apparently my partner said he was only woken up once by late night party people.You need to take shampoo, soap and take your own towl, as theres are kinda thin. Also the loo paper is thin, so might be handy to take some tissues as well. At the end of the stay I did ask if the hotel could look after our bags as we had an afternoon flight back to the UK and we had to leave our rooms by 11am. We they took us to a very small room that was so full of bags on top of bags that it didn't look safe at all so we carried them around the town with us.This is the second time to Amsterdam and I will 110% want to go back to the botel and to be honest it made our holiday going there. How many times do u get to sleep on a ship ? Go give it a try and enjoy Amsterdam.

Loved the Mangos I went in June of 06' for seven nights eight days. The food was absolutely horrible.I felt as if they tried too hard to get American style food, and it just wasnt working . I came to a diff country and i wanted to eat Dominican Food, not wanna be chinese. My diet consisted of liquor, banana's and mangos the whole time i was their. The beach was beautiful, the staff were very friendly. Our room was always cleaned, with fresh towles daily. The pool was a little dirty, but what can you expect, people are getting in and out all the time. I found it very quiet, not a young crowd. The age range for our group of women were (21-34), their were more couples and family's than anything, The disco, had horrible music. They replayed songs over and over! We went off the resort in to the town, we got a ton of clothes and gifts for DIRT cheap! Try to go on the expeditions. They are fun. Plus you really get to see how poor that country really is, and to think WOW I should really appreciate what i have living in the USA. Over all i would rate my trip at 6, and i wouldn't go back to this resort. The liquor could have been better, food should have been Dominican, and to use a payphone around their to call home was a pain in the a*, especially when they ate up your phone card minutes very fast! Have Fun!

Great Hotel view from window

Good location and value We just returned from a six night stay at the EuroPark Hotel. Room was decent size and clean. Bathroom modern and clean. We were located on the 8th floor, far above the busy traffic street. This might be a problem on lower floors. Noise does carry from room to room - not intrusively though. Front desk merely a holder of keys - no help with local information. Great location - 5 minutes to Girona station. I would stay here again. Did not eat the breakfast as previously suggested. Many little spots around the hotel to eat at for 1/4 the price.

Relaxed and happy We spent two wonderful weeks in a Spa Water Villa. The villa was kept beautifully clean, the staff were wonderful and nothing was too much trouble. Our butler Wayan made sure all our needs were met, he was great. We ate in all the time and enjoyed the Balinese food prepared for us.Having our laundry done was a real bonus. The driver was very good and also helpful.The spa treatments were wonderful, I could do with some now!We are both past our sell by dates and have travelled extensively over the years and mostly stayed in 5* hotels. This holiday and villa lived up to everything we wanted it to be.We are going back to Bali and Balivillas in November with two friends as we were so pleased.

every year it's fantastic i should have written this review long ago, as my husband and i have been coming back to the Huntington for four years. This place is fantastic. everything you think old San Francisco should be. the bellman are great, always there but never obtrusive. they welcome us back by name. sure, it's because they're great recordkeepers, but it still feels good! the concierges have always been good. we've never had the same twice, but they employ the best, so it doesn't matter. we typically come in from Ohio, spend two or three nights here and then head up to Sonoma. we always have a car delivered on the morning we're leaving and it's never once been screwed up. if you travel a lot, you know that's unusual. makes me think they have a great reputation in town. we never eat there, but that's not a commentary on the restaurant - we just like to get out and check out other things. this past July, the restaurant was closed, as was the bar, for renovations. it was a bit of a disappointment, as we like to grab coffee, or a drink when we get home at night. the great thing was that they called us two days before we arrived to warn us about the closings - in case that would be too inconvenient for us. the rooms are great. the suites are very large, the regular rooms very roomy for an old hotel. location at the top of nob hill cannot be beaten. linens, beds, towels - all great. also, most rooms seem to have a window in the shower which we just love. there are probably a lot of hotels that are much cooler than this one, but we love it here. very worth the expense.

great location, and smoke free room! I stayed at de Las Letras in May 2007 on a solo vacation to Spain. If you are sound sensitive, request an interior room as the main street can be very noisy. I loved the location, it was easy for me to walk to all the important sites like the Prado, Reina Sofia, Royal Palace, etc as well as all the major shopping sites (the shoe stores in Madrid are fantastic!). I felt very safe as a female traveler walking during the day to and from my hotel as well as around the rest of Madrid. You are close to restaurants (if you want to wait until the 9 or 10pm for a sit down meal), but there are also a ton of cafes and kebab shops so you can eat when you wish and can come and go as you please. Another tip is that you can head to El Corte Ingles to pick up any groceries if you want to eat Al fresco, or want a simpler meal (they have wonderful take out salads). The front desk staff were wonderful, they spoke Spanish, French, Italian and English, and they booked my early taxi ride to the airport. I would totally recommend the hotel. It may be more expensive than others, but it is worth the cost due to location.

One of the best experiences I had! I LOVED it!!! Seriously, I felt as if I am a celebrity or a VIP spending bunch of money for staying at a luxurious boutique hotel. Even before our arrival, we called the hotel to ask about something and the front desk was extremely attentive. Then when we arrived from the bellman to every other staff that we met on the way to the front desk, I felt like I am Madonna or someone super famous: everyone gave us so much attention. The lobby is very antique and feels like I am at some very old mention with grand chandeliers. I asked for the ghosts stories and it was very amusing! My friend and I actually went all around hotel looking for the ghosts. Every corridor has a lot of old paintings, the rooms have very cozy feel to them with nice drapery. The restaurant downstairs has a fireplace, which made me want to go there all the time. There is also a bar next to the dining room featuring an antique cappuccino machine, which looks like an alien. :) They also serve hot chocolate at night and it is SUPER yummy. If it for the hotel, our trip to New Orleans would be a level or two down. Highly recommend it.

Wonderful location We stayed at the Hotel Bigallo on the recommendation of a friend, and were not disappointed. It was an easy walk from the train station, even with our luggage, and a great location (the windows opened up to a very close view of the Duomo). It was an easy walk to everything in Florence. The room was spacious and attractive, and the breakfast OK. It was noisy outside, even at night (just shut the windows for quiet). There was an computer in the lobby you could pay to use for email, etc.

Really Nice Great hotel.Nice,clean rooms,comfortable beds,big bathrooms.The stuff was kind and helpful and the breakfast pretty nice.Great location near the Santa Maria Novella railway station.Don't miss this!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

One of the better hotels I have stayed in. I stayed in the hotel for 3 days and unfortunately landed there on the weekend of the Memorial Holiday which meant that we were unable to sample the restuarant as it was closed. We had no problems with the staff.Our room was lovely, but our bathroom was very much on the small size. There was no way you were getting two people in there at the same time and we are not big people.Apart from that I would recommend this hotel in the future.

Disappointed second time around Having stayed at this hotel before and enjoyed it and had a nice room, this second stay was a disappointment.The ceiling in the entry of our room was mouldy and smelt. Can't believe that this wouldn't have been painted.We were woken up at 7am one morning by the room immediately next to ours being cleaned. The amount of noise coming from the bathroom being cleaned was enormous. Very inconsiderate. What a time to clean a room!!!!Also we requested and paid for a Deluxe room but we don't think this is what we were given.The room looked tired and the carpet on the third floor pretty old.Not so on the second floor leading to the Spa and pool. I guess this is kept nice because of the number of people using this area.Would think twice before staying here again, judging by our room, I would say if the rest of the hotel was the same, it needs a refurbishment.Not the hotels fault, but the massive construction site next door unfortunately spoils the outlook. We asked for a quite room and got one.

Do Not Stay In This Hotel!!!!!!!!!!! When I arrived they gave me a room and it was completely dirty, there were a lot of hairs in all the bathroom and in the sheet too. I went to the front door and I asked them to change me for the other room immediately. They changed me but the problems were the same. When you arrive you must pay U$6 for Internet, telephone and breakfast, but the telephone did not work, the signal from the internet was horrible and the breakfast was a joke. The next day I found another hotel to stay. It was impossible to stay.

Very good I stayed 3 nights and I really like it. The bedroom was very modern and the bed very nice. The breakfast was very healthful.

Good value short stay Stayed here for two nights in January with our teenage children. I think they did a fantastic job considering Sydney and this hotel was packed with England cricket fans. Staff were friendly and helpful. The cheaper restaurant downstairs was great for children, if a little lively. The room was perfect for what we wanted; two queen beds and coffee-making area. It was clean, modern and in a great location. What more could you want?

Great Stay Just got back from a fabulous weekend at H10 Universitat Hotel. The glass of Cava on arrival was extremely welcome. Hotel staff were very friendly and helpful. One of the reception staff went as far as to write down some useful phrases for us as we had no phrase book. The hotel is ideally situated for exploring the city. The room had a very stylish, contemporary design, with a fabulous bathroom. Be warned room 704 is VERY VERY small (smallest on that floor). It was fine for a couple of nights, but even then we were unable to fit all of our clothes in the small wardrobe (already containing spare pillows and blankets) and two tiny drawers.We did not eat breakfast in the hotel as there was a wonderful cafe, serving speciality breads, virtually opposite the hotel. We found a fantastic Catalan restaurant called L'Olive, five minutes' walk from hotel and off the tourist route (ask at reception for directions). It's not cheap, but great if you want to experience Catalan food - it's best to reserve a table as the place was full. Would definitely go back to H10 Universitat hotel Barcelona, but perhaps not in room 704!

We didn't want to leave! What a place for a stopover! I was travelling to Sydney with my husband and two children, aged 12 and 13, and chose the Harbour plaza because of Trip Advisor reviews. They are not wrong. After a long flight it is fantastic to have such luxury. It is also in a fantastic location - with shops and lots of restaurants. Do not be put off eating at the restaurants just because they have no English outside. Inside most seem to have English translations, or at least one person who can help out. We particularly liked the Moon Chiu (spelling?) on the corner very close to the hotel. We were treated like royalty and the food was very good - and exceptionally good value. The food court offers lots of choice, though we found it better to eat there at lunch time as in the evening it was packed! Our last afternoon/evening was amazing. We went up to the Peak visited Madam Tussaud's - very different to London's. There are lots of models to interest westerners and you can actually get up close and have your picture taken with them. It was very interactive and not too busy. Kids loved it. We then did a lovely short walk around the Peak and went for an evening meal. We booked Cafe Deco restaurant before we left England. It was fab. We had a table inside overlooking the Harbour (see Frommer's website for advice on booking).We all adored Hong Kong and hope to go back again.

Loved Raffles We stayed in a courtyard suite at Raffles for two nights in June 2006 and cannot recommend it highly enough. Our room was huge and very comfortable - the style was colonial with all mod cons, and we were provided with our own valet. Although the hotel is swarming with tourists, residents of the hotel are provided with their own key to private areas and the rooms are gated off to ensure privacy. Also the pretty rooftop swimming pool is not open to tourists.We ate at both the Grill and the Tiffin Room restaurants which were both superb, with a wide choice of menu and excellent attentive staff.A must if you're visiting Singapore!

Beautiful, quaint and conveniently located two full/queen beds and a sofa bed

Great location This is a great classy hotel in the heart of downtown Seattle. It is a very short 10 minute walk to Pike's Market, the downtown library, Belltown area, and many other areas. We booked the tickets through priceline and we were able to get a great price. Our room faced 6th avenue and had a view of the water in the distance. Pros: location, comfortable bed, very helpful staff, and they stored our luggage even after we had checked out. Cons: you had to pay for internet access daily. I would definitely stay here again.

A nice trip overall .... We took a quick, last minute trip to the DR and stayed at the Bavaro Princess from July 7 - 10. When I looked at this site prior to the trip, I didn't see many reviews from folks with younger kids, so I wasn't sure how my 11 and 7 year olds would like the resort. Overall, I'd say the experience was very good. It definitely helped to read the reviews on this site, since I am pretty picky about hotels (cleanliness, bugs, food, etc.). Because of the reviews (even the bad ones) I wasn't surprised by anyting I ran into on the trip. We traveled through Apple Vacations (our first time) and by the end of the trip decided we'd use Apple again. We left out ot Newark, NJ on USA 3000 and experienced a significant delay. We were scheduled for a 6:00 am flight (figured we'd sleep the entire way), but when we left for the airport and called the airline, we learned that we were delayed until 7:30. I remembered that with USA 3000, seat assignments are on a first come, first served basis, so we went to the airport anyway. The good news is we did get seats together; however, the slight was delayed further and we didn't leave Newark until 8:30. We were all exhaused since we were up since 3 am, but got some sleep at the airport and on the flight and were fine once we hit the resort.The resort was beautiful. Hot, but that was expected in July. Checking In I remembered that the check in line could be long, so while my husband dealt with the luggage, me and the kids headed for check in. This was a wise decision, because within about a minute there was a long line behind us in a very hot lobby. We asked about a courtesy upgrade to platinum, but were advised of a $30 per day/per person charge and we decided it wasn't worth it for a short trip. The RoomWe got a room (752, I think) that was a 30 second walk from the beach and main pool which was very convenient. Everything I read about the room was pretty accurate ... clean, no bugs, room key for the lights, a slight musty smell (but I was prepared with disenfecting spray and febreeze, so no big deal), the beds were very hard (but by the time we went to sleep, who cared), no washcloths in the room, but I did bring some from home. There was bottled water in the room fridge, but we did bring bottled water from home and used it to brush our teeth in the room. Also, I noticed that the water left my hands feeling a little grimy after I washed my hands so we kept hand sanitizer on hand as well.No bugs in our room - thank god - and only one little lizard on our room wall one night. There was a hummingbird that hung out near our balcony which was cool.The Food / DrinksUnless you got up very early, getting reservations was tough. As a result, we mostly ate at the buffet off the lobby or at the beach grill / buffet which was fine. The selection was good, but my kids stuck with burgers (which tasted different ??), pasta, fruit, they didn't like the pizza. We did get a late reservation at Sakura one night and found the food ok. (Note: A late reservation with kids was a bad idea, but we thought we'd give it a try.) The Apple rep told us that the water and ice in the resort was filtered, so after the first day we drank it and had no problems while at the resort. On our last night at the resort, my son experienced a stomach ache, so I'd suggest bringing Pepto Bismol or Immodium with you as I did.The BeachBeach was great. We did bring cheap beach toys in our luggage for the kids, which they enjoyed for hours. The water was clean and my kids enjoyed the waves. If you are traveling with kids, give them a heads up about the topless situation, because they will see some sights on the beach !The Pool The pool was clean and there always seemed to be activities going on for the adults. Nothing for the kids, though. There was a shallow area of the pool which the kids enjoyed.The staffThe staff was very friendly and helpful. The one thing I was surprised about is how little English was spoken by the staff. At each of the main areas (main pool bar, lobby, etc.) you could find one or two members of the staff who spoke English well, but not many. Communication was more difficult than I expected, but if you worked at it, you could get what you needed. Even speaking a little Spanish helped. The shows were introduced in Spanish too. Entertainment for Families/KidsI was not aware of any organized activities for kids at this resort. My kids did enjoy watching the Lion King performance one night and the Festival show as well, although that one was more of a variety show. Again, no big deal for us on a quick trip, but if I had stayed longer, I would have preferred a resort with some activities for kids (outside of the kids (babysitting) club during the day.Overall, the Bavarro Princess met or exceeded our expectations in every area. We would probably not go back to the DR, because there are other destinations we want to experience. Also, I will say that when we returned home, my husband and I experienced stomach issues a few days. If we did decide to return to DR, we'd consider staying at the Bavaro or maybe try the Paridisus which I hear if really nice, but more expensive. Feel free to contact me with questions and enjoy your trip ! angjohjoh@yahoo.com

Loved the Vintage Court- Great Location! Hi, stayed in this hotel for 5 nights in August 05. We really enjoyed our stay there, our room was spacious and tastefully decorated with a huge comfortable queen size bed and a large television with some good channels and pay per view movies.There was also a mini bar and armchair in the living room and a good sized marble bathroom with bath and free toiletries.The reception area of the hotel is really nice with a lounge area and open fireplace. The hotel staff were really helpful and a pastry breakfast is provided before 9am (i think). The location of the hotel is really covenient, being only a few blocks from Union square and on the same block as China Town. You can catch a tram at the end of the block to Canary Wharf which is good fun- and a bit scary when you are goin up the steep hills haha! Canary Wharf is a lovely place and the Golden Gate Bridge is breath taking! I would reccomend hiring a bike and riding to the bridge as it is not as close as it looks and is great fun riding- it is quite tough at parts (going up hills etc) but when you reach the bridge is totally worth it! Alcatraz is also a must see! It is a bit cold in August on Alcatraz as it is quite windy on the bay so make sure you take a jacket. I Can't wait for my next visit to San Fransisco and I will be staying at the Executive Hotel Vintage Court again!

Perfect Choice We stayed 4 nights at the Orafi at the start of June. We booked the actual Room With A View (room 414) from the book/movie of the same name. I was last in Florence 22 years ago, and when I was there then I watched the movie being filmed - so it came full circle for me.We paid E480/night. Expensive but we loved our stay there. The room is not large and there is very little storage (3 tiny drawers in the wardrobe) and simply not much room to spread out. But the patio out the French glass doors of this room is large and beautiful - and you simply can't beat the view! If you don't want to spend alot of money you can also enjoy most of the same view from the patio bar next floor up. The bar has a nice house wine and little bowls of munchies perfect for replenishing yourself after a long day of museums and shopping. The setting of the patio bar feels intimate and special, and it is a nice opportunity to meet other hotel guests from around the world and share stories.My favorite thing about this hotel is the location!! It is adjacent to the Arno by the foot of the Ponte Vecchio, a half a block from the Uffizi and a few minutes walk to what I think is the best piazza in Florence, the Piazza Signoria. I did not stay in the absolute center of things on my last visit and that was a mistake. It is wonderful to be able to pop in to your hotel to drop off packages or freshen up. Our weather was lovely but if you stay in Florence in the summer it can get extremely warm and uncomfortable. You will love that your hotel always seems to be convenient to where you are.My only concern when I booked was that it may be a bit noisy being by the river and the Ponte Vecchio. And the hotel's rooftop bar was above our room. The opposite was true - we could have heard a pin drop! The lungarno is a roofed walkway so the potential noise of all the people below is blocked. And the architecture of the surrounding rooftops and archways bounce the sound away and keep this hotel very quiet. My second favorite thing about this hotel is their breakfast (and the dining room it is served in) and I am not really even a breakfast person. In all of my extensive travels I have never experienced such a full array of wonderful foods as part of a complimentary breakfast. The pastries, the specialty cakes, the eggs, bacon, salmon, salads, fruit, champagne, etc....... was super!I strongly recommend this hotel and will stay here again on my next trip.

Sydney Harbor Marriott worked out great! We stayed at the Sydney Harbor Marriott between December 28 and January 2, 2005. We booked our reservation almost a year in advance because we wanted to use Reward points and we wanted to have the New Year's Eve experience at the Opera House. Our room was of course free with points, but we paid out of pocket $110US/night to upgrade to a suite facing the Opera House, and it was definitely worth it.Granted, I certainly cannot complain about the hotel since the majority of the cost was free. But even if we had paid full price, it was a lovely place to stay. The room was very clean and attractively decorated (though the suite is not large as suites go). The hotel (as many of the large hotels) is very conveniently located to the key tourist areas. A Starbucks is right across the way. An Avis branch is located in the hotel which made things very convenient for taking a trip to the Blue Mountains. The service from the staff was quite good as well.Make sure to have access to the concierge level. The alcohol was free, and the hor d'oeurves spread was more than enough for a dinner if you did not want to go out. There was a wide selection of foods offered both in the evening and in the morning for breakfast. New Year's Eve was everything I had hoped it would be. We had gotten tickets on-line for the actual NYE performance in the Opera House, and we could view the fireworks from viewing platforms in the Opera House, so we did not have to deal with the throngs of people jockeying for position. Although our Marriott room had a direct view of the harbor, you would not want to stay in your hotel while this world-reknown visual extravaganza is going on. Unfortunately for them, some people thought that would be the best way to enjoy the fireworks. It was said that the harbor had 1.5 million people viewing the fireworks, and it probably did. But the crowd was so happy and well behaved (no alcohol can be brought in) that I felt very comfortable and safe - and would have felt safe walking back to the hotel without my husband had I needed to.Marriott is not the Four Seasons, but then again they don't charge like them either. It was a perfect place to land for 5 days, and I would definitely stay there again.

Great Location, Friendly Management As other reviewers have mentioned, you must be able to climb one flight of stairs to reach the elevator. That said, the Hotel Alessandra was a very pleasant stay. We had a family room which was clean and comfortable for our needs. My friends were in double rooms and they were lovely.

Double Tree Not so Grand Stayed one night.Upon entrance of the hotel, it is beautiful inside, the lobby that is. Staff are okay. The concerge desk is unfriendly and rude when asked time taken on the way back to get to airport via taxi. Very standoffish. I stayed in the 1 bedroom condo. Upon 'glance' appearance, it is very nice looking. Many spots on the ceiling from water damage and oil spots. Bed was comfortable. Shower disguistingly dirty with mold apparent. Soaker tub was not clean as hairs found. I was woken up via phone by the housekeeping staff asking what time I would be checking out. Then an hour later the staff knocked on the door and asked again when I would be checking out. Quite the disturbance. The pool is dirty with brown stains on the bottom. I would not walk about bare foot around the pool as it also looked unkempt. This hotel is a sad attempt at renovating a very old building.I would rather pay the same expensive rate and get my moneys worth elsewhere.

Loved the Biltmore! Arriving at the Biltmore was a relief after a night in another disasterous resort. THe Biltmore still has the old world charm of a real resort. You truly dont need to leave the property,as Pheonix itself is not much to write home about. I stayed in a golf view Villa room that was tastfully decorated, a very comfy bed and a great view of the cascading golf course.The main pool was a little crowded for my taste, but there are 8 pools on the grounds so there is a pool for everyone.Room service was speedy and actually delicious, (beef medallion quasidilla was the best!)There is plenty of shopping, a Lilly Pulitzer store, so I was in heaven, and a starbucks, 2x the price of a regular- non resort starbucks!All and all it was a great stay, and upon check out, booked my next trip for June.

Great location! The location of this hotel is perfect! Its right in the heart of China Town, and you can easily walk to all attractions!! Just a few minutes of all the best affordable shops in union square and market street!! The room is what it is. The main part was fine, but the bathroom i had issues with. My bathroom ceiling was caving in and everytime the person above me had a shower it would come through. My sink tap would only work now and again! Check out is 12.00pm, and the staff were ringing and constantly trying to get me out of the room from 11.00am!!

Good location despite initial misgivings. We arrived in Los Angeles by train from San Francisco and took a taxi to the hotel. Our initial concerns were that the hotel appeared to be miles from anywhere and also at the intersection of several large highways. However, it is situated near local bus stops and we found we could travel around Los Angeles and down to Santa Monica and Venice with no difficulty. Both the hotel valet staff and local bus drivers are extremely helpful-more so than the taxi drivers! The hotel has everything needed and the rooms were very comfortable. There was little noise inside the room despite being surrounded by many lanes of busy roads. I would highly recommend this hotel for a short break in Los Angeles.

Great hotel and convenient! We stayed here over New Year and were a little unsure of what to expect due to the diversity of reviews on this site. However,we were very pleasantly surprisd at the standard of the hotel. Very convenient for all the attractions, only a short walk from Times Square and a few minutes from Central Park. Our room was large, with a HUGE bed, well decorated, a wide screen TV, tea and coffee making facilities, iron and ironing board, room safe etc. The complimentary breakfast was very enjoyable and you could eat loads of fruit, cereals, hot dishes etc. There was also free packed breakfasts for those in a rush and free tea, coffee, hot chocolate, cookies and fruit all day long in the foyer. The hotel was very clean and all the staff friendly. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone looking for accomodation in the heart of the city.

Average - Beware of the Bed Bugs My boyfriend and I stayed here for 3 nights at the weekend. First impressions where the very steep stairs up to the reception on the first floor. Easy check in with John very friendly. Then we where informed of the bad news our room was on the fourth Floor...yes again that meant walking up them dreadful stairs. The room looked clean and well presented on the first look...but look deeper...The room was very small...enough room to walk around the bed though. The sheets looked clean, as they where white..Bathroom was very very small, but we managed to cope for the 4 days. On the 2nd day, I started get these red lumps (very itchy) turns out there was bed bugs!!! Yuck. I am covered and so is my boyfriend. That put me off immediately. Plus one evening we where walking about in our bare feet and my fella screamed, and there was a rusty nail sticking up out of the floor. The location of the hotel is excellent. It took less than a minute to walk to the main square of Leidesplein and about 15minutes walk to Dam Sqaure.The hotel would be fine for those wishing to make alot of use of the local coffeeshops, but for those wishing to have a nice weekend away, stay in a nicer hotel.

New hotel, expensive parking - location good for sporting events only! This was a very nice hotel - brand new! The hotel restaurant was still under construction when I stayed, but it looked like it would be nice. The room was comfortable (it was a little dark), and the flat-panel HD TV delighted my husband to no end! The round-the-clock Tully's coffee in the lobby was great to offset the horrible freezing rain we had to deal with. The excercise room is fantastic, with top-of-the-line equipment - bring your headphones to watch tv in the console monitors. The location is terrible unless you are only in town for a sporting event. There are homeless people sleeping in nearby doorways, and almost nothing around the hotel. We walked the distance to Pike's Market (walkable in good weather), but there are several blocks of empty buildings that aren't welcoming, and I wouldn't have walked it alone. The parking is EXPENSIVE, but there's nowhere else to park unless you want to leave your car in an unattended (dubious looking) lot. The staff was very nice, though, and the continental breakfast was acceptable (there's nowhere else to get breakfast nearby, so you might as well eat there).

Beware Ventilation / Air Quality Issues We had originally intended to stay 5 nights at this hotel which is just a couple of blocks from Waikiki beach and offers a great view of the surf. However, when we entered our room we were hit with a strong mold odor and could see mold along the top and bottom of the wall between the bathroom and main space. When we tried to call down to the front desk to report the problem the phone didn't work. We dragged our luggage back down to the front desk and were given another room. This room smelled better but still had a slight odor and visible evidence of past water damage. We knew ahead of time that the hotel is undergoing renovations and will not allow guests to open the sliding doors to the balconys . However, we had not realized the balcony doors offer the only available fresh air source above the lobby level. This does not help the obvious moisture issues. The air quality was so bad we hardly slept, felt ill and checked out the following morning. The hotel lobby, which includes a bar and seating areas, has already been renovated and might be a nice place to be if it had decent lighting. The front desk staff were okay. The valet staff were rather agressive - we had 4 people on our car the first moment we pulled in and found it a bit much. We won't be going back.

Not the place to go if you enjoy good food! the hotel

an overall great family holiday resort! We just arrived home on the 16th of February after spending a great week at the Melia Caribe Tropical resort. My husband and I travelled with our two daughters who are 3 and 5 years old. The resort grounds are large and extremely beautiful. There is a train that ran all day every 15 minutes or so and took you all over the grounds. We never had to wait long for the train and our children enjoyed the ride through the resort. Our hotel room was 43 and was situated close to the restaurants and a short 15 minute walk or short train ride to the beach and pools. We have travelled quite extensively and were very surprised after we arrived home to read some of the negative reviews. First of all the grounds were one of the nicest we have seen as is the beach! Beautiful white sand and turquoise waters. The rooms were nice and kept very clean. Our fridge was stocked with water and beer daily by the maid. The staff were extremely nice and accomodating and genuinely love children! It is hard travelling with children but we felt the staff bent over backwards and made our holiday a very enjoyable one. We did tip but did not feel pressured to as we have felt at some other resorts. The food was plentiful and there was a large variety. I can't understand people complaining about the food as there are 8 or 9 a la carte restaurants and three buffets offered at particular times of the day. The staff at the buffets will make you eggs etc anyway you like them at breakfast and fresh pasta of your choice at lunch and dinner. There were so much food to choose from I can't imagine anyone having a hard time finding SOMETHING that they would like!! You do have to call to make reservations for the a la carte restaurants the day before. If you call between 7-8 am you will be sure to get into the restaurants of your choice. Just be flexible with the hours of your reservations if you are able to. On a negative note, I did get sick from what I am not sure but just mildly and I recommend packing the necessary medication. The rest of my family was fine and you run the risk of that happening no matter where you go! The mosquitos were quite bad at night so pack some bug repellant as well.In closing I think your holiday is what you make it! If you are expecting a nice holiday I don't think you will be disappointed at this resort. We weren't! We met wonderful new friends and enjoyed our stay at the Melia Caribe Tropical Resort. We look forward to returning in the future.Burlington, OntarioCanada

Can't go wrong with the Majestic! Just got back from a week at the Majestic Colonial in the Dominican Republic Punta Cana Feb 9th- 16th. To start I highly recommend the resort and leaving on a Friday to Friday. We traveled with our family of four and another family of four. We did not have to wait in line other than for 5 minutes at the Domincan airport. Everything just seemed to fall into place!The hotel was very good! The food was plentiful and delicious. The buffet that was offered at Valentine's day was the best I have ever seen not just in the presentation but also in the selection and taste. The best part of this resort other than the fact that it is not huge is that the restaurants did not require reservations other than for the Japenese restaurant and the Le Gourmet restaurant. Never had a problem getting in at the time you wanted. Service was very good!The staff were friendly and very accomodating! They genuinely love children! The kids club was excellent! Maggie and Maria who took care of the children were wonderful and made the children feel at ease which in turn made the parents feel comfortable. All four of our girls had a great time and enjoyed the mornings they spent at the club on the waterslides. and drawing pictures. The kids club facility was extremely clean. The resort offered entertainment both for the kids and the adults in the evening. We enjoyed the shows.The rooms were very nice ....huge showers and a bath in the rooms. The balconies were very large. The rooms overlooking the pool were nice. Spacious and very clean!We would highly recommend this resort to anyone considering the Dominican Republic. The beaches were gorgeous as was the pool that ran through the whole resort. Never had a problem finding a spot on the beach and pool provided you got out to reserve your spot by 9 am or so. A few of us had tummy problems temporarily but that is what happens when you go to a different country and indulge in a lot of different things. Although I am not a doctor I would highly recommend the Dukoral (travelers anti diaherea oral vacination) that can be prescribed by a physician. Worked for me! Just an extra percaution that could be and was worth the extra cost. Enjoy your vacation! Lay back and relax. Don't be in a hurray and you will get your monies worth and more from this resort!

Convenient, modern hotel that overlooks a great city It was easy to get to the underground, hop on a tram or get on a bus from the Metropark Causeway Bay. Staff were friendly and very helpful. Rooms are clean, small but functional. When you visit Hong Kong you don't want to stay in the room much which is fortunate for us as our room was at the back and looked directly across into another block of flats and our friends room looked into a block of flats that were being renovated/newly built and was surrounded by green netting. No, we were not given a view over the harbour - do you have to pay extra for that we wondered? There is no lounge to sit in only a few chairs and low tables by the lift or in the bar. However the staff went out of their way to serve us when we hadn't book a table in the restaurant and we only wanted a snack. They moved tables, laid it with white stiff cloths and napkins and served us in the foyer outside the restaurant - the food still tasted good and we were appreciative. Each morning someone knocked on the door to see if we had any laundry we wanted doing. We have stayed at the sister hotel in Kowloon but this is more convenient and we would stay here again.

Return from the Dam Amsterdam: Ramada City CentreDate: 9 January 2007Reviewer: Trip Advisor Member, UKJust returned from very enjoyable first visit to the Dam - people there are all very friendly and helpful, stayed at Ramada City Centre which was ok - yes the rooms are small - tried to get us to upgrade for twenty-five euros per night (declined), just as well as later learned other people had upgraded but rooms were no bigger than the standard, still room was cleaned each day, bed comfy, clean towels, all that no problem, breakfast ok, location was excellent, just up the street from Dam Square. Weather was very wet and windy but didn't stop us getting around and seeing the sights - Anne Frank house a must see but be sure you have a good map to find your way around on foot. If you like a good steak try the Grasshopper Steakhouse/Restaurant down from Dam Square near the station, lovely Dutch pancake cafe just by the flower market should be visited. For a good laugh visit to Madam Taussaud's - well worth it.

Worth a 4... for sure. I wanted to write a review for this Hotel because I thought the current 3 rating was a little harsh. Whilst I wouldn't necessarily give it a 5, a 4 is definately a fairer representation, I would say.Firstly, I would say all the usual requirement boxes were checked:*Comfy bed* Modern Clean bathroom.* Modern decor in bedroom.* Flat screen satelite tv etc.However, I have three (main) pro's for this hotel...1.) Great Central Location... very close to London Bridge Tube Station, making all other tube stops easily accessible.2.) Room we stayed in seemed to be well sound proofed, quite crucial given the close proximity to the tube line. I am a very light sleeper and I was not distrubed once in the night/morning at all.3.) Great breakfast... although I understand you normally have to pay for this seperately, ours was included as part of the deal for the room.RECOMMENDATION...We booked through LateRoom.Com and got the room at a competitive price compared to London Bridge's own website prices, our rate also included the breakfast, which would've been (as I recall) somewhere in the region of per person... so is worth checking out this booking agent.Although, I would say its worth ringing on morning of your arrival (as I did) to confirm whether you have been allocated a double or a twin room. We wanted a double but had been allocated a twin room... as it happened there was no problem changing to a double room at late notice and there was no extra charge for this either. Just a point worth noting.

Excellent stay I contacted the hotel direct to book and specifically ask for a room with a good harbour view. When we arrived we were told we had been allocated a room on the 11th floor ,superior rooms,but after a short wait were told that we would be in a room on the executive 19th floor, including one free breakfast and one for 25% off.All for just under per night. Check in staff very helpful and friendly as were all staff.The room was bigger than any other Hong Kong hotel room that we had stayed in on 8 previous ocassions.Lovely views across to the Island and the harbour but dont expect a good view of the lights at night as the windows are tinted.Breakfast was very good with great views from the Promenade cafe..Transport was no problem, the star ferry took longer(12 mins) to Central but gave a great all round view of both sides.We had a good stay and can thoroughly recommend the Harbour Plaza.

Modern, sheek hotel. Wonderful stay... lovely comfy room

Fantastic Location Great 2 Star Hotel in fantastic location. Friendly and helpful staff. Very clean rooms and good value for money for hotel in Latin Quarter.

We Loved It! Dominican Night on the Beach

Brilliant Hotel Fantastic Hotel. Centrally located. The staff were great - their service levels were above and beyond expectations. And the rooms were amazing. Even if you don't have a harbour view room (and it's a real shame if you don't) you can still take the lift up to the roof, to the pool, and see the great view from there.The buffet breakfast was superb as was their dinner menu. And guests of the hotel immediately get 30% off the menu in the hotel restaurant so it's really good value.I'd go back to this hotel in an instant!!!!

Degli Orafi- perfecto! The degli Orafi was our favorite hotel in our travels in Italy. The location is perfect, rooms are great and the staff is very helpful. I would definitely return and recommend this hotel.

Perfect little hotel.... I loved everything about this hotel! Room with a view as promised. Walking distance to all of French Quarter, but quiet and charming. Friendly staff. I would definitely stay at the Provincial again!

What a nightmare... We booked the St. Louis through ------ approximtely nine months before our arrival and confirmed the day before leaving California. When we arrived, we were told that the St. Louis had overbooked because of a wedding party. At least five other couples shared our experience of having their rooms given away and personnel at the St. Louis acted as if this were perfectly routine. The St. Louis refused a refund but offered rooms at their sister hotel the St. Ann. This hotel is the filthiest place I have ever been in. We were unable to use the shower due to mold; phones were nonfunctional and the carpet was covered with stains. From reading comments about hotels as well as the St. Louis, this doesn't appear to be an isolated incident.

Perfect hotel to start our honeymoon We had the pleasure of starting our honeymoon at the Chancellor Hotel as part of our three centre west coast US visit to San Francisco, Los Angeles and Las Vegas. I chose the hotel as it was recommended by Trailfinders who said their guests loved it, and despite extensive research on the net and Tripadvisor I could not see another hotel I would prefer.We arrived at the hotel at 1.30 am after a nightmare 24 hour, 3 flight due to plane delays, journey from the UK (7 hours late). After taking a minibus from the airport we checked in and were warmly welcomed, no queue due to lateness of the hour. I had emailed the manager in advance and he had allocated us a high floor (14th) room with a view of Union Square as requested. A bottle of wine on ice and a lovely giftwrapped photograph frame were waiting for us due to this being our honeymoon. I must be in the minority as I did not think our standard room was small at all, average and above average compared to many UK hotel rooms (it was half as big again as the room we spent our wedding night in, in Scotland, although I appreciate many US hotels have larger rooms) and, given the massive walk-in cupboard with two luggage holders for storing our suitcases and hand luggage, I found the room spacious and not cramped at all. Nice sized bathroom with toiletries and bath salts as well as the renowned rubber duck! I also chose from the pillow menu the next day. I knew there was no air conditioning as it is listed against all the information you read about this hotel, e.g brochures, Tripadvisor, net info and hotel website so It's really not a surprise. We found the ceiling fan to be sufficent in October. We never had to wait long for a lift/elevator and I never noticed any shabbiness in the bedroom or public areas which other guests have remarked upon (and our visit was some time ago before renovations). Maybe I am lax in choosing not to inspect every surface and drapery looking for minor flaws but I was on holiday and it all seemed ok to me.The location is spot on, right next to Union Square and 2 cable car routes. It's not far to walk to get onto the various bus routes either, Susan at the Tour Desk told us the buses we needed to get to Golden Gate Park for example. She also booked our return transport to the airport. We received two complimentary $5 cable car postcard passes on check in, but as we purchased the excellent value $18 3 day muni passes, we kept these as souvenirs. I loved riding the cable cars for fun as well as for getting places. We found the people very friendly and the city very cosmopolitan, I was surprised how much at home I felt. Had a lovely boat trip on the Bay under the Golden Gate Bridge and a separate ferry trip to Alcatraz which is unmissable - make sure you get the audioguide tour. An ex-inmate Darwin Coon was signing copies of his book on the day we visited Alcatraz and answering questions - an unexpected bonus.The hotel does a nice breakfast and we used our 10% discount coupon given at check in for this. We also had to visit Sears Fine Foods next door given the high recommendations it receives but I found little difference between the two. We also had a good value breakfast at Lefty O'Doul's two blocks away and enjoyed visiting this bar at night too. Met some very interesting people! Alicia at the bar at the Chancellor was attentive and my husband had a few drinks here through our visit whilst waiting for me to get ready oh and to watch the sports on TV. Various complimentary foodstuffs and tea/coffee are available in the lobby although we never took advantage of these due to eating so well. Location wise we much preferred the city centre location as compared to Fisherman's Wharf (an easy cable car ride away), plus you can walk lots of places, Chinatown is not far, and we used the buses, cable cars and streetcars to go further afield. I had added San Francisco to our trip after deciding against Hawaii and it went from being our third choice city to first place. I definitely left my heart in San Francisco and can't wait to go back. And we will be very disappointed if we don't get a room at the Chancellor.

Good location but decor needs updating Myself and my partner have just returned from a two night stay in this hotel. The location is definitely the highlight of this hotel. I requested a room with a front facing view and thats what I got. I was slightly disappointed with the size and decor of the room compared to other Sofitels I've stayed in. We got a free drinks voucher which was a nice touch and they also left a little teddy on the bed. The staff were friendly albeit a sarcastic man at reception who made a bit of a song and dance over our reservation.Overall this was a nice hotel but not really in 4 star league imo. I would recommend staying if you get a good value rate as the location is excellent.

Great Hotel The Avenue Hotel was a great bargain for the money. We stayed there in September 2004 and were quite pleased with the hotel. We read the reviews on it in Trip Advisor and based our choice on them. The hotel was well located, clean, nicely furnished, and the breakfast was terrific. The staff was more than helpful. I'd stay there again.

Loved Bavaro Princess! After reading some of the negative reviews I have a hard time believing that we were at the same resort! We had a fantastic time! We had no problem with check in. Our room, 271, was in a great location and our AC worked so well! The restaurants were good, not great but there was always something to eat. We loved the banana smoothies at breakfast and the mango in the main buffet in the Lobby. When we spoke to Antonio, Henry, or Miguel they always found mango for us, any time of day! They were awesome and really worked so hard. The only thing we were disappointed about was that there was no avocado. Not a big deal just thought I'd mention it. My 2 kids, 8 and 10, are picky eaters and always found something to eat! The beach was beautiful and as previously stated, huge! My husband and son enjoyed the free use of the catamaran and wished they had discovered them sooner. The pool was great and met a lot of nice people there! But the animation team was fantastic! They work so hard and are so much fun! My kids especially loved Cesar! He is very funny! My kids LOVED the mini disco in the evening before the show! We stayed for the shows everynight and no they are not broadway shows but they are entertaining! Every night they have a segment with audience participation and it is really funny. My husband had fun taking part in the show. We really had such a nice relaxing vacation and I would love to return next year! And we saw NO BUGS! Please feel free to contact me with any questions!

Excellent Service/Rooms Need Some Fixing We recently got back from our stay at the Magic Castle and when we first arrived we were greeted with sparkling lemonade. When my husband first entered the room he was less than impressed, especially\ with the bathroom. There were numerous cracks and spots of peeling paint. The toilet also had trouble flushing and the shower did not drain properly. I notified the front desk and they said someone would come and fix it, well not one ever fixed it. Instead they gave us money off each night of our stay. We also found it handy that they give you free snacks like candy bars, cookies, and chips. The breakfast was alright, many of the pastries were dry. The Magic Castle is in a nice location in Hollywood, but I became concerned when I saw homeless people sleeping directly across the street from the hotel. Overall I'd say the service is the best thing the hotel has going for it.

Loved it! The hotel at night

Good location and lovely rooms We only had one night sadly, but our room was lovely and the hotel was surprising easy to find. Even though we arrived at 11pm, we were offered a welcome drink, which sadly we had to decline as we were in a hurry to go out and have dinner. The location is good - about a 10 minute walk from the Born area and close to the Ramblas etc. Good shopping nearby if you like that sort of thing - including a large zara.Only thing not so good was the lack of breakfast. Confusingly, there was a menu in our room mentioning a terrace and breakfast, but when we left the next morning and asked at reception (I think it was a maid on duty) she just said 'no breakfast'. So we found a hotel cafe nearby. Was a shame to leave on a bit of a downer like that so for that reason I'm not giving it 5 marks.

Nice hotel but location not so great The Mandarin is a great hotel but the location does let it down. Whilst for business guests I guess this is not so much of a problem, but for tourists who have a few days, I would not recommend this place so much unless they got to grips pretty quickly with the transport options.Hotel itself, cannot fault. We didn't get any Molton Brown toiletries that I read of in one review - maybe this is just for Club guests? Incidentally the hotel tried very hard to flog this option to us - it just didn't seem to make economic sense. The breakfast was wonderful but we found the restaurant prices obscenely expensive. Made the mistake of eating at Mortons one night (we'd left it very late to eat, our feet hurt too much to go out and it was the only place that would take us at 1030pm at night in the hotel) and I was shocked by the rip-off prices. S$ 20 for a Martini, when you can get a fabulous one with views to boot at New Asia Bar at the Swisshotel for S$12? S$35 for one tiny crab cake? I refused on principle to order a main course as I felt that to charge those sort of prices for something that would cost a quarter of the price outside was taking the michael. Service was annoyingly American, with waiters wanting to 'present' the menu to us instead of just letting us read the menu! Next thing they will be giving a slideshow. Plus they never let us alone for a minute. Not the place for a romantic dinner.The concierge was not well informed on bus routes - I guess he is more used to helping business guests and hailing cabs. We wanted a bus to the Orchid Gardens and was told that there was only 1 bus that didn't quite go as far - not true. Luckily the bus driver helped out and put us right. There's a bus that takes you right there BTW.This leads me to the location. Not great for tourists. Whilst you can walk, in the sapping heat that's not always an option. City Hall MTR is about 10 mins away and not much use if you want to go to Chinatown or the Quays as this involves a nightmare change at Doby Ghaut. My recommendation is to go across the road and get a bus from Esplanade Mall. The bus maps are easy to work out, they are cheap, and air conditioned! First 2 days we used taxi, then graduated to MTR, but finally worked out the buses were the best way to go. There are loads of buses that go direct to Orchard Road.Next time we visit Singapore, we'd choose the Fullerton. Great hotel in a very central location.Don't bother going to Raffles for the Singapore Sling - what a disappointment and waste of money! DO visit the Swisshotel on Stamford Road and head to New Asia Bar for great cocktails at sunset. We enjoyed Clarke Quay area very much at night, and had the most wonderful brunch at Marmalade Pantry in the Palace Renaissance mall on Orchard Road. Shops don't open until around 1030/11am, so it's great to go there for a late breakfast before the shops open.

From Hero to Zero ... terrible experience on my second visit. Never again! Having stayed here previously, and rated it a 5 out of 5, I was looking forward to my second visit. Unfortunately it was a disaster and I checked out this morning feeling angry, tired and ripped off. I have tried to be proactive by attempting via Hotels Catalonia's 'Contact Us' section of their website, to complain, but quel surprise it does not want to accept my message.I checked out of the Catalonia Avinyo this morning at 9am. The bill was some Euros 394 and I had a Euro 500 note which I wanted to pay the bill in cash with. The girl on duty said she only had 50 Euros in change and refused to get change from elsewhere to help me. I did not want to use my credit card, incurring extra FX and commission charges, when I had the cash. She claimed the barman had no money either - I do not believe this as I was kept awake by the noise from the bar. I cannot seriously believe that a hotel chain of their size would not keep an adequate sum of cash in the till. We reached a stalemate as she refused to contact anyone to help get change (when I asked to speak to the manager, she said she was on duty and therefore was the manager). She refused to deduct a small amount of Euros (I asked for a discount of 4 Euros) from my bill to compensation for the FX charges I would incur paying by Amex. She suggested I go out into the street and look for change! Knowing full well that banks were closed. I had to get a cab to the airport so unfortunately had to pay by credit card. I left feeling disgusted.I find it hard to believe this hotel would only have 50 Euros available in cash onsite, including bar takings. Is this a con to force us to use credit cards? So my first warning to travellers is to make sure if you pay in cash, you have the right change!The above changed my rating from the 3 stars I had planned to give, to 1 star (ideally I would give none).The room this time was awful. Room 101 (literally). The first floor is actually a mezzanine, so opens down below to the lobby and bar area. This means it's very noisy. There was no window, just a window that gave on to the corridor. Pointless, as to ensure privacy you had to pull those curtains to stop passers by looking in. For Euros 150 it was not worth it. The noise from the bar kept me awake most nights until around 1am. This morning however, I was woken at 430am this morning by loud talking, followed by screaming and shouting from the reception area. This continued until 6am. I was too frightened to go down and investigate/complain as the shouts were very threatening. When I raised this issue on checking out, the duty manager stated it was noisy people outside the hotel. I do not believe this as I clearly heard them in the reception area taking cans from the vending machine and in any case, should the external doors not have been be closed at that hour of the morning, to ensure the security of guests? Finally, 2 Euros for minibar - not used - was added to my bill and in my distress this morning (lack of sleep plus the discussion about the change) I did not spot this until I had left.This was my 2nd visit to the Avinyo, and my last. The location is great, but there are lots of hostels and pensiones in the same area that I am sure could offer a clean room at half the price.If you do stay here, avoid rooms on the 1st floor as there is no protection from the noise, both from the bar and lobby, and any users of the internet. Room 101 is actually the room closest to the outside area, so that in particular should be avoided.

Superb location, smallish rooms but can't ask for more This misses out on full stars because our room/floor felt very smoky. From what I understand, you are asked to not smoke in bed but this doesn't mean you can't smoke, so try and ask for a n/s floor.That apart, the location cannot be faulted. Less than 5 mins walk from the west exit of Shinjuku and just across the road from Kabuchiko.Rooms were compact (hard work getting 2 suitcases in) but as always clean and comfortable. A good choice for Tokyo.

Great hotel to have a good night sleep We slept at this hotel just before we went home. We had to fly for almost 24 hours, so we needed a good night sleep and that's what we got. The room was very clean and the beds were great. It only was a shame breakfast started to late for us, because we had to catch an early flight. If I ever come back, I'll for sure stay at this hotel again!

Wonderfull stay My husband and I just came from a wonderful experience with this hotel. We told the hotel in advance that we were celebrating our 16th wedding anniversary and we were greeted with an upgrade and a bottle of wine congratulating us on our anniversary. The hotel is a little old but our room was very comfortable. The staff was so friendly and could not have been more helpful. We only stayed one night but wish we could have stayed longer. We will definitely be back.

Art at The Grand For the past five years we have treated ourselves to a 3 night stay at The Grand. We don't have much to add to the previous very positive comments except: If you are interested in C20 Art ask to see the Marriage Chamber, which is absolutely stunning. There is also an original painting in the entrance to the Roux Restaurant (by the CoBrA school)Staff as friendly and helpful as ever, lovely room but we felt that there had been some cost cutting since last time (Summer 2005):1.The changing rooms at the swimming pool used to have slippers for pool side; individual bottles of toiletries etc now there are just dispensers.2. The restaurant used to make a feature of the fixed price menu, now it is almost hidden away on the main menu and only 2 choices per course (3 courses) at 38 euros - not such good value. This may sound petty but it is a 5* hotel charging 5* prices and, unless you get a very good deal on the breakfast - go elsewhere, it's not worth 28euros!

Miami Int'l Airport hotel Our flight into Miami was very late on 3/17, we had reservations at the Miami Int'l Airport Hotel. Check in was very quick (it was 2:00 am). The room was nicely decorated, but was very small. With two large suitcases and one carry on, we basically had to climb over them to get to the bathroom. There was also a running water noise all night long. When we opened the wooden shutters, the view was of the top of the buildings air conditioners. Check out was very quick, and easy to catch a cab. It was about a $24.00 taxi ride to the Port of Miami.This hotel is OK for a short layover, but for $157.00 I really expected a little more room. And the fact that some of the rooms had padlocks on the outside of the doors made it kind of creepy. I was wondering what I had gotten us into! They did have a security guard sitting in the hallway which also made me wonder...

Hyatt Regency Miami We stayed at Hyatt on 3/25 after a cruise on Carnival Valor. We had stayed here last year as well. Taxi fare from the Port of Miami to the Hyatt was about $27.00. We had early check in with no problem. We were in room 2230 which had a bay view. The first thing we noticed was there were no chairs on the balcony like last year. The sliding door was also stuck and we couldn't open it. We called the front desk to request both chairs for the balcony and for the door to be fixed, they sent some one up within an hour to fix the door. I also asked this person about the chairs. We spent the afternoon over at Bayside Marketplace, came back several hours later and still no chairs! There was also no ice bucket liner (there was a hair inside the bucket), and no ashtray (in a smoking room). I went to the front desk in person this time to ask for chairs, a liner and ashtry. In about 30 minutes the liner and ashtray arrived, and the guy said he was going to go get some chairs for the balcony. Well, we checked out at 6:00 am for our flight and we still hadn't received any chairs for the balcony, and the person at the front desk didn't bother to ask how our stay was. Luckily I had reserved this room at a discounted rate through Working Advantage for $135.00, but was still disappointed in the lack of service in comparison to last year. The room rate listed on the door was $559! They've got to be kidding!Don't get me wrong, the hotel is not horrible by any means, but I'm not so sure I will stay at the Hyatt on our future trips to Miami. They have put up three new condo's or hotels nearby since the last time I was there that you don't have a great view of the bay any more. And chairs for the balcony seem hard to come by ;)

Hyatt - Miami My daughter and I stayed at the Hyatt for one night before our cruise, we chose the location because it is very close to the cruise port (about $12.00 taxi ride). The hotel was very clean, with plenty of room. Ice and soda machines in the hallway. The pool is small but was nice and clean. This hotel is in the financial district, there are no stores / restaurants close by, lots of traffic since there is a convention center attached to the building. The hotel food was way too expensive for our budget (pancakes $14.00, orange juice $4.00, bacon and eggs $22.00). We got a reduced rate on the room (rack rate was $339.) through Working Advantage for $135.We would stay at this hotel again, but would have lunch before getting there and bring breakfast items for the next morning ;) I'm sure it would be perfect for the business traveler with an expense account.

Good Location The stunning fountains

stay here only for value and location, not looks or luxury Let's face it: Hawaii is expensive. With all the major hotels being in the several hundred $$$ per night, Waikiki Wave is only slightly over $100. However, despite the boutique hotel logo and website appearance and a renovation (which i would just call slight remodeling), the rooms/facilities not cool or hip, and are nothing more than a 3 star standard---only it benefits from a great location (in the heart of Waikiki, you can't get better than this), and a smiling staff.The rooms are spacious (2 queen size beds) but the decor is pretty pathetic. maroon printed carpeting, furniture that shows wear, dark bathroom, etc. The room is clean enough, but not 5-star pristine. Bathroom has yellow lighting, is cramped, and feels claustrophobic. Mirrors have some fingerprints if you look carefully. The one bonus is that the linens are extremely clean and there is no gross puffy bedspread that you fear will never be washed---instead there is a waffle weave blanket sandwiched between 2 flat sheets --- brilliant. There is NOTHING romantic about this room. I would not recommend this for couples looking for a fantasy getaway b/c you will be disappointed upon seeing this room. Instead, splurge the extra $$$ and go to the Halekulani Hotel which is just breathtaking.I would recommend this place to groups of budget-conscious friends (not couples) looking for an inexpensive place to stay---a clean bed and a place to crash. You cannot beat this location as it is close to everything--as i said, it's in the heart of this area and everything is within walking distance--shops, the beach, other hotels, etc.No need to visit the pathetic pool which is *shudder* out by the parking garage. it is a sad, wading-pool-like small triangle of water that hasn't been skimmed in weeks. The gym was being renovated at the time so the staff gave me access to a 24-hour fitness (which faces Waikiki beach), only a 10 minute walk from the Waikiki Wave. Staff is typical Hawaiian, accommodating and nice, pretty good service, no attitude.If looking for a nice beach restaurant, i recommend the Hula Grill which is above Duke's Restaurant. This restaurant overlooks the beach from the 2nd floor and at night is quite romantic. PROS:-budget friendly-awesome location: close to beach, food, shops, etc.-clean beds and linens-nice staffCONS-rest of the room is um...motel-ish but not overly gross-not romantic for a vacation getaway-feels cheap

Shameful, shady bribery racket going on despite wonderful rooms Despite a dreamy, marshmallow bed and room that meets all standards (you get what you pay for, this property aint' cheap!), I was truly disappointed with the shady operation that is blatantly going on with the employees that work there, and i want to bring this to your attention. Outside the hotel there is a taxi line for the airport. The valets will let you bypass the line and immediately you a taxi if you slip him $5 or $10. If you don't give him anything, he'll tell you to wait in line (which takes a long time). If this doesn't seem so bad yet, wait --- the TAXI DRIVER then has to surreptiously slip him $10 for the privilege of getting the long airport ride! These valets are raking in a cool $15-$20 per taxi customer, and given the high activity level of this Marriott, these guys are raking in $$$ per hour at while taking advantage of the customers and taxi drivers, all off the books.My colleague and I carefully watched this all unfold while we were outside: Valet in top hat greeting a customer, see him get a bill, and the valet pretends that this tipping customer has a reservation. A taxi will pull up, and the valet will say what's your name again? in front of all the poor people waiting in line, and then lead the customer into the taxi. The Valet leans into the Taxi driver's window to give directions and slyly gets his take. When we got in the taxi, the driver admitted that he paid the valet. We asked him why, and he said he had no choice. if I don't pay, they'll get the next taxi to pay up. We need the money and the long ride to the airport is important to our salary. The cops know about this bribery racket but haven't done anything about it. He also added that sometimes the price is $15 to get an airport ride.Now you may shrug at all this, but what does this have to do with your stay? Not much, maybe. But it says a lot about how this Marriott treats customers after they exit the property, after paying $350+ a night to stay there. It leaves a bad taste in my mouth.

Great Experience At the Hilton I have just returned from a trip to New York where we stayed at the Hilton Times Square Hotel for 5 nights. I cannot fault the hotel in anyway, from the moment we arrived we were welcomed by a very pleasent door man. We took the lift to the reception on the 20th floor, where we checked in. The staff on the desk were very polite and upgraded us to a king room on the 41st floor with views of the Empire State building which was excellent.The room itself was clean and comfortable with a plasma tv and loads of space. The location was perfect as we were close to all the things we wanted to visit and see. Just off Times Square where we were able to pick up the Grayline tour bus for the Downtown loop, the port Authority was half a block away, which was handy when we arrived back from Woodbury Common weighed down with bags. Macy's and Central Park where only 5/10 mins walk away as was 5th avenue and just to the left of the 42nd street entrance there was a subway station that connected with most parts of the city conveniently.I will definately stay at this hotel on my next trip to New York as we had a great experience here. And I would highly recommend it to anyone who wanted a central good standard hotel.

Brilliant hotel! My husband and I stayed here for 3 nights over the Christmas period and had an excellent stay. We originally booked on the strength of the previous reviews and the very reasonable price we got (including parking), not to mention the great location a stone's throw from Union Square, the trolley stop and loads of shopping. We were not disappointed.The hotel itself is attractive, clean and recently renovated. Our room was on the small side, but this wasn't a problem - it was well appointed and had a very comfortable bed. The staff were extremely friendly and helpful and the little bar in the lobby was great to grab a quick night cap after a long day out! The free popcorn and freshly baked cookies were also a nice touch.All in all, a gem of a hotel and definitely recommended.

great staff bad management !!! We would really have loved our stay at Uma would it not be for such a lack of understanding. Let me explain, we stayed 4 nights and upon arrival we stated that we wanted to see a traditional ladies dance and gamelan music, a Kecak trance danse, and if possible a ceremony. Everybody was all smiles and all yes yes, so we booked a car to go and see the Kecak trance danse, when we got there it was all dark and we met closed doors, the driver called the hotel to be told it was closed because there was a ceremony at Monkey Forest. So not only did we miss out on the Kecak danse but we also miss out on the ceremony !!! The front desk is hopeless, the people are nice, they smile to you but it is not enough. In the questionnaire we received there were questions about the front desk, the concierge, etc, all this is totally inexistant as is the managing director, we never ever saw his face. The food was very good indeed and so was the spa but as travelers we would also like to see the outside world and I am afraid to say that we did not receive the informations we wanted.

Overall nice resort... I went with my just the two of us for a relaxing vacation. Over all this resort was very nice. The grounds were kept very beautiful. The beach was well kept, although with some seaweed in the way. **The main issue we had was the time-share agents. I think they were being paid on commission; they simply would not leave us alone. This one guy would show up everywhere we went in the resort. Even the beach!! We found this to be the main issue, because we came there with the intentions of relaxation and unwinding from the stresses of NYC. I even had to call the guy a stalker because I felt he was. We tried to be nice at first and explain that we were not interested in buying or looking at the time-share properties. They made it seem like it was a necessity to set up this appointment to see it. Anyway, the resort restaurants where very good. The seafood dinner happened to be our favorite. We did find a restaurant called the Los Dos, which wasn't listed as a dinner restaurant. It is for couples only, a very nice outside area, close to the Dominican restaurant. They had a very good Lobster appetizer. The buffets were pretty good, variety. Lots of flies so I became picky about what I chose, they should have more nets or covers over the food because of this problem. I tried to get things as they were placing them out, to ensure the food was ok to eat. The set up with the three trains was a cute and good idea, however a couple of times we had to walk to our destination because of the trains breaking down. Hint sit in the back because of the smell of the train, really bad! Cute Flintstones characters, I got a pic with Fred! Cute for the kids. They staff was generally friendly and tried their best to speak English for us. The room was well kept, very pretty. You may want to bring your own pillow, the offer very little pillows for a king sized bed!We would go back to this resort, as long as the price was good, but it is not our first choice. We have been to D.R. once before, and the beaches are always nice and the grounds are always very well kept. They keep lots of landscapes and natural trees, which is nice for a resort.Contact me if you want pics or info. Thanks.

Never go back (My Fiance I stayed for 5 nights) They did not have our reservations, we had to buy a calling card, ended up not being able to use this card (only can use the cards in your room, not on the pay phones), used our credit card to call our travel agent to clear this matter up. Finally we got our room.The customer service was awful with this woman, and most of the other workers. I have never met a receptionist at a resort, that care about there guests. She obviously did not care if we stayed or left. Once getting to the room we noticed some problems with it. The remote for the TV was broken and two lights were out. We made many phone calls to fix these problems. We called three days in a row and kind of gave up. Each time they said they would come right away. They even had a card that hung on the door, for anything that needed repairs. We were to check off the problems and hang it on the outside of the door. That sign remained on our door all five nights we were there. They never came, and never fixed the problem. On the night before we left our building only, had lost all power from about 9:00pm-6:00am. So that night we could not leave our room because we had to use electronic keys and would be locked out, as well as being very hot in our room with no air conditioner. Finally on the day of check out, check out was noon, so we were there at 11:45 to check out and get a taxi to the airport. There were two people ahead of us. We waited in line until at least 12:30 to finally get waited on. I have never been anywhere that check out took at least 45 minutes. We simply get out of that resort fast enough. I ended up getting bites all over my legs, I thought it was mosquito bites, but later found it was more like bed bugs!! Gross, how dirty. Please protect yourself and do not stay here. We will not stay at the Barcelo ever again, and will not be back to D.R. any time soon!

Should have saved this for last! We stayed at this hotel for 2 nights as part of a guided tour through northern France and this was our favorite hotel by far! It's in a great part of town, away from the busiest parts of town but accessible to the Metro and cool, less busy things to do. The room was so comfortable with fabulous down comforters and overall was a great place to rest our heads for a couple nights. I wish all of the hotels on the tour were this great. I recommend this hotel with no hesitation!!

Perfect Location We chose this from a list of conference hotels for its perfect location in the French Quarter. We found it good value for money and it has a bit of old world fading grandeur about it which is attractive in the splendid lobby but less welcome in the smallish slightly worn rooms and tiny bathroom. The minibar was poorly stocked (or maybe not to our taste). Inroom internet charges are ludicrously high--why do hotels charge for a service which costs them so little? But service was good, always friendly and the two concierges, Eva and Cleatter (yes that's how it was spelt; it's a Creole family name)were superbly helpful. Rooms were made up after lunch, too late in our view and there is no turn-down service or refreshing of towels. If you want your sheets changed you have to leave a card requesting it--with the usual 'spiel' that they're trying to be green: maybe, but it feels like they are trying to be cheap. Everyone raves about New Orleans cooking; we found it good if rich but a bit 'samey' in the well known spots. The Hunt Room in the Monteleone provides competent cooking in the genre. There are more atmospheric places. And if your head isn't spinning before a cocktail in the Carousel Bar it certainly will be afterwards, if only because your seat revolves around the bartender, but it's a popular spot and a bit of fun in this Grande Dame of a hotel. Overall we'd recommend and go back.

The perfect place for us My son and I stayed at the Grand Francais in March of this year (2007) and it turned out to be the absolutely perfect choice for us. We had a corner room on the first floor with three French balcony windows, very bright, it was small, but clean and completely sufficient for our needs. The staff, and particularly the hotel manager, were friendly, upbeat, helpful and happily for my sad French levels, spoke English very well. The area of Paris the Grand Francais is located in may not be right at the centre of all the tourist action, but that's one of the things that's nice about it. We did all our sightseeing downtown during the day, then came home to a very lovely residential area in the evenings. Still well within the city, but quieter, and very easily accessible to everywhere by Paris's amazing Metro system. If I'm ever lucky enough to return to Paris, this is where I'll definitely stay again. Thank you, Grand Francais!

What a lovely hotel! More photos

Great Hotel! I have stayed at the Midtwon with a friend for a two night stay and I was very satisfied with my choice. The room we stayed in was very spacious, with two large queen beds, a big TV, a nice dresser with a big mirror, a table with two chairs and a big wardrobe. The bathroom was good enough:pretty small with a bathtub but very very clean and with loads of fresh towels everyday. In the room we also found a long list of restaurants from where we could order in. The staff at the Midtown was friendly enough and very helpful. One of our suitcases got lost at the airport and the guy at the reception desk offered many times to call British Airways to help us locate it, and when it finally arrived at the hotel they brought it directly to our room. The location of the Midtown is very good, it's just in front of the Scientist Church (which I think is beautiful!) and a few steps from Prudential Center, where there are many shops and restaurants (Top of the Hub...very posh!). There are two T stops (subway) really only a couple of minutes away (even though I have to say that the trains are not many and that we pretty always waited a few good minutes to get on one!). The Museum of Fine Arts is within walking distance (10 minutes tops!) and so is Copley Square. Although the actual city centre (around Fenueil Hall) is quite distant if you're walking from the Midtown, it's only about 3 or 4 T stops away, and even if you have to wait a little for the train to arrive it never takes more than 20 minutes!I will defintely stay there again next time I'll visit Boston!

Great Style, Comfort, Location The room was great (we needed one with two beds and it was not cramped at all! Yeah!), the staff was great, and the location is excellent! The bar was small but very chic in decor, as were all common areas and our room. Definitely NOT the stereotypical colonial Boston look, but very modern, yet always comfortable feeling. The friendly desk staff offered us umbrellas one night when it looked like rain, was always ready with restaurant suggestions and directions, and the housekeeping staff was very quick with extra mugs, coffee, towels. The city was in the middle of a record breaking heat/humid spell when we were there, but the hotel's air-conditioning was always up to the task, and easily adjustable in our room. Black-out shade at the window was welcome and mattresses were so comfortable. Have stayed at Lenox and Park Plaza and this was so much nicer. Definitely hope I get to Boston and this hotel again!

loved EdenH edited review- Just returned on May 4th, we were there from April27th to May4th. This is about our 10th trip to Punta Cana. YES, we were very concerned about the previous reviews, Big Time. Yeah we got a good deal, so we went for the Paradise Club and hopefully in six months we can get the same deal - we will go back!Beach chairs - not any problems - they must have received the shipment.Just a note - we are not in our younger years (we both work full time, every day) and have a different agenda than a younger traveller (we used to be one). But just so you know, on our trip into the hotel we were with a young honeymoon couple that just loved it and had a great time!Problems with ala carte restaurant? - none- however we do not eat at 5:30 or 6:30, even at home we usually eat at 7:30 or 8:00, in fact I just cleaned up from our diner and it:s 9:35. Ala carte restaurants were perfect for us; first we didn't go until 8:30 or 9:00 and waited, at the most 15 or 20 minutes. No you are not in a smoke infested restaurant. I smoke, my husband doesn't, never has and in the ala carte restaurants there is no smoking. In the buffet they have a section for those nasty people.ALL of the staff spoke more English than any of the other resorts we have been to and worked extremely hard. They were more than happy to acommadate you and were very friendly.We enjoyed the casino, it's only $5 at the black jack tables and they serve drinks. The poor serve has to go outside to another building to fill her orders, they should have a service bar in the casino. We played every night, in fact closed it some nights. In the end my husband won a couple of hundred and I lost $55 - horrors!Our room was in building 1 and our room was 1272, second floor, with view of ocean and in front of pool. We were very near the beach, which is near the restaurant on the beach. You can sit and have a drink and eat, enjoy the scenery or be at the beach and come and eat :something. I can truthfully say that the food there was just okay, not great and the same all the time, but, hey, the surroundings were awesome and serene.The buffet has a different theme every night and just so you know - you will not starve.We did have one mosquito in our room at check-in and I made that little sucker disappear real quick. After about our 3rd day a can of bug spray appeared in our room, maybe we got someone else's, so I did spray the balcony, as not to waste it.They have a beach party on Saturday nights and boy-o-boy do they try

Great location for aquarium My daughter and I had the Hilton FAMILY PACKAGE which was a real deal! We got tickets to the aquarium, breakfast buffet, an in-room movie, snack bags of popcorn and little soda bottles. It also comes with a Discovery Kids backpack filled with a digicam and other little things. We had a great time!The walk to the aquarium and whale watching is super easy and then also a quick hop to Quincy Market. This hotel is excellently located for that part of town. (A cab to Copley Plaza was $8)Our corner room (1216) was a suite with living room, dining table with 4 chairs plus a king bedroom. We had some very nice harbor and surrounding views. The bed was plush and comfortable with lots of pillows. The bathroom was marble and excellent. I am now a big fan of the Crabtree and Evelyn La Source products that the hotel provided.We had room service for dinner and the table was perfect for that purpose. The margarita pizza was very tasty and the kid's pasta was hearty. The room has a wet bar which we didn't use.The breakfast buffet at Caliterra was perfect....lots of choices both healthy and decadent.I followed a GREAT tip from another tripadvisor post and parked around the corner at ONE and TWO INTERNATIONAL PLACE for $7 on the weekends. I was in at noon and out at 3pm the next day for $7.00. This was a huge savings and literally is a few minutes walk to the hotel.My only complaint is that the ventilation does let smoke smells come through. It was awful at times.

Good, but not amazing. We chose the Westin Times Square specifically based on the good reviews here at Trip Advisor. We stayed for 2 nights in a Club level room (1424) which was a larger corner room. It does not have amazing views being relatively low on the 14th floor. As for city noises, it was quiet enough. We heard sirens every now and then but not regular traffic noise. The Club lounge (on 8th floor) is not extraordinary.......it offers a continental breakfast (only warm item was oatmeal) and then an evening hors d'oeuvres offering, which was much better. Free teas, coffees and soft drinks are available all day long. The location of the hotel is excellent........it really is in the thick of it, and maybe even too much for our tastes. Times Square was crazy crowded even just to cross through to get to other midtown locations. There are lots of dining choices, movie theatres and subway stations just out the hotel doors. We normally would stay at the Rihga but it is now The London and not family friendly any longer. We had 2 kids and this room had plenty of roll-around floor space for them. Each window had a window seat for looking out and they liked that. There is also one club chair and one desk chair. We ordered dinner room service and used the beds for seating purposes.Hotel parking = $45 per day......the steepest we have ever paid in NYC.My only real complaint is that the bathroom door is glass and anytime someone turned on the light during the night or early morning, the room was lit up as a result. I called for a night light but there were none. A night light would easily fix the problem. The double roller blinds do an excellent job of making the room dark.Enjoy your stay.

nice hotel We stayed for 2 nights as an extended family and had 2 rooms, on the 41st and 43rd floors. The rooms were nice, very large, although our agent had not requested non-smoking rooms and the 43rd floor was a little smokey (but my husband couldn't tell!). The pool is lovely, and there is a good choice of restaurants. We had breakfast in the hotel, which was very nice, and we ate in the asian restaurant there too, which was excellent. The hotel was incredibly busy when we were there (it was a national holiday), so the lifts were a nightmare - twice we took the stairs to the 39th floor and took the separate lift there after waiting for ages. However, in spite of this they sat us down at breakfast very quickly. The concierge staff were excellent, very helpful, and there was nothing wrong with reception either. We would stay there again definitely, and the location is perfect.

Perfect Location We stayed in a family room on the royal floor, which was perfect for 4 of us. The room was lovely, and very clean. Incidentally, no security problems as there was a safe in the room which we used at all times. The breakfast was not very good - only used for convenience! Not cheap, but not many places with family rooms in Barcelona.

lovely hotel We stayed in this hotel for 4 nights in August. We had no problems with the elevators at all - even though work was supposedly going on. We had paid extra for an opera house view - the weather wasn't great, so on balance I didn't think this worth the extra money. The rooms are great, and the breakfast was very nice! The hotel bar was fine - although it closed at 11pm which was a little strange (although it is in the lobby, so you can still sit there). The best thing about the hotel is it's location - you can walk to the opera house, the Rocks and lots of restaurants in about 5 minutes. Also the ferries, trains and buses are only 2 minutes away as well.

great hotel The best things about this hotel are the location, the view and the rooms! All are perfect. We didn't eat in the hotel, but had a cheap and cheerful breakfast in a diner a few doors down. The rooms were well equipped and quiet, and the views from the 39th floor really good. The service was very good. The best thing is the location, walking distance to everywhere.

We loved it! We just returned from a fabulous week at the Royal Hawaiian. I wanted the hawaiian experience with all the fun stuff of Waikiki beach and that was exactly what we got.First of all, we booked the least expensive room (garden room) and they put us on the fourth floor of the original building overlooking the pool and beach...fabulous views. The room was good sized with huge ceilings and average bath, walk in closet, gorgeous floral wallpaper and king sized comfy bed. Like being in a bed and breakfast,. The gardens of the hotel were serene and relaxing to return to after spending the day shopping (minutes away) or on the beach. Lets face it, there are crowds at Waikiki beach and on the street, and the Hotel and its gardens were perfect after all the crazy people.Mai Tai bar was fun, we ate there at least five times. The actual beach and water was to die for, definately the best on Waikiki. My husband surfed right off the shore and had a great time.We also ate at Dukes and Chucks right next door and both experiences were great.I am not sure what all the complaining about this place is, because we were there during the Don Ho memorial (20,000 people on the beach) and still had a fabulous time at the Royal Hawaiian Hotel...and definately will be back!

Great Hotel. No problem with the neighbourhood We had a small room in the centre of the building but this was very quiet. After flying into Girona we got the bus into Barcelona the hotel was easy to find. It was very late at night but we didn't feel intimidated 'though we walked past a few very 'interesting' night clubs bars.The rooms at the hotel were spotlessly clean. Complimentary soap, shower/bath gel toothbrushes were replenished on a daily basis.The reception bar staff were extremely helpful the breakfasts were more than we needed to keep us going through long sightseeing days. We ate in the restaurant bar both were excellent value for money.If we go back to Barcelona we will go back in December for the Christmas Market outside the Cathedral the street entertainment.

Great finding! I stayed in the MSH for two nights, and I really enjoyed it. My room was huge, with a big window, lots of light. Although it is not in the city center, the location is perfect, because you can walk everywhere. To give you an idea, the Van Gogh museum is just two blocks away, the fashion district 300 metres. The breakfast is abundant, and there is a supermarket in the Museumplein and several restaurants and take aways in the neighbourhood.

great resort My husband and I just came back from 8 days at the Majestic Colonial. We went there to celebrate our 45th wedding anniversary. Everything was great. The service was unbelievable especially in the restaurants. The staff was constantly clearing off the table and refilling the wine glasses. Everyone was very polite too.The food was very good and I am a very fussy eater. We ate in the breakfast buffet, the Italian buffet. the steakhouse and the seafood restaurantOur room was on the first floor facing the pool. It was roomy and had all the amenities you would expect. The bathrooms are not totally private but it didn't matter to us.The pool is so large that you have no problem finding a lounge.and plenty of room to swim without bumping into people. The beach also had enough lounges.We went on the ATV tour which we both enjoyed.I would highly recommend this hotel.

lovely hotel Just returned from a 10 day stay at the Bali Hyatt. We've had a wonderful stay there. The rooms are a little dated, but are still very comfortabel and clean. Our balcony had a great view over the hotel garden, which is magnificent. Breakfast is very good. The level of service is excellent and everyone is so friendly. I miss the Bali Hyatt already and would return in a heartbeat.Anouk

great place We had booked for a beach room, which was a bit of a dissapointment. Very dark and with a bathroom that was not that clean. So we upgraded to a clubroom. This room was absolutely perfect and we highly recommened it to everyone. A great bed, perfect bathroom and a very nice terrace. Another plus was the beautiful clubpool. Overall this is a very nice hotel. Good breakfast, nice pools and a nice garden. Sanur has a few good restaurants (we loved Ming and Donald's) and bars .

quite average Just returned from one week at the Legian Beach Hotel. Although we had a pleasant week, we'll probably never return to this hotel again. In Bali you can get much better value for the same (or even less) money. We had booked a superior cottage with a double bed, which in our opinion was awful. Because the room was situated in the middle part of the cottage it was very dark inside. The room was also very, very small and there was absolutely no privacy in the part of the hotelgarden we were in. We therefore decided to upgrade to a deluxe bungalow, which cost us 25 USD per night extra. Although the room was much more spacious and private (and very clean), it wasn't worth 25 dollar because of the fact that it was an exact copy of the superior cottage. No extra's at all, not in terms of amenities, nor in terms of service. The two pools are not very big, but quite pleasant. Breakfast was good. We had lunch in the hotel once (the pizzeria), and although the food was good, the service was very slow and not very friendly. There seems to be a lack of interest by many of the staffmembers, and that was what bothered me the most. We've been to Bali for 4 years in a row now, and stayed at many hotels, but have never encountered people who were unfriendly and not interested, until now. Better luck next time, but not at the Legian Beach Hotel.Anouk

very nice hotel The NBH is an excellent hotel in balinese style. We had a superior room, which was nice and spacious enough. It had a very good kingsize bed and a nice balcony. The pools are great and so is the garden. We loved the spa pool. It was very peaceful there and very quiet. Breakfast was excellent. Although the restaurants are a bit expensive, the food is great. Overall just a great place to stay!

Been there many times We visit San Francisco about 4 times a year and always stay at the Tuscan Inn. The rooms are sometimes small, but when you're in San Francisco, you don't spend much time in it. The service is always great and the rooms very clean. Stayed in a few other hotels, but nothing compares for the price and the convenience of being close to everything.

Great stay at London Bridge! Booked London Bridge because of rating and reviews on trip advisor. Got a great rate through gta hotels and it was worth every penny! Hotel has great location, a two minute walk (maybe less) to the tube and rail staion. Great for us, as we were wanting to get to different area's of London in the same day. Room was a little on the small side, but this was expected (from reviews on t.advisor), very modern, very clean and had all amenities, iron, hairdryer etc.Staff were really helpful and the breakfast was amazing! Plenty of choice and very fresh!On waiting to check in we took a walk around the area and found a fabulous food market round the corner, Southwalk Market (I think) which is just not to be missed! It was just perfect for a leisurely stroll around the amazing stalls and to sample some great food and sights!Oh, and if you want fish and chips later on, there's a chippy on the corner that's great and when you ask for loads of salt and vinegar they do it! Smashing!

Great hotel in good location We have just returned from 7 nights in this hotel and would happily recommend it. Our room was well equipped, very comfortable and clean. Not the usual bland hotel decor. We found staff were very friendly, efficient and helpful and we felt very welcome throughout the whole stay. Our room, on 5th floor, overlooked the square. The metro is handy for getting around and a 7 day travel card allowed us unlimited travel. Only downside was the many steps inside some metro stations, especially coming out of San Bernardo, nearest metro for the hotel. Anyone who cannot carry their case up thirty to forty steps to street level should take taxi from airport. We took taxi back at a cost of 23 euros, booked by the hotel. Buffet breakfast is wonderful. I am vegetarian, my husband is not, which can cause problems in some countries. However, we were both happy with restaurants in Madrid. The Restaurante Corregidor in Plaza Mayor is good and the waitress on the first night there told me about a vegetarian restaurant a short distance away. She also taught me how to say vegetarian properly in Spanish which was a huge help and was good at suggesting dishes which could be made vegetarian. We ended up eating in both several times. The Yerbabuena Restaurante, Calle Bordadores, near Plaza Mayor, serves wonderful vegetarian food, best I have ever had in a restaurant. They have menus with descriptions in English. Even my husband was keen to go there although he has warned me that it doesn't mean he is now vegetarian. You can also get falafel and salad further down Plaza Mayor but seating there is limited to a few stools. Be aware that when bread is brought to your table at the start of a meal, it is not included and a small charge is added to your bill. In Yerbabuena, the bread roll comes with delicious dips. There is also a good pizza restaurant in the square near the hotel.

Bit of a disappointment We stayed at this hotel for 2 nights previous to a timeshare exchange. We booked it as part of a flight package. With 4 different ResortQuest hotels in the area, it's important to know which one you're looking at when you research. I was looking at pics reviews of ResortQuest Waikiki, obviously in error.The location is wonderful, right across from the beach, and a block from the Pacific hotel, 2 blks from the Marriott, and not far from the zoo. The staff is helpful, and It's nice to have the complimentary breakfast (from 7:30-8:30..on the dot!), but that was the best part.Our tiny room faced a blank wall. The carpet was dirty, there was little water pressure on the cold water side, and a bad leak under the sink. The maintenance man said he'd have to shut all the water off to fix it...and said the whole hotel was due to be converted to condos in a month. That explained a lot about the condition of the place. It's destined for improvement, at last.

The Ritz-Carlton - Amazing! View from bedroom

April in Venice Taking the Vaporetto back to the hotel

Worst place I've stayed at. I've been to DR about 7 times and this was the worst place that I have stayed. And the highest price I've ever paid. Trip was mid-January. Arrival at hotel was after midnight and the only place open was the pizza place. After ordering burgers and sodas , we were presented with a bill for $22. Thought it was all-inclusive (there were some exceptions). So there is nowhere for late-nite snacks as part of A-I. The buffet food was mediocre and institutional. Margarine in the mashed potatoes? Yuk! Lines and waiting to get in at all 3 meals. The soups could have come out of a 5 gallon drum. Lots of pastas, chicken, fish with lots of bones. We were absolutely refused 2 room keys, were told that people lose them, and they could not even make an extra key. Rooms OK. Maintenence timely. Grounds well kept. Few bars, always lines to get a drink. Only 1 bar near beach, long walk, more lines. Shows pretty bad, not even funny. Very few engligh speaking staff. If it were offered again, I would place a value of $199. on this Package.

High in the Sky An interesting thing about the Conrad in Miami is that the lobby is on the 25th floor, and the concierge is on the ground lobby. Weird, I thought at first. But when you think about it, Miami is a high crime city, and I think by having you walk past the concierge and all the ground floor emplyees, and taking one of two elevators to the 25th floor, and then having to walk past the front desk and lounge to get to the only two elevators to get to the guest rooms; it is probably about security and quiet.The smallish bar on the lobby level was great, cool sophisticated and outdoor tables where you can look at the water while you have a cocktail. Great martinis.The continental breakfast in the restaurant was also very good. At lunch or dinner DO NOT order the Kobe hamburger. I have had real Kobe beef in Japan (which is why I ordered it) and this was not it. Maybe they meant Kobe like. It was also overpriced.The rooms was very nice, but a little smaller than I am accustomed to, but I guess it has to do with the high price of real estate in Miami. Hip modern decor, reminded me of the decor of the Beverly Hilton, but not nearly as fine, and the room is smaller. Good bedding with high count sheets, bathroom all granite and marble, very nice. I had a nice water view from (I think!) my room 1917.The exercise lockers were OK, not fabulous ,as was the pool. That whole area needs updating.The staff were very gracious and helpful. EXCEPT the concierge who was not dependable. I ordered a town car to take me back to the airport, and when I arrived downstairs at the appointment time, they were like who did you talk to? We don't know anything about this.Tip: free wifi, but ONLY in the lobby. They charge you for it in your room.Tip: ask for a waterview room, rather than a city view. Worth it.Tip: if you do anything with the concierge, write down his/her name and the date and time you talked so you won't have to be on the defensive if they do not deliver.

It was amazing! I've stayed in LHP twice, once last year and another time this year.. I can't start to say how much I love the place. I could live there forever..! I love the bathrooms!! The rooms are big and clean, compared to other hotels in HK that I've stayed in and the staff are really nice and helpful. It helps that the location is great too.. right next to the shopping mall and mong kok, where I can run out in the night to do a little bit more late night shopping. For a good hotel, the price is absolutely reasonable as well. The langham breakfast is scrumptious as well.. If you have the chance, you really should try it!

Definitely not 4* and really pushing 3* When we arrived our friends card key did not work and had no electricity due to this so they changed the room. The rooms were so HOT that although we live in Spain we found it unbearable and had to open the window and sleep all night everynight (four nights) like this even though it is November and the temperature outside was cold.. The noise was LOUD outside. We asked for the heating to be lowered but although they attempted it, it did not happen. Then we found our door didnot lock. We just pushed it and it opened! we spent ages each time we left the room trying to get it to stay shut - my husband went to the reception and the gentle man said 'this is Spain - things get broken ' my husband said 'could he arrange to have it repaired 'the reception said ' what was the point it would only be broken again!.The conversation went on in vain for at least another five minutes and never was repaired..Also the toilet syphon plunger didn't work we had to keep repairing it after use. Also the shower curtain rail came off the wall. Also the key to the mini bar lock wouldn't lock.Also the sink plug did not work so we had a dirty sink at all times. Also when the people upstairs had a shower - so did our bathroom and next doors! According to the concierge 'this is normal as it is Spain' We pointed out that we live in Spain and had never experienced this before in ten years of residence and he just smiled and shrugged. The bar was never open and a snack bar was not in existence - we could find no instructions as to the whereabouts of the breakfast room and just followed our noses. A dreadful experience all round not to be recommended.The only help we received was when we were leaving and an elderly gentleman on the desk assisted us with directions.

Perfect Location. Great Comfort. View of the bay

Classy Hotel in a Flashy Town Stayed at the Omni for 6 nights for a business trip. For someone who conducted all business activities inside the Omni for the entire week, I never got cabin fever. There is plenty to do: outdoor pool, bar, nice restaurants, gym, free wifi. The concierge know plenty about great things to do around the area so they can direct you should you leave the hotel. The rate was 110/night. Rooms are clean, with beautiful comforters, Institute Swiss toiletry, and flat screen tv. I was so pleased with the Omni that I booked a business trip just so I can stay at this place again.

Not great, but okay small room

Why I still Love Wydham Rio Ma? I love this hotel...some times i go there 3 or 4 times a year...personel are so friendly that you feel so welcome they receive yoy with this smile and I never had a problem..the rooms are great., pool i love the pool they have music and enterteinment..they are making some changes they dont have the casino open until oct 2007 they are making some changes for good..this hotel its perfect for honeymooners....

Still My favorite Why I love the Mariott..I love the condado area..the hotel its renew have everything its new..mini-Refrigerators...the personnel for me its outstanding they are very friendly..... .there always something to do at this hotel.....I love the Pool....I dont like the beach but if you Liike lots of waves this beach its for you....for me i was so happy to stay there again after 2yrs..

Think twice before booking at Caribe Hilton My husband and I stayed at the Caribe Hilton from 8/15/08 to 8/21/08 and we were very disappointed. I had called the hotel 5 days prior to arriving, just in case, to confirm our reservation and let them know we would be arriving late (11:00 pm) and to request one king size bed instead of two queen size beds. They confirmed us for a late arrival and one king size bed. So naturally, when we entered our room (right by the elevators) we found we had two double/full size beds. Not king size, and even smaller than queen size! So my husband headed downstairs, spoke to the manager on duty and was told there were no other rooms, but that the next day they should have rooms become available and we would be switched to another room. He also said to just leave all our bags packed the next morning and staff would move our suitcases to our new room. So that night we slept in kid-sized beds, as best we could with the constant noise of the elevator all night long! It literally sounded like a roller coaster! The room itself was seriously out dated and abused. We weren't expecting luxury here, just a certain standard of cleanliness and care in the room. Very disappointed. The next morning we headed out and, just in case, stopped at the front desk to remind someone about our room change. No one knew a thing about it. No notes were left by the manager for anyone to follow up on. But they did change our room to one in the Hilton Honors tower. We thought that sounded great, but it still turned out to be less than what you would expect of a Hilton Hotel anywhere else. Again they put us right next to the elevators, but at least in this building you couldn't hear it. The room was......okay. Nothing great, just okay. There were stains on sofa and carpet, a hole punched in at the base of bathroom entryway (odd) and a leak in the bathroom ceiling that landed on the bathroom counter. (I had noticed a stinky wet towel on the counter when we arrived and figured the maid had left a dirty cleaning towel there by accident. No, the maid had left a towel there on purpose to sop up all the dirty water that leaked through the ceiling! I had to keep doing the same every day to keep my personal items from being soaked!) We didn't bother to change rooms again as I can't imagine that any of the other rooms in the BEST tower would be any different. Also, the parking is atrocious. Seems like the Normandie Hotel next door is quite the hot spot on Friday and Saturday nights, and they all park at the Hilton! So you can forget about parking on the street and or even in the hotel parking! Everyone parks there, hotel guest or not! We had no choice but to go with valet parking, and even still our car stayed exactly where we left in front of the lobby for about 2 hours because even the valets had nowhere to park it or even move it.The food and drinks at the hotel are overpriced, as expected. The pool definitely didn't look clean. The beach is okay, definitely not a Caribbean white sand and blue water beach....far from it!We really only picked this hotel because the location was convenient for our needs on this trip and because we figured (wrongly) that we could count on Hilton quality. If you require a clean hotel room with few visible signs of wear and tear, do not stay here. The lobby area is very nice, and deceiving if you think the rooms will be similar in quality. But the rooms are what matter to me, so I would definitely not recommend this hotel.

Surpassed Expectations It was everything as stated and more. Location, price, amenities etc. The staff was so friendly and helpful. The lady at the tour desk was very helpful and patiently answered all of our questions. Her help was invaluable. I recommend buying the muni pass for unlimited travel (available at the tour desk). It more than pays for itself especially if you want to ride the cable cars more than once or twice.The rooms were charming and provided more amenities than many brand name hotels. I would classify it as a genuine boutique hotel and highly recommend it to everyone. I am a retired airline employee who's traveled the world and I know a bargain when I see one. Folks, this is it!Date of stay: May 18-20

Cheap but not worth the Bedbugs It's cheap. It's definitely in the Heart of Amsterdam. However, the bedbugs will feast on you at night and you will wake up to your own blood in your bed from squished bedbugs. Not to mention the irritating itching and scratching for days afterwards. We went in a huge group. Four of us got bitten by bedbugs and we all had to spend money afterwards seeing the doctors and getting medicines for the bites when we got back to the U.S. ( cheap hotel + doctor visits = expensive in the end). So I wouldn't stay here. It really isn't worth the discomfort. (Imagine being on a sightseeing tour but not really paying attention because you keep scratching and/or looking for a pharmacy) Keep your bags away from the beds as you don't want to take the bugs home with you. By the way, the breakfast is a joke. It's just random stuff that can hardly be called a meal.

Heavenly view, heavenly bed. The Westin is the place to stay! We stayed on the 41st floor and had a super view of the bay. looking toward the mountains and the space needle. The staff was outstanding--front desk, concierge, and the wonderful waitress in the restaurant at breakfast who made us feel as if we were at home. As others have noted, location is perfect for the walker. Our room was spacious and lovely, the bed as heavenly as advertised.

Lovely hotel--but... We enjoyed the lovely big room which had almost no street noise, however, our room had a door to an adjoining room with a 2-3 inch gap under it. Our neighbors for two nights seemed to be having a major party,starting at 2:00 AM. The first night, we did not call security, as things quieted down after 1/2 hour. The second night we called security,which led to toning down of the noise for 20 minutes, but had to call again before people who were obviously totally drunk(or worse) left. The hotel stole our thunder the next morning by calling us to say that $50.00 would be taken off our bill--not really enough to compensate for two nights of disturbed sleep . We wondered whether security was really on top of things. Breakfast was a problem as there seemed to be many tours using the one facility, which had a long waiting time. The hostess told us that the restaurant was not owned by the hotel. We did have a lovely, peaceful breakfast around the corner at the Hilton.

Average Stay at the Helmsley Our arrival at the Helmsley was at about midnight and after 8hrs on a plane, were looking forward to getting to the hotel and grabbing a coffee or a bite. From outside it looks like something out of a film, very bling, if not a bit seventies.Arriving at the hotel: the doorman let us struggle through the door with our own bags, not a great start, and the woman behind the desk acted most upset that she had to deal with some customers. Her manner was poor, bordering on rude, when she laid down the law about how she would charge my credit card for potential damage to the room which, she was eluding to, was the 'approval' to see if the credit on the card was good. My faith in the hotel was falling.We asked if we could get a drink.... No was the answer. The bar was shut, room service was closed too and she didn't know of anywhere nearby to get a drink at that hour. By the way, we'd visited NYC before and knew that there would be somewhere - we just didnt know where in that neighbourhood and found somewhere a few days later.Our first room on the 19th floor, was cold, had broken heat, an even more broken door lock that took many to open (we went down to reception and it took 15min for anyone to show). The room was okay - broken hairdrier, good view, nice TV, great bed, though it was a little shabby. A call down to reception about the heat was ignored.Next morning we showered, in the cold (it was 13F outside so the room wasn't much more) and headed down to reception. We complained and was told that these issues would be resolved immediately. They weren't. Most of the reception staff didn't care and had to look up simple info like when the bar was supposed to be open etc.It took several more calls and a final visit to reception when the issue was finally escalated and we were moved to the 31st floor to a better (less broken) but smaller room with a better view.The new room solved most of the issues, though the doorlock was still intermittently faulty - a fault most of the other guests we spoke to seemed to agree with. The director also kindly sent a bottle of bubbly to try make it right which we appreciated and went some way to salvaging our trip.To be honest, we were so tired of complaining that we left the remaining issues outstanding as it was really spoiling our trip.Room service was dire at all times. Always at least 35+ minutes if you wanted just a coffee (no facilities in the room) and the bar regularly didnt have coffee (this is NYC for Christ's sake!). Lucky there were 2 starbucks within a block or two though it was very dissapointing not to be able to have breakfast in bed a couple of times or at least a drink before setting out.If you have to stay here, I'd recommend the mini market on 2nd ave (right out of the hotel, right again onto second and it's on the right). And for breakfast - also on Second Ave - the Townhouse Cafe had the NICEST staff and the food was great value. On the left hand side, a couple of blocks down on the left hand side of second.Conclusion. Wouldn't stay here. The Helmsley wasn't cheap and last year we paid a little more for the Hilton Times Square which was light years better in terms of facilities and service. Unless there's big improvements, I won't be staying here again.

oooops....still Cool (not Barcelo Sants) Sants gogirlie3 West CoastDec 2, 2008 I think it was booked thru travelocity or expedia. not sure - whoever american airlines uses. ANYWAY. Great little place away from tourist central but with a great view of the beach (across the blvd). We enjoyed it. The young women at reception were pleasant, helpful and attractive. The guys weren't helping the business much - terse, snobby, tired of their jobs. We even tried to butcher their language while communicating (oh, maybe that was it - our Catalan was so bad we might have accidently said something wrong - sorry, we tried, this was our first time). The restaurant was really great with excellent Ports and desserts. They were very friendly and understanding of our late hours coming in after a day of touring, hungry. the service was just right and added to our enjoyment. And we even got to take our pic with a Spanish futbal star who was staying there. would always go back. A little hard to find at first, but you can get there via the train from the airport(cheapest way -get a multiday pass) you'll just have a 5-10 minute walk from the nearest station. parts of the neighborhood look like they could be sketchy after dark. Like all cities-night wouldn't be the time to walk alone. Beds were comfortable and good sized. Room was very clean, housekeeping generally friendly and flexible, in-room safe, amenities were nice. There was a conference and we really didn't notice any noise from conference goer's partying. We would go back.

Friendly in Florence My husband and I stayed at Hotel Europa on October 10, 2008 and brought friends back for a stay on October 18. The hotel is lovely with clean, spacious, quiet rooms. The newly remodeled rooms are the best choice. The owners, Miriam and Robert, are helpful in every way - our new friends in Florence. Miriam made reservations for us at the Uffizi and Academia. I would definitely return to Hotel Europa.

Loved the Mayfair Hotel/Location We returned last evening from a 5 day stay at the Mayfair Hotel in Paris....We up-graded our room to a Deluxe Double and it was large and lovely...The whole hotel is so well run and CLEAN...We certainly have NO complaints...We enjoyed the breakfasts and they were so adequate we only ate two meals a day...The charming girl serving them was an extra.....The location of the Mayfair is super as it is so close to so many things that you can walk to many places with no problem. It is tucked away on a side street and we never heard any noise ...The beds were comfortable and there was a small terrace off of our room..If you are looking for a lovely place to stay while in Paris, we would highly recommend this hotel..

New York Palace was fantastic! My husband and I stayed at the New York Palace for four nights on the first leg of our annual holiday. This was my first time in New York my husbands second time. The New York palace lived up to all expectations, large rooms, first class service and we were lucky enough to get a room overlooking St Patrick's Cathedral which was a bouns. If you like steak then we had the most fabulous steak situated next door to the hotel, i think it was called Morrello and Porchello's this was one of the best steaks that I have eaten, however a word of advice don't order a starter as the steaks are huge double the size of any that I have had in the UK. I can't tell you what breakfast was like at the hotel as we eat at deli's which were great value.I highly recommend booking a show in advance of your trip. I decided to book for Mary Poppins 6 months in advance and we got really good seats - the show was excellent! I also recommend the Rockerfeller centre the view from the top is amazing. We also did a helicopter tour which was ok rather expensive for what you got. If we had went to the Rockerfeller centre before the helicopter we probably wouldn't have bothered with the helicopter and saved ourselves $300.There is so much to do and see but if you are going to visit New York then I highly recommend the New York Palace as the place to stay.

The Hotel Silla is a great value We found the hotel on the internet and recommended the travel agent check it out. We chose it because it was reasonably priced and within easy waking distance to cross the bridge into old Firenze. We had great breakfasts the 2 days we were in Florence, and the staff made us reservations at a great restaurant just across the Arno River. They also arranged a Tuscany tour for us. The only drawbacks were the cost for using their garage for our rental car, and phone charges to call '800' numbers to fix ATM card problems.

Too big, Go only for Royal Service category If you do not stay in the Royal Service category, you will not get good service/attention. Also must upgrade to the Master Suite-Royal Service if you want the luxury of ordering room service. Check In is much faster in RS than regular check-in . Your bags are brought right along with you to your room. Regular check in can take 1-2 hours. Your bags can arrive to your room 1-2 hours after that. In the RS section, you can wait along the sidewalk for a golf cart to pick you up and bring you around the resort. It is so big, you cannot walk to too many things yourself. There is a train/shuttle that continually circles the resort for those that want to go to the beach or back to the front lobby (and other stops along the way). RS side has it's own Gabi Club and pool. Only for RS members. The food and service there was great. In the RS section you are assigned a butler. This person is suppose to come and transport you anywhere you want to go on the resort. Called him 3 times - only came once - when we actually checked out of the room. La Pagoda (Thai restaurant) was o.k. (at best). El Guardo Rest. food was better than the Thai. Making reservations at any of the restaurants (if you are not an RS member) is tough/if at all possible. As usual with the Caribbean, there is no urgency or rush to assist you in getting something done. It is extremely humid there all the time. Never a good hair day! Shuttles from the airport to the hotel are very slow. Take a taxi for $30 to the resort. You will get to the resort much faster. Beautiful resort - too big though.

Excellent value for money We stayed here for two nights to attend the Good Food and Wine Show at Darling Harbour. It was very convenient to walk to the event and we had the option of the monorail door to door. The room was clean, bed comfortable and as we had breakfast, late check out and parking included in the price as well as being able to use our Rydges Priority card - we found this hotel excellent value. The only things that were a bit disappointing was that the fridge and air conditioning were very noisy and you could hear movements and talk from the hall. Nothing from other rooms. Breakfast was excellent. Staff were helpful and I arrived at midday and was able to go directly to the room. For a Sydney Central Hotel - it is great!

Ok stay.... Stayed here for a week. Contacted the hotel directly and was able to get free breakfast thrown into our package (normally 10 euros per person). The breakfast was just fine w/ us - bread, cheese, croissants, cereal, etc. We were very worried because we had heard the hotel would be undergoing renovations at this time, but all that was going on was the top floor was being painted. Room was an ok size - desk, king bed, closet and enough room to put our 2 suitcases.Pros: Quiet, friendly staff, decent breakfast, good proximity to Eiffel Tower and short walk to Ecole Militaire metro stopCons: Leaky a/c leaky sink (they did fix these problems), toilet was running (even after they though they fixed it), bed was hard, only English TV was CNN international (not that we expected any more than that), not really any night time entertainment in this area

Great Boutique New York Hotel I stayed here for 2 nights on a business trip. The hotel is very modern and chic. The hallways are a little dark, but I felt this added to the hotel's calm ambiance. The standard room was a suite (I had a London Suite), with a full couch, flat screen TV, desk, and coffee table in one room, and bed and flat screen TV in the other. It was fairly spacious for a New York hotel room, but the parlor room would be small for a gathering of more than a few people. The room also had free internet, and an iHome iPod docking station, which I thought was a nice touch. The lights in the hotel room could also be dimmed, instead of being turned completely on and off. The bed was very large and comfortable and there was a great double-headed shower. The lobby was a bit small, with no real room to sit or hang out, but no one gave our large group any problems when we gathered in the hotel restaurant/bar. The bar was really great - probably my favorite bar of any hotel I've ever stayed at. Give the bartenders license, and they'll come up with some tasty unique cocktails. The food at the bar was alright, but room service for breakfast was disappointing. It was cold and missing some of the items I had ordered. Apparently the restaurant is much better when Gordon Ramsey is actually there, but he wasn't there when we stayed! The hotel is right in the middle of everything - convenient to anywhere you want to go in NYC. We walked most places - including to restaurants and a broadway show. All in all a sleek and modern boutique hotel, nice if you want a luxury experience and are trying to avoid the major NYC chains.

Enjoyed the visit Stayed here overnight for a conference and was pleased with the size of our room, its cleanliness, the staff, and the location of the hotel. We were on the 28th floor and had a lovely view of the area. Although the hotel is huge (44 or 45 floors, I believe), it did not feel impersonal because the staff were so friendly. However, colleagues were who staying in another room were not able to check-in until 5:30pm because their room wasn't ready. Since 3:00pm was the permitted check-in, a 2.5 hour delay seemed quite unreasonable. (Perhaps the hotel needs to hire a few more people for its cleaning staff?) The restaurant was fine (we ate breakfast and lunch there), despite NYC prices for food ($15 for two eggs, for example, w/ toast and potatoes), although we went outside for dinner. All in all, a very good place for a convention participant.

Great Location We stayed 4 days in advance of our cruise, and one day at the end. After reading the reviews before we left I decided to book this hotel. The rates seemed reasonable, although varied during the time of our stay, (btwn E147 - E179, and the location can't be beat. It is on Deputacion, one block from Passaige de Gracia, and one block from Placa Catalunya. Anna at the front desk took very good care of us, but I can't say the rest of the staff was over eager to make one feel welcome. Only one night of our reservtions came with breakfast, but I wouldn't pay for it if I had to. There are plenty of cafes around the area.Our room overlooked the back and was very clean and quiet, although not overbearingly large. The room came with robes (nice touch) and a whirlpool bath. Ask for a room in the back. Our vacation did not start well at the airport upon arrival. We landed in terminal A and our luggage was at terminal B, but no one told us..along with other Americans on the flight.When we asked staff at the airport to point us in the direction of the baggage claim, they did not speak English, nor were they interested in helping. The cab drivers on the all in all do not speak English, and a cab should only cost you around E20-25 to the heart of the city. It cost us E24. Please be aware, that there is a different rate on the weekends (higher), and that they charge you $2 for every bag placed in the trunk. In fact we think the cab driver taking us to the airport on Sunday really took us for a ride even though the traffic was nearly nil, the meter read E3.75 before we drove away from the curb, and the ride back cost us E31.75 with one less bag in the trunk. I think the hotel location was great, but if it is any indication of a European hotel, it was probably pretty good.

Loved the Hotel Perseo We stayed 3 nights in Hotel Perseo in a quad room. The room was comfortable, very modern and clean. The bathroom was clean. The hotel is in the center of Florence, in walking distance to everything. The rate included breakfast and free internet in the lobby. I booked this hotel based on the tripadvisor reviews. I was not disappointed. I read about Laura and everyone was right, she is a great asset to the hotel. She is very helpful and friendly. She made you feel at home. The hotel does have a small elevator. Overall it is a great hotel and very comfortable. I would recommend this hotel to anyone wanting to be in the center of Florence.

Glad we gave it a 2nd chance This was our second trip to Barcelona and we tried to stay here previously, but it was full. We are glad we gave it a second chance. Went with our daughter and son-in-law; who arrived before we did. They had a nice chat with the front desk and had us moved from a back room to a room facing the plaza/cathedral. The staff also sent them a bottle of bubbly to help them enjoy their stay. This was a nice touch. There can be some noise in the plaza, but the back rooms are not necessarily quieter. Hotel has a nice lobby and a good location. The rooms are typically small, but fine for sleeping. The bathroom area was OK with no difficulties.We did not have any meals at the hotel, but found nice spots for breakfast nearby and good dining in the area.

The Orchard met our expectations The Orchard is a charming small hotel in an excellent central location. Although I would not go so far as to qualify it as romantic (it's on a most romantic hotels list), there were many nice touches in the Art Deco design of both the Lobby and our room. We had a suite on the fifth floor which was nicely furnished. The huge bathroom included a separate tub and shower stall. The bed was comfortable and the robes and slippers were a nice touch. The minibar was well stocked, including a respectable bottle of wine. We were on the fifth floor but still had a lot of noise from the traffic. What we appreciated most was the location. From the hotel we were able to walk to Fisherman's Wharf, Union Square, Chinatown, and North Beach as well as two high end restaurants.. It's about 6 blocks from buses and trolleys that get you to most parts of the city. The staff was very friendly and if the desk clerk didn't have information we needed, the doorman did. On the one occasion that we needed a taxi, the doorman arranged for a private car that charged taxi prices. In the hotel restaurant, the cold buffet breakfast (only option) was pricey at $14. but the small plates dinner menu is worth having if you don't want to go out. We travel a lot and prefer to stay in small, interesting hotels. The orchard was not our most memorable but was quite satisfactory.

Simply Great We came as two families; us as two adults and another (our friends) with 2 very young children.The reception staff were friendly; we signed the forms and immediately got our wrist bands. Of course, we were greeted by a waitress with tropical punch drinks.The rooms were nice, huge big bed and spotless. The bathrooms were very comfortable too, with good powerful showers and spacious.The whole area of the hotel is very, very big. A fair distance from the place where you get off your car/bus, to your rooms and the beach. Several continuous trams take the guests from the reception areas to their respective rooms and to the beach. Of course, we always walked the distance, as do us good after the food.The gym was nice too, very clean and hardly anybody in it, doing exercise. The distance from the gym to where it all happens is again,a fair walk. However, we did it and it took probably about 10 mins at a steady pace.The food was always great. We enjoyed the buffet very much, as there were plenty of good and healthy choices. We went to a specialty restaurant, it was the Brazilian restaurant by the sea. It is well recommended as the skillets of beef, pork, sausages, lamb and chickenkeep on coming. To say the least, we had a good time.The show was a credit - certainly the circus night where the boys used a trampoline and trapeze for the show was worth seeing. They were amateurs but very fit blokes and pretty entertaining. (But by far, not the circus de soleil).House keeping is ok. Beach was crowded when we were there and have toget the sun loungers from various places.All in all, very good and worth the driving and reservation of a yearin advance.GO!

A Lovely and Warm Place To be My husband and I stayed here for our holiday in San Francisco. The hotel was so pretty inside. Our room was close to the front desk, but there was not any noise all the time we were there. The bed was big, nice and comfortable; they even put a RUSS teddy bear on the bed (Not for guest, it is only for decoration). Although the room was quite small, we did not find it a problem at all. The bathroom was nicely decorated, in French-countryside style. We had a shower room - and the water that comes out of it was so, so powerful, it almost skinned us! It was a GREAT shower with very high pressured water. The thing we need after a long walk around the city.On the basement was the breakfast and wine room. (Wine room meaning; the hotel serves cheese and wine in the afternoon). The breakfast was always quiche, plus a lot of fruit and maybe some sausages. I would rather have an English breakfast, but the breakfasts we had there were good.Coffee and tea 'flow' all day, all we have to do is to go to the basement. They also put some apples and cookies for guests.There is a small library at the basement, where there were few sofas and coffee tables. Also there was a fire place, so it made the room cozy.The staff at the front desk were very pleasant all throughout our stay. They give good directions and recommendation to places. The car park fee is USD32 a day, and when we were checking into the hotel, there was a car park right in front of the steps of the hotel,and we unloaded our stuff. Apparently, a car is allowed to park at that spot for several minutes, just enough time to take the things out of the car and checking in. Once we were finished with the front desk and got our room, the staff took our car to their car park, some 30 minutes away around the city.It is recommended that you ask the staff 1 hour before you actually need to depart or go somewhere. Having said that, we did not encounter any difficulties in getting our car. (At times, when we just got back from touring out of San Francisco city, our car was parked for more than an hour at that spot and the staff did not seem to worry to much about getting the car parked at their allocated car park area.)I like the hotel, because it is close to anywhere we wanted to go by foot. It is close to Chinatown, Fishermen's wraft, financial district and shopping centres.We plan to go to SF angain soon, and we will stay at Petite Auberge. It is such a lovely place to stay.Well recommended for everyone.

Returned to this wonderful hotel Second visit to this hotel and fouth visit to Barcelona. This is by far the best hotel we have stayed in, perfectly located, very helpful polite staff and lovely modern spacious clean bedroom and bathroom - fresh flowers and lots of toiletries provided daily. Lovely little bakery opposite hotel served breakfast very resonable. Excellent location in gothic quarter to walk everywhere and feel very safe. Easy walk from Aerobus, tour bus shops and la rambla to hotel. We wouldnt want to stay anywhere else, looking forward to returning. Stayed on 3rd floor overlooking front of hotel with small balcony, no noise problem at night at all and beds very comfortable. Heard several people in reception of different ages happily returning again and again.

Luxury with a capital L Eiffel Tower from Balcony

Heavenly........ We stayed at Raffles in June 2006, when attending a conference at the Suntec Centre, which is very close by. We fell in love with it and have been looking for any excuse to return ever since. We finally made it in late February 2008 and nostalgia had not distorted our memories. From the moment you step from the car you feel welcome. No need to scrabble around in your pockets for passports etc.; check-in is in your suite; once that's done, your luggage will have rejoined you and it's time to relax. As many reviews have already said, there is a feeling of history and timeless elegance about the place; and despite being in the middle of a busy part of town, within the hotel grounds there is a feeling of tranquility. Although it is a prominent landmark in the city, they have been very careful to strictly limit non-resident access to the majority of the grounds and we were surprised how few other guests we encountered when not in the restaurants or bar area, despite the hotel being quite full. The staff are incredibly attentive, helpful and polite; nothing is too much trouble. There is a rooftop pool and an adjacent gym (small) and spa. The pool and gym are open 24 hours. The spa is not state of the art; but it would be incongruous if it was. Instead the therapists rely on their skills which are superb.The Raffles Hotel Plaza is also worth a look around. We had suits made at Coloc on the 2nd floor (=1st floor UK) and highly recommend it for service, price and quality. If I really had to nit pick, these are my criticisms1) the Tiffin Indian restaurant (which we visited last time) was disappointing. The food is buffet style, in rich sauces, and was not as tasty as the smells eminating from the restaurant would suggest2) The Courtyard restaurant is lovely (particularly recommended is the Singapore chilli crab) but in the evening there is a singer crooning Sinatra-esque ballads. Unfortunately the PA system is poor, and set too loud, leading to a distorted and overpowering racket which ruins the atmosphere.

Really pleased with chose the Metro I stayed at the Metro in New York last October and afraid taken me all this time to do this review. However, I did particularly want to do this review as my husband and I were so pleased that we chose the Metro. We know where to stay but our friends from Washington recommended the Metro. We were particularly pleased with location, being very central, surrounded by lots of shops, within a few yards of the metro station and within walking distance of Penn Railway Station, which we needed as we were travelling onwards to Washington. The one down point was the lack of medium range restaurants in locality. We arrived in the evening and wanted to have a meal but all the restaurants nearby were fast food, serving mainly pizzas, hamburgers, hot dogs etc. We find a decent reasonably priced restaurant in the area at all. Maybe someone else will be able to recommend one but we walked around for at least an hour and could find nothing. We ended up eating at the Metro Hotel restaurant which was good but it would have been nice to have a choice. We did find in most areas of the City that there were plenty of cheap fast food restaurants and also very expensive restaurants but a lack of medium range restaurants. sure they are there tucked away in side streets but we walked a lot and see many. We stayed in a basic room with no upgrade and were really pleased with it. It was a little on the small size but what you would expect for the price we were paying in a major city. Everything was very clean, the bed was comfortable and the bathroom had a bath as well as a shower. The free Broadband was good and really fast. It saved us a lot on phone calls as we could E Mail our friends in Washington when to expect us etc. However, the biggest bonus was the breakfast. Our room price included Continental breakfast and we were expecting just tea/coffee and pastries but there was a really good selection, including large selection of bread/bagels, cereals, boiled eggs, cheeses, yogurts, muffins, selection of teas, coffee, hot chocolate. I have probably left things out as hard to remember everything. There may have been cold meats but I have noticed, being a vegetarian. My only complaint would be that it was served with the usual plastic cutlery and paper plates that we found in many establishments in New York, however, probably just being fussy, being used to standards in the UK. As it was winter we could not use the rooftop bar but sure that would be really nice in the summer. So all in all, I would thoroughly recommend the Metro for a short city break in a central location.

Very Pleasant Stay Very pleasant stay at the San Gallo. It is about a 15 minute walk from the main attractions, but you do get more of a feel to the city than just being on the doorstep of the everything. The only disadvantage to this is that we didn't venture very far afield in the evening as we were so tired after a busy day out. Very comfortable rooms, the air-conditioning is a little noisy but if you leave the balcony door slightly ajar at night this does away with the noise. Good shower and bathroom facilities.There are a few good eateries pretty close by. Alfredos is very good, some of the most delicious food I have eaten in a long time, the goose carpaccio and bruschetta is great. There is Persuas nearby where the speciality is steak and also carpaccio. We have a lovely meal at The Accadamia in Piazza San Marco, not too far away. The taxi fare from Statzione Santa Maria Novella is approx 8 euros , the train from Pisa is 7 euro.There is also the Terravision bus from Pisa Airport/Florence station which is 8 euros and runs every hour.

Excellent My friends and I, all teenage students, booked 2 rooms at Swissotel this June and had the most fantastic stay. The staff was very friendly, the rooms were great and the location was just wow. The Townhall Cityrail station is just a few minute's walk away, the Monorail station is even closer, awesome malls are just on the doorstep, and many major attractions are within walking distant (the Rocks and Darling Harbour). The only thing that I wasn't entirely satisfied with was the breakfast. It was fine, but not great- well, I guess that's because it's free.We'd like to thank a member of the staff at the concierge. Our taxi ran late on the day we left because of the traffic, and we really appreciated the fact that he truly made an effort to ensure that we could leave as soon as possible. We didn't quite catch his name, but Swissotel should be proud that they have such dedicated staff.

amazing I was at PPR in November 2007 for a wedding. It was truly a beautiful and amazing resort. I have traveled to Curacao; Mexico; Jamaica; Costa Rica; etc. and this was one of the nicest resorts I have stayed at. We were given an ocean view room at check in without paying for an upgrade and this was just the beginning of a wonderful stay. Our room was immaculately clean - no smell at all - and was truly beautiful - bed and bathroom gorgeous - the minibar was stocked daily with alcohol and water and beginning on second day it was stocked with the alcohol we requested as well as extra bottles of water. We had beer/alcohol delivered to our room at night at no extra charge - the food was really good with the exception of the dinner buffet - we only ate there the first night because we arrived too late to get a reservation at the other restarants and it was typical buffet food which I do not care for - all other food; including breakfast buffets (made to order omelets) and lunch (made to order steaks/fish) homemade guacamole, etc. were awesome! We had lobster 2 different nites at 2 different restarants and it was delicious - we had no problems getting dinner reservations - you make them either day of , or the evening before - all staff were very friendly and drinks are made with top shelf liquor if you request - I read reviews before we went and can't imagine what some of the posters complained about - HOWEVER- there was a family from New Jersay we heard and saw while there and they complained about sevral things and were the same people that ate pizza and left plates, ect. around pool where it specifically says no food in/around pool - so I guess there will always be someone complaining about something - even while breaking rules....! I ate at all restarants available and all were good - my favorite was the lobster at the outdoor restarant on the beach and passions restarant (no children allowed) very romantic and good food and the italian was my least fave but still pretty good. If you have specific questions feel to contact me - the wedding was beautiful and went off without a hitch! They seem to have a great wedding organizer/planner. I think the beds around the pool were called palapa's but whatever they were called - they all had a towel on them by the time we got down to breakfast each day but we wanted to be in the sun anyway so we did not mind. Overall - a fabulous experience.

fantastic location-definite stay!! Hotel fusion is a trendy hotel that's a bit on the small side but the location makes up for it. I went with my boyfriend but if I ever go back for a girls trip, I would feel safe staying here again. There a numerous restaurants just outside and loads of shopping (FCUK and HM are all stone throws away). The only complaints are that the walls are thin and the room smelled a bit musty. These in my books are minor issues.

Very Nice Resort.... only one thing.... Just returned from my stay @ the Punta Cana Princess from 4/22-4/29--- The resort is very nice, always kept clean with tons of workers, working on the landscaping, cleaning the pool, etc. The room was definitely amazing, we had a direct view of the pool, and the beach.. room 5211. I would definitely say to not stay on the ground floor because at night the amount of bugs is crazy, and I would not want the milipedes crawling into my room. The pool was kept in tip-top shape, and cleaned a few times throughout the day. The bars, I would honestly say the nicest people are at the lobby bar.... and at the ebach bar at night.... other than that, some of the people working there looked like robots, even after you tipped them-- I am not expecting a song and dance, but when i order one or two drinks and give 2 dollars everytime I at least expect a thank you. Not all of the workers were like that, there were definitely some who were very gracious to recieve the tips. The Food. #1 I am a New Yorker, who has access to the best restuarants in the world, and I will say that it is nothing like food in the United States. I would say it is decent. #2 I am a vegetarian and there was honestly not much for me to eat... I know people will say oh you could have had pasta.... but when you come from New York, and an Italian family... you cannot eat Tomato Sauce that was made in the Dominican Republic... it tastes like Ragu. There were some things I could eat, which kept me going... They had a very small salad bar, and once during the week they had vegetable soup.... In the A la carte restaurants, I had asked if there was anything they could make that did not have meat in it, and they said NO... so I was a little upset about that because I had stayed at RIU, Iberostar, and Breezes before, and all of them helped me out with my food issues. My fiance said that he enjoyed the chicken that they made daily. Out of all the a la cartes, he said that RIO GRANDE tex mex steakhouse, was the worst because the meat was very tough(he ordered filet mignon.. that is not supposed to be tough), He loved the Chinese! He liked the italian because he had gotten pork filet which he said was very tender. The mexican was very good -- I order chicken fajitas, and just ate the peppers and onions out of it .. they had a very nice taste. You are definitely better off booking all a la cartes. The buffet at the Caribe is huge, but extremely crowded with kids who are sneezing on everything, which is always lovely. overall, I would say is was an average place to stay, 3 stars.... definitely not 4 or 5also, the bavaro shopping mall..... unless you want to be hassled and being begged to come in and check out their stores ... stay away.

Basic, but a good bargin and good location This hotel is located just off Bourbon Street in the french quarter - about 5 blocks from Jackson Square. While noise is an issue, you are just off Bourbon Street, I personally had no problem. You don't go to Bourbon Street/French Quarter to sleep. The rooms were clean and basic, but old. The bed was comfortable and the shower had good water pressure (we stayed in 310). The Courtyard is BEAUTIFUL. There was a wedding in the courttyard one night, which was very loud, but it ended at 11 PM. The front desk staff was either very nice and easy to deal with or completely rude depending on the person. The bell men were great and very helpful. The price is also good for the French Quarter, you can't beat the location. My advice is if you are in New Orleans to site see during the day/go out at night, this hotel is a good choice. If you are looking for a quiet, relaxing stay, with all the extras, you probably shouldn't stay here.

Great for the price and location Great location and right off the E Train, so it is pretty much a direct shot from JFK. Within walking distance to Grand Central, Park Avenue, Madison, and 5th Avenue. Also, only a few blocks from the UN. The staff was VERY nice and helpful. Rooms were nice and clean, but basic (but who goes to NYC to sit in a room?). The hotel restaurant had a great breakfast buffet and there is a drug store right next to the hotel so you can get bottled water and midnight snacks. I would recommend staying here.

Loved the place The small balcony

Delightful find What a find! Had two suites for ladies getaway weekend. Found after a search on Marriott website, rooms only $193 a night with AAA discount. I know March is slow, but this is a fabulous price for the quality of the facilities and its location. Aquarium T entrance outside the hotel, The Black Rose also right next door, and barely a block to Quincy Market/Fanueil Hall area. Being on the 6th floor, there was some revelry noise from the street late Saturday night (including bagpipers!), but not enough to disturb us too much. We were there the weekend before St. Patrick's Day; it must be wild for the actual holiday! Positives of the room: linens, bath products, spacious living area and kitchenette with coffee, blender, dishes, toaster, etc. Comfortable king bed, typically uncomfortable sofa bed (but I've been on much worse.) One slight negative was the size of the kitchenette - barely enough counter space to slice cheese on, and there really isn't any freezer space in fridge, only tall enough for an ice tray. As long as you don't plan on keeping things frozen (like we had), it's not problem. Ice machine located on upper floor. Encounters with staff were outstanding, from the front desk to the concierge to bellmen to housekeeping. Wonderful security in that you must use room keycard to access elevator and, after 10:00 pm, the hotel entrance. Can't wait to go back!

Imperial it is The Imperial Hotel was selected for me by my colleagues in Japan, because it was within walking distance of their offices. I was completely impressed with the hotel in every respect. The service was consistently excellent. I read in my guide book not to tip people, but I tried anyway, and the bellman absolutely refused. As an aside, the hotel is very sensitive to the needs of a novice like myself. The bellman always asked me where I was going, and told the cab driver in Japanese for me. That was immensely helpful. My room was on the tenth floor. It was large, modern and comfortable. The bathroom was particularly nice, with a shower with excellent water pressure, and a modern tub with jets. The toilet had a heated seat and bidet, the soaps smelled lovely, and the hairdryer was strong and hot. The room is equipped with sensors that detect your presence, and light up when you approach (for example, a panel next to the bed that controls opening the curtains, the sound in the room, etc.). My PDA was not working in Japan, so I could not use my phone or email. The hotel phone charges were very modest, and the business center has free internet access. They actually opened early for me one day (usually opens at 8). I ordered room service for breakfast, and it was prompt and very good. On my departure day, I went down to the cafe (which opens at 6am) and asked if I could possibly have a quick breakfast in 15 minutes. I had my food within 3 minutes, and had time to spare! Every person I encountered was professional, friendly and fluent in English. My feable attempts at Japanese were warmly acknowledged. I will absolutely stay here again the next time I am in Tokyo.

Functional, not fancy I stayed at the Hampton Inn Seaport on business, because it was the closest hotel to the financial district I could get...with 2 month's notice! I had no trouble catching a cab in the morning. Including taxes, I paid over $500 for one night, and that was the AAA rate. This is supply and demand at work, I suppose. I gave it 3 stars because it was no way worth $500 a night. I was a little afraid when I saw the front of the building--completely nondescript. Having said that, I arrived late at night, and my room was ready and the front desk was very efficient. My bed was very comfortable, the flatscreen tv was great, and the bathroom was spotless and well stocked. The free breakfast was absolutely fine for me--great coffee, cold cereal, baked goods, yogurts, fresh fruit. SO, if you can get a good rate (which, based on the other reviews, seems to be available on the weekends and during nonpeak times), I wouldn't hesitate to stay here, if you don't mind having downtown as your home base.

Friendly, Relaxed You can see the top of the Duomo!

A great stay We stayed here as part of a conference deal and really enjoyed our visit. The shuttle from the airport was prompt and easy to find. We arrived before midday after a very long and tiring flight from Sydney and were afraid we'd have to wait for our room. Check in was quick and staff were very couteous. The room was ready straight away. We had a lovely room over looking the pool area and the airport runways. There was very little noise for a hotel so close to such a busy airport. The room was very tastefully furnished and very clean.The Concierge(s) was very helpful and would go out of his way to give good advice. He even advised us that we could buy tickets to the Dodgers' game on the internet far cheaper than he could get them for us. The hotel shop had a good range of essentials and some of their souveniers were cheaper than in the downtown stores. My son and husband spent a lot of time at the pool area. The pool was clean and the hot tub was also well maintained. There were always staff on hand to replenish towels and generally keep an eye on everything. The towels were large grey and white striped beach towels which was a very nice touch. We did not eat at Shulas but did use the bar menu to eat by the pool. The menu was limited but the food was good as was the food ordered from room service. The room service staff were delightful. We did not eat at the Sushi Bar either as we are not huge fans but it seemed popular. Breakfast from the buffet was good and plentiful and we felt it was very reasonably priced.This hotel is located a long way from anywhere except the airport which is a disadvantage for a long stay as cab fares are horrendous - $45 one way to Dodgers' Stadium. A car would have been helpful and we would rent one if we were staying for the same period of time next time. However, bus fares are cheap and a ride to Santa Monica or Long Beach is $1.50 round trip. A trip to Downtown LA will cost $3.00 for an all day pass. The bus station is 5 minutes walk behind the hotel. Make sure you have the exact money.We also found that it was easy to walk up Sepulveda Ave to the shops - about 20 minutes walk - or the bus will take you there also. There are quite a few cafes, department stores and supermarkets there.We also got wise and checked out the neighbouring hotels for more food choices. If you are desperate, there is a Subway outlet next door and other fast food outlets close by.My only gripe with this fine hotel was that when I ordered a cup of tea by the pool, I was charged $4.00 for a very small pot of semi boiling water and a tea bag!We stayed at a neighbouring hotel on our night before returning to Australia, and believe me, the Sheraton wins hands down. Everything at the Sheraton is professional and we were always treated with the utmost respect.A tip:If you are clastophobic as I am, elevators are always a bother. The elevator doors at the Sheraton Gateway are slow at opening, so don't panic!

Absolute Class We stayed here for a romantic night away from home. We had a spa suite in the front apex of the hotel. This hotel is high class from the minute you pull up outside the building until your car is returned to you at the end of the stay. Professional staff, clean, beatifully appointed room and a gorgeous bed all add up to the perfect stay. The attention to detail is fabulous. We will be staying again soon.If you are looking for a place to eat away from the hotel, try the Masuya Japanese restaurant just meters from the hotel. Fantastic and very well priced.

Could be better We stayed here again enroute to the US mainly because of proximity to the airport and it was pretty good when we stayed here last year. We booked a suite for $20 more so we had more room. It is not a cheap hotel in our view so look for good deals. The king bed was very comfortable but there was no bed for the two teenagers. The queen bed advertised turned out to be a sofa bed which we had to ask to be made up. Quite frankly, if I were the hotel manager I would have been embarrassed by the dilapidated state of the sofa bed. The matress was literally undulating! It was falling to bits. They left only one pillow so we had to ring again and ask for more which were delivered promptly. The towels left for the kids were thin and fraying. The location is great and the pool and garden area are very nice. There is a walkway to the beach. The room had views of the garden area, the bay and the airport. Next time, I think we'll look around for something else.

Excellent Hotel My recent stay at the Argonaut Hotel was excellent. The hotel location is perfect - right at Fisherman's Wharf and walking distance to the other attractions in San Francisco. The hotel staff was very professional and courteous. There was some confusion with my reservation due to an error on my part. The desk staff resolved the issue quickly and had us checked into our room within minutes. The rooms are clean and spacious. There is a complimentary Happy Hour every day in the lobby which is an excellent opportunity to meet other travelers from the US and the world. The hotel restaurant has excellent food though the service is a little slow. The cable car stop is one block from the hotel and Pier 39 is a 5 minute walk. I would highly recommend renting bikes and riding across the Golden Gate Bridge to Sausalito. The ride is easy and very scenic. You can take the ferry back to San Francisco or ride back. The Argonaut is about a 35 minute cab ride to/from the airport. We used the Lory Shuttle to get to the hotel - I wouldn't recommend this as it took close to an hour to get to the hotel and the shuttle driver was less than courteous. San Francisco was a great vacation and I would strongly recommend the Argonaut as a great hotel for your stay.

Royal Service at the Melia Caribe Tropical (and Diving) View from the balcony

Very Disappointing We had a stopover in San Juan overnight before returning home. The hotel was listed as close to the airport, it is 10 minutes away. The room was bug infested, the a/c did not work, and the sheets on the bed were old and did not fit. We changed rooms and still were not satisfied. Plus there's lots of construction around the hotel.Cannot think of anything postive about the hotel except the price.

Loved, Loved, Loved Sofitel St. James!!! My husband and I stayed at the Sofitel St. James 05/17-05/21.The minute we arrived... we were greeted by a friendly doorman who took our luggage while we handled the check-in process.We arrived to the hotel an hour before the check-in time, this was not a problem as our room was readily available. The check-in lasted all of 5 minutes before we were off to our room.Our room was very clean and nicely decorated. As soon as we were in the room I had to lay on the bed and rest a little while as the jetlag was setting in. As others have mentioned here on tripadvisor...the bed was soooo comfortable!!! This was just what we needed after sitting in an airplane for 11 hours. 2 out of our 4 night stay at the Sofitel St. James, we had drinks at the hotel bar. The hotel bar was not very big...but very nice and comfortable with great service and great martinis. The location of the hotel could not get any better. Sofitel St. James is a few blocks away from the Piccadilly Circus, and Trafalgar Square. It is also a short 10-15 minute walk to Buckingham Palace and to Covent garden. If you are looking for a great hotel in a great location...look no more and stay at the Sofitel St.James.

Hilton Hawaiian Village is great!!! My husband and I just returned from a 9 night stay at the HHV. We were there 9/9/-9/18. We had no problems with check-in, Alii tower has its own front desk. We stayed in an ocean view room in the Alii' Tower. The room was great, and it had a great lanai. There is maid service 3 times a day, and the Alii tower has its own pool for Alii guests only. The private pool was the best part, the super pool is too crowded. In regards to the food, there is many restaraunts to choose from on the property. My husband and I are picky eaters, and didn't care for some of the restaraunts. A few of the restaraunts we tried were: The Golden Dragon-Chinese,Sergios-Italian, and Hatsuhana-Japanese. They were all ok, I was just not impressed. There's the Wailana coffee shop across the street, this no frills restaraunt is great for good tasting breakfast at a cheap price. Lunch we had by the pool, RoundTable Pizza, Hamburgers etc...We usually ventured outside of the hotel for dinner. 3660 on the rise is an excellent restaraunt, the concierge can make the reservations. Also, the Cheesecake Factory on Kalakaua St. is good. The weather in Honolulu was wonderful, occasional showers but that's normal in Hawaii. Overall, the Hilton Hawaiian Village is a great place to stay when in Honolulu.

Sleek, stylish, great subway location Got a corner king city-view room for just under $300 a night, after taxes, which was not too bad considering the good location, convenience, and *amazing* city view from the room. We usually stay in Midtown and enjoyed being away from the congestion of that area. The sleek black tower was easy to find and next to the WTC site. St. Paul's Church right beside the hotel has some compelling exhibits and stories about 9/11 inside and a very old graveyard that is beautiful and parklike. Good shopping is close by too. My spouse was duly impressed for his 40th birthday. Furnishings are modern, and wow did he love the flat screen tv on the wall. Nice beds too. (I continue to *hate* the fridge with the hugely marked-up items and no room for your own soda or water.) In NYC, you don't spend too much time in the room, but we had a chance to enjoy a bottle of wine while gazing out over Manhattan at night, lovely! We appreciated the wine glasses and corkscrew in the room, and I liked the Crabtree Evelyn toiletries.We did not take advantage of the pool, the lobby bar, or the Church Dey restaurant, too many other things to do. We did notice that there was wireless in the bar and restaurant, and the lobby bar always seemed busy. My husband is a huge subway fan and loved our central location for getting just about any train we needed, from Midtown to Coney Island. The location is extremely convenient. I'd stay here again in a regular room if I could get some of the under-$200 prices that others seem to be snagging. Normally, I go budget, but this place came through for me when I needed a special occasion room without seeing it first. I will continue to wonder why this hotel spells its own name wrong. Don't let that steer you away. :-)

Lovely Hotel After reading negative reviews of the Ayre Gran Colon hotel we weren't looking forward to our stay. However we were pleasantly surprised. All the staff were polite and extremely helpful. The breakfast buffet was very good and the tea and coffee excellent.We stayed in the Europa building which had a very nice lounge and a bar and cafeteria which sold reasonably priced snacks and drinks. It was used by the locals on Sunday afternoon and also in the morning on their way to work.Our room was kept spotlessly clean and had a wonderful shower.Their was an excellent Italian restaurant over the road called Gino's and it was only a short walk to the Sainz de Barans metro.The lovely Parque de Retiro was a short stroll away. If we ever return to Madrid we will definitely stay at the Ayre Gran Colon again.

Wonderful weekend,if freezing My husband and I stayed at the American for his 40th Birthday in Jan 08,my sister had stayed here the year before and had recommended it .We were not disappointed .We had a large room overlooking the canal(which I had requested when I booked) with the biggest bed I have ever seen or indeed slept in,the downside of which was that I didnt see hubby for the two nights as he was at the far side of the bed but we both did sleep very well.The staff I found to be helpful,we asked for extra pillows and they were brought straight away,the check in was quick,the Concierge helpful and friendly .The tram is the best way to get around and cheap ,especially from the station to the hotel.We did all the sightseeing Madam Tussaud's , Anna Frank House(huge queue's though) the Flower market and such.There are hundreds of restaurants and bars to choose from ,we ate one night in one of the Gaucho's restaurants ,hope you like steak lol,,The bars around the Leidesplein are hopping ,and theres good food to be had there too,the best of all though has got to be the chips that you buy on the street in the cone shaped paper with any sauce you like on them garlic ,curry, bbq you name it they have it,,yum yum yum,, To end though I must say it was the coldest place I have ever been ,the wind blowing off the canals would skin a cat ,,but I guess it was January

splendid My husband and I stayed at this wonderful hotel for our 10th Wedding Anniversary and it was a truely pleasant stay,it was our first trip to Paris but certainly not our last.The hotel is in a superb location,and the view onto the Arc de Triomphe is magic.The rooms are quite large for Paris I'm told,the recption staff were helpful and friendly especially the Concierge.The metro is directly across the street from the hotel,which is how we arrived but when we were returning home we took the Air France bus to the airport ,it can be found a little way from the hotel on the other side of the street ask at the reception of the hotel and they will tell you where to catch it,its free for Air France passengers but there is a small charge for any other airline passenger.All in all I would say a 10 out of 10.

Mostly great buffet

The best main pool

Central Location room

Beautiful Hotel Hotel from the beautiful park next door

Great Hotel, but a tad overpriced for what you get This place is very clean, its got THE MOST comfortable beds, and the location is great. The bathrooms were clean and the rooms have been updated. The hotel has a very modern look and feel to it. The rooms also have new big screen tvs which was nice. One of the things that make people willing to pay a lot of money for this place is because the hotel has a walkway that goes right into the eaton centre mall. It enters sears, and on your way through this hallway there is a giftshop and a cafe down the stairs. Its a pretty cool thing to be able to walk right into torontos biggest mall in just two minutes. The only downsides are is that for $250 a night, you dont really get your moneys worth. The pool area is quite small, and elevators, lobby is packed by noon, and there seem to be a lot of kids running around everytime im there, and the giftshop and cafe were very overpriced. Also a lot of the rooms face an office building, so theres not much privacy, because the curtains are very easily seen through, but overall if your willing to pay over 250 a night, your really only paying for the location and the walkway to the mall. There are 3 and 4 star hotels just down the street from this one, and half the price.

Beautiful neighborhood, great value This hotel is in a fabulous section of Boston. It is just blocks from the Prudential Center, Newbury Street, and very short walk to two different T stops, (Prudential on green line, and Back Bay on Orange line). In a quiet neighborhood of beautiful brownstones and a walking path to that orange line stop, it is a very safe area. We were warmly greeted and treated well at check in. We had a studio in the building on Newton St, which was very quiet. The room was small, but very clean and we really enjoyed having a kitchen. There were many wonderful resturants nearby on Tremont St. and a huge grocery at the Prudential complex. My traveling companion and I thought that this was a great value and we would recommend this hotel to our friends and will stay there again when visiting Boston.

Very clean, comfortable hotel close to the sights Stayed at the Regencia Colon for 3 nights in mid-October. The room was a good size, very clean and comfortable. Excellent en-suite facilities. Room had sitting area with two easy chairs and coffee table.A good hot and cold buffet breakfast is available (10 euros)in the hotel, but there is also an excellent cafe bar just around the corner where you can get bacon and eggs for 3.75 euros. Building work is still going on just across the road (our room looked onto the site) but, unless you want to sleep late, this should not cause problems as work did not start until 8 am and was finished by 6.30 pm.Would certainly use this hotel again - it was a great location. In a quiet street, away from noisy main roads and passing tourists, yet just around the corner from the Cathedral and within easy walking distance of Port Vell, Catalunya Square and the Ramblas.

True New Orleans Charm!! I love this hotel. I feel that it has the BEST location. I have stayed in several other (more expensive) French Quarter properties, but have opted our last few trips to stay at the Hotel Provincial. The concierge is fantastic and helpful, not to mention, he has been there forever... I enjoy seeing a familiar face, who always recognizes us and makes us feel welcome. I love the quaint hotel bar, where my husband and I like to hang out and people watch. I love the convenience of Hotel Provincial most of all.. Close to the Cafe du Monde, The French Market, and Jackson Square.Some of the rooms are small, but very clean and nice. (We don't spend much time in our room, except to sleep anyway!) We always enjoy the fabulous courtyards and pool. True New Orleans charm!! A great hotel! I have always been very happy with this choice, we always recommend and always return....

Great place to stay We had no complaints at all about this property, it is super close to Times Square and the heart of the Theatre district, but very quiet and many amenitites (breakfast, snacks, wine and cheese reception, good-sized bathroom, nice toiletries) not to mention fabulous service. Jeffrey was especially helpful, if we go back to NY would definitely stay here again!

Great hotel, with great staff The welcome from the staff on front desk on arrival was great, after a long 16 hour journey they could not have been more friendly. The hotel was located centrally enough with a short walk to all the major attractions the city has to offer. We stayed for 3 nights from Nov 11th - Nov 14thThe room was well appointed, nice comfy bed, clean and tidy, only one reservation was the extremley small bathroom but it didn't affect me greatly but maybe an issue for some. The wine reception in the evenings is a really nice touch and you are made to feel very welcome. We didnt eat at the hotel but did visit ' Brick ' the bar next door for dinner which was really good and recommended. Like the vast majority of reviews I would highly recommend the hotel for its location, excellent value for money , and very helpful and friendly staff.

really liked the Giraffe WE stayed here over Christmas. We had a suite for our family of 4 , with 2 teenage daughters- plenty of room , nicely furnished, quiet , 2 tvs so no arguments, nice bathroom. The only difficulty was that the sofabeds are not very comfortable , so our girls felt they had to put up with this all week. We requested another matress to put on top but this did not arrive. Apart from that, we all loved this hotel - very relaxed, the buffet breakfast was just right for our needs , enough variety and very flexible, with eggs, cereals , lovely breads etc. Tea and coffee, biscuits and wine/cheese in the evening available free, made for a casual welcoming atmosphere, with no sense that 'it cost money to breathe' as you get in many large formal hotels. The computer in the lobby is very useful. This hotel was not cheap but is good value, especially considering breakfast is included. The staff were friendly and helpful. There are many good restaurants nearby and from this location it is easy to get anywhere in Manhatten. I would recommend the mexican restaurant next door - the margueritasare very good.

Perfect for exploring Paris Front desk people are excellent and speak many different languages. Rooms cozy and clean. Great location in the Latin Quarter. The neighborhood has restaurants and taverns galore...some at fairly reasonable prices, so you can easily pop in after a long day of sightseeing. And you are literally one block away from taking a train, subway or bus anywhere in the city and beyond. Would recommend, even though at times, noise from the street did drift in a bit, and the beds were a bit narrow, but that's just an aside for those who care. Enjoy Paris!

Great hotel, great price What can I say? It was an amazing experience. The room was large by European standards. Everything was impeccably clean. We requested (and got) a small balcony. The staff was knowledgeable and had wonderful recommendations for outstanding restaurants. Americans will probably find the pillows uncomfortable, but they are better at this hotel than in most of Europe. Breakfast was a feast; as large a continental breakfast as I have seen. The location was amazing, right in the center of everything. I know the city pretty well and when we booked the hotel, I did not expect it to be near as nice as it is, given the amazing location and reasonable price, but this is a true deal.

Quality slipping since last stay in 2003 Front shot of hotel

Fabulous Hotel My husband and I just spent 6 nights in this hotel and loved every minute. The staff is friendly and efficient. We stayed for 4 nights, left to go to Victoria BC, then came back for 2 more nights. The hotel has old world charm. The room decor is very well done - down to the drapery, carpet and nice artwork on the walls. The bathrooms are modern and nicely sized. The beds were very comfortable. The rooms and bathrooms were spotless. The linens were fresh and spotless as well. The fresh fruit and free bottled water was a nice touch and very much appreciated. The breakfast room was clean and always stocked with the daily offerings. The coffee was good and the waffles were addicting. Even the elevator was fast and roomy. You don't realize how much you appreciate that until you go to another hotel where the elevators are sloooooow and tiny (as they were in our Victoria BC hotel). The Pioneer Square area is lively and exciting with lots of little shops and restaurants. We walked around the area at night and didn't feel unsafe. Other people mentioned street people as problematic. This is a fact of life in any large city, but none of the street people were aggressive or abusive. Just a block away, they offer a tour of Seattle Underground which was interesting. Pizza at Mario's was delicious. Dinner at Elliott's Oyster House at Pier 56 was wonderful. We found Seattle to be a great city with friendly people who are helpful and polite to tourists. We hope to visit again some day and when we do, we will again stay at the Best Western Pioneer Square Hotel.

OK stay at the Washington The positives-The room was beautiful and very large. It had a balcony, beautiful windows and a chandelier, nice sitting area and a desk. The beds were 2 twins pushed together and were comfy enough. Good heat as well which was needed b/c it was quite cold out. The hotel is in a quiet area.The negatives-The location wasn't great for us. It is good if you want to spend your time there near the museums but we found it annoying to travel all the way to the center or from the center back to the hotel. For this reason alone we would not stay here again. It would have been nice to have tea/coffee facilities in the room....we tried to bring up juice/coffee one morning at breakfast and were told we were not allowed, so b/c of this we did not eat breakfast although it looked standard anyway (cereal/cheese/meats).The last thing I want to mention is that I would have hoped the staff would have been more friendly....

Excellent Value for the Money Got an excellent deal for 5 nights at this hotel. We paid with credit card when we arrived at no extra charge. We were first given a double room which was VERY small. I was not very happy with this room. Since we were staying 4 more nights, I waited until the next afternoon and asked to be moved to a bigger room. They said no problem but I had to wait until the next morning. The next day we were moved to a very large room(twin) with 3 windows, table and chairs, desk and lots of room. So be aware the rooms here vary. The beds were not the best but not the worst. The bathroom was a decent size and the water pressure was good. I found the staff to be attentive and friendly and always around. You had to leave your key when you left each time but it wasn't a problem and I liked the safety feature. At night we never waited more than a min. or 2 to be buzzed in. We had breakfast most mornings, which consisted on coffee, juices, lots of breads, cheese, spreads, cereal and yogurt. Plenty to start your day. Location of hotel was great as well, right next to the Mariott in a quiet neighborhood. Overall at the price we paid we would stay here again as long as we got the bigger room.

Good hotel..... Nice, clean room. I choose this place for the free parking. I would stay again if I got a good deal. Far away from the action so I would only stay here if you had a car. Got an upgrade one stay and had a very nice room but don't know if that would happen at a busy time. Front desk staff was nice. Not much food in the area.

We will be back..... We will definitely be back. The location of this hotel was perfect for us(not in the center) but then again we are walkers. The room was very nice, double bed, chairs with table, desk ect.(as pictures on the website). The room had an entire wall of windows (don't worry there are blackout curtains) that overlooked the street/canal-just beautiful. The room had coffee/tea making facilities which was nice b/c I could have coffee whenever I wanted-and it was really good! The bathroom was a good size with a tub and good hot water and toiletries. The breakfast was more than standard which included coffee/tea/juices/granola and cereal/cold cheese and meats/breads with so many spreads to choose from/yogurt and fruit. It was more than enough to start the day and served in a very nice room.You had to leave your key when you came and went but it wasn't a problem at all, it's a small hotel and we never had to wait to do this-and the staff was very pleasant.The only negative I can say about this hotel is that the bed was very hard and uncomfortable but this is just preference (it didn't stop us from sleeping though). Also if you are a light sleeper you want to request a room in the back. The hotel is in a busy area and there is street noise until late-this didn't bother us though-again-just preference.All in all we will definitely be staying here next visit.

Brilliant Hotel, would highly recommend We choose this hotel mainly on the strength of the great reviews left by trip adviser users and disappointed. This hotel is excellent, all the staff were extremely helpful and friendly, when we arrived at the hotel four hours before the given check-in time they were very accommodating and made sure we were in our room within 30 minutes.The rooms are lovely, we were on the 7th floor at our request after we read on this website the problems with noise on some of the lower floors and we disturbed by it at all. The room itself did face a busy road but the windows shut out any road noise so that wasn't a problem. The rooms were extremely clean, plenty of space and very modern with flat screen TV, radio etc and decorated with lovely finishing touches. The bathroom wouldn't have looked out of place at a 5star hotel, it was extremely high quality with a great bath and powerful shower. The toiletries in the bathroom were much more than the standard, with razors, make-up removers, shoe shine etc, etc in additional to all the usual things, this coupled with the free safe, well stocked mini bar etc made this hotel a little extra special. The hotel and the rooms are exactly as they look in the pictures, if not better.The hotel the bar was nice, we had a few drinks in there, bar staff were friendly. We didn't eat in the restaurant but it looked very nice. The free internet access was also an added bonus as was the roof terrace pool. It was small but at the end of the day you are in the centre of Barcelona so any pool is a bonus. The Location of the hotel couldn't have been better, a couple of minutes walk from Playa de Catalunya, which is one of Barcelona main square's at the top of Las Ramblas. Perfect position for sight seeing.Las Ramblas is great, take time to have a drink there and watching the people go by and the mime artists - how those people stand so still is beyond me! Barcelona is a brilliant city with so many things to see an do - the Casades (get there early it gets so busy), marina, zoo, Gaudi Cathedral were all brilliant places to go and we tried to walk to most places to see all we could of Barcelona, which was tiring but worth it. Lots of lovely places to eat and drink, and the shops go on for ever.I would highly recommend both this hotel and Barcelona itself, we will defintely be going back again.

Great Hotel in a perfect location We stayed at the Donatello for the first two nights out our holiday inCalifornia. The location was great; a two minute walk from Union Square. We were on the fifth floor, our room was clean, comfortable and very large. The little kitchen and sitting area was a nice touch.All was well until we tried to get to sleep, the constant noise from the car rental company next door was unbearable, they were shouting and banging all night, with no regard for anyone trying to sleep! It was so bad that my partner went down to reception to ask that we be moved, they do anything immediately but they promised to moveus in the morning, which was they did. This was a real shame and not exactly the hotels fault as it is out oftheir control, but still very frustrating when you have just had a 10 hour flight from the UK. The staff were all really helpful and friendly and we would definitelystop at the hotel again, with a request to not overlook the car rentalplace of course!San Francisco itself is wonderful and we would definitely want to return in the future.

Loved this Hotel Room

Amazing time at the Jurys Boston Hotel I stayed at the Jurys Boston Hotel for a week at the end of March with my boyfriend and had an absolutely incredible time. It was my boyfriends first time in Boston whereas I was returning after 11 years from having lived their previously. We had an incredible week and were very sad to leave. The Jurys Hotel was by far one of the nicest hotels I've ever stayed at, and I've stayed at a fair few. The hotel staff were very friendly and very accommodating through-out the whole trip. The room was lovely, some have said the rooms were quite small but I thought it was a great size. Everything about it was wonderful. We had breakfast in the hotel a couple of times, we didnt have the buffet as we didnt think we could possibly eat enough food to justify spending $18. But what we did have was great. It's in an absolute perfect location for everything, a two minute walk from the 'T' station, some great restaurants in the area, one especially great meal was at the Bonfire Steakhouse, a bit on the pricey side but so so worth it. We had a great night there. The complimentary internet in the Jurys business centre was very useful as it was the only means of communication with some friends I had in the area. We had drinks in the bar Cuffs a couple of times too, it had a great atmosphere and we weren't disturbed by it at night at all. I don't have a negative thing to say about our stay at the Jurys, and when we go back to Boston we will definately be staying with them again.

Beware All 4 beds looked like this. Bare smudgy walls.

Quirky and fun! This is certainly not a hotel for a romantic break away but great for a group of people visiting Amsterdam. Just been on a hen party and stayed there and really enjoyed it. The rooms were fairly basic but quirky and the bed was one of the most comfy I have slept in! The bathroom was roomy, but bit wierd no shower curtain meaning it got soaked! The staff were really friendly - very helpful and spoke perfect English. The hotel is only a mnute from the nearest tram stop and then 5/10 minutes into Centraal, really handy for the centre. I wouldnt come here with my husband but for a fun trip with lots of mates where you need somewhere functional but nice to sleep, this is it!

Fantastic capital hotel We stayed recently at this hotel for 2 nights on a Friday and Saturday.We arrived late on the Friday night but still received a very warm welcome and even a free upgrade! We felt the commual areas of the hotel were modern, clean and welcoming.The room itself was great. Good bed, lovely seating area, good size bathroom with great shower. This was really just a stop over for us but would have been equally as nice as a romantic weekend away.The area was quiet as a business area, so really peaceful. There is a Wagamamas, Pizza Express, Chez Gerard , All Bar One - all nearby, although closed at weekends. But its really near the tube and easy to get a cab into the centre.All the staff we encountered were incredibly friendly and helpful. When we left, we needed a taxi. They booked us one and when it arrived, came out the hotel to the cab to make sure everything was OK and to help us with our bags. Not many hotels I have stayed with bother to do that.The breakfast was fairly good but pretty expensive but then I find all hotel breakfast are like this.Bearing in mind we paid for 2 nights on a weekend, we thought this was an incredible find. Friendly, nice rooms, nice commual area, near enough the centre but away so quiet and all for in one of the most expensive cities in the world. Would thoroughly recommend. Wished I knew of this before!

Fantastic Stay! This is a very nice hotel situated right on Las Ramblas, perfect place to stay. I went with another 2 girls and we shared a double room with a roll away bed, we found it too be ample space and we were on the 5th floor facing Las Ramblas. With the windows closed you cannot hear any noise and with it open the atomosphere of the street just comes straight into the room. The room was very clean, the bathroom was very nice, the only thing missing was music and a kettle!! The hotel staff were very friendly and allowed us to extend our room stay till 7.30pm for an extra 60 euros, which was fantastic! All the shops, bars, cafes, resturants are close by and all the shops are open on a Sunday, so don't just shop on a Saturday as you have the Sunday as well. Overall this hotel was an excellant find and we are all planning to return to the same hotel in the future.

Great atmosphere Hotel Mayflower was a great choice for budget accom. right in downtown San Francisco. We stayed for 4 nights, the reception was really friendly and welcoming, the decor very original, a very good first impression.Our room was large and spacious, with kitchenette, and very clean. Breakfast in dining room was average, the owner went to some trouble to source some ingredients to deal with allergy.The hotel has been in the same family since it was built, and there is a real sense of pride. It is an old hotel, and hasn't had much renovation, but that only added to its charm.Would definately recommend this place.

Superior in every way We stayed in this hotel on our China tour and it was fabulous. We loved the unusual design of the room -- a sliding arced wood panel with mirrored square insets that gave access to both the closet and the minibar. A mirrored wall in the entry and what a luxurious bathroom! What a comfortable bed! The only disappointment was no flat-screen TV, but who cared? Not us. We were in easy chairs, sipping green tea, peering out our floor-to-ceiling bay window at Victoria Harbor day and night. Service was impeccable, which means instant. We never really got the hang of logistics at the hotel because it was too easy to just pick up the phone: Ice, please. Not only did ice arrive but shortly afterward someone called to ensure that we'd been iced. Security was so great that if you forgot your room key you couldn't tell the elevator to go to your floor. Nice. The restaurants and food were 5-star, like the hotel. The lobby could have won an interior decoration award. If you get a chance to stay here, don't miss it.

Lovely hotel, lovely staff We stayed at the Hotel Duret for 5 days at the end of June. Great stay. The decor of the hotel and the room was hip and elegant. We had a deluxe room on the 6th floor. Although there were only 2 twin beds, we pushed them together and it was perfectly fine. The room and bathroom were nicely appointed and very clean. The views of the street and the courtyard behind the building were charming. The staff, without fail, was lovely, helpful and patient with our feeble attempts to speak French (their English was, of course, perfect so we had no communication problems). It was about a 15-20 minute walk to the Eiffel Tower and under a 10 minute walk to the Champs d' Elise. The metro was just a few minutes away. Excellent pastry shop right on the corner. While the neighborhood wasn't the most charming in the city, it was still very nice and everything we needed and wanted to see was readily available. Heartily recommend this hotel. We hope to return someday!

A rip-off, though I do heart the comfy beds. After several nights of inns and motels on my road trip, I was so ready to sleep on a nice fluffy bed with equally fluffy pillows and duvet. Hotel 480 did not disappoint. Check-in was a breeze, and the staff was extremely courteous. The location made it easy to walk almost everywhere we wanted to go, which was great, because who wants to drive in SF? I have no complaints about my experience here; in fact, I would whole-heartedly recommend it to anyone...that is, anyone with deep pockets. Internet access was $10 per day, and parking was approximately $50 a day after taxes. Now, I'm from LA so I'm used to paying premium prices for parking and mandatory valet, but $50 was a sticker shock, even for me. In the end, everything added up to almost $300 a night for a room in a three-star hotel. We had a good experience here, but not THAT good.

Perfect view of Union Square! My stay here was nothing short of perfect. I was here for a business trip, and the company sprang for a corner room on one of the upper floors, giving me a gorgeous view of Union Square and the rest of San Francisco. The bed was the perfect blend of firm mattress and soft sheets, the bathroom was huge, and I got a copy of the San Francisco Chronicle every morning. The staff here is amazing...everyone always has a smile on, and there's always at least five people waiting to help you with your bags, opening the door, or getting you transportation. This place even has a gym, so I didn't have to hike to the nearest 24-hour Fitness on Montgomery. Only thing was that the internet was $10 a day, but I found that having to pay for internet is the norm among SF hotels. If I could afford this place, I'd definitely stay here when I'm in town for fun.

location, location, location Wonderful place for a hotel in the middle of the Schauenviertel, off Friedrichstrasse right next to Tacheles. Everything happens on Oranienburg but the hotel is quiet, friendly and well designed. Lovely large room and bathroom; we had a suite on the 6th floor with wonderful views.The website said 'kitchenette' but there wasn't even a kettle, however they produced one immediately when asked. We had coffee and museli and fruit in the cafe next door each morning (much better value than the hotel buffet for those who don't want a huge meal first thing in the morning). The only 'minus' was the lack of cupboard/drawer space for 2 of us staying almost a week.

Loved it! The high loo!

new favorite hotel in theatre district I found this hotel perfect for my needs--good area, large enough room, clean, friendly staff, not ridiculously expensive. I even had a view--which is not often the case in less expensive New York Hotels. I booked an Executive double double and it was nicely renovated, and felt fresh. Perfect for going to plays, taking the subway , and finding good resturants close by.

Inn Okay, Not Memorable We were spending four days in Seattle prior to flying to Alaska, and after reading many reviews of different Seattle hotels, I chose this hotel on the basis of the Tripadvisor reviews. Every review I saw was glowing, and I also liked the location. We travel frequently and have stayed in many different hotels, both chain and otherwise. I have to say we were somewhat disappointed. The location is very nice, true. The hotel was nice inside, but we never saw the reason for the glowing reviews. The room was nice but not exceptional. The men who bring in luggage and get you cabs went to great lengths to help us. The desk staff was certainly very pleasant and helpful, but at least two of them didn't know how to put us in touch with a company who could take us to Mt. Rainier. There are no brochures available in the lobby, and when the desk person went looking in a drawer, he had difficulty finding a brochure for this major attraction. I finally suggested Gray Line myself, and he made the phone call for us, but then gave us incorrect information (and I saw later why he thought that he was accurate---I don't blame him for that). My husband found out later on that there was a concierge somewhere on site, but in four days we never saw him/her or even knew of his/her presence. The hotel needs better visible information for tourists---at the very least, brochures should be somewhere. In addition, once we did book our tour, we asked for a wake up call that never came. Fortunately I always set my cell phone. We came away feeling that while our stay there was fine, we had had similar fine experiences in the chain hotels all over the US. We felt that it wasn't worth the extra money.

Prince Conti staff helped make trip memorable We wanted to stay in the French Quarter and picked the Prince Conti for its location. We were in no way disappointed. Be warned, it overlooks Conti and Bourbon Streets, and it can be very noisy outside at night. I hear they have inside rooms, but we didn't know that. However, if it's a French Quarter location and a French Quarter type hotel you want, the Prince Conti is superb. We walked everywhere. The Prince Conti is not a chain hotel, so don't expect large impersonal rooms. The rooms were clean and comfortable, and the one little problem (broken light switch) was fixed immediately. The real bonus was the staff. Amy at the desk knows EVERYTHING about New Orleans, and she and Peter (also at the desk) set up tours and events for us; they and other hotel employees also made restaurant suggestions which were fantastic. We had a memorable meal every night. When we had a problem with our airport pickup, Amy got right on the phone herself and got someone there for us at once so we didn't miss our flight. I would certainly recommend visiting New orleans (they need the tourism) and staying at this hotel.

A Gem in the 6th Arr We have always stayed at the Angleterre on Rue Jacob when visiting Paris, but had been disappointed the last time. So I looked for other options in the same area and read about the d'Aubusson on this website. The reviews were not wrong--the d'Aubusson is a gem. We booked the Romance package and it delivered in a special way every day of our stay. We were in room 306, with twin beds (best for vacation sleep, I think). Quiet, of good size for Paris, great bathroom, wonderful linens. The staff are so friendly and helpful. The breakfast is wonderful. The champagne lunch, welcome champagne, roses, were wonderful. We took the river cruise but didn't go to the concert--although the choices were interesting. We always buy a museum pass in Paris, so didn't need the Louvre tickets, but decided to give them away to some young couple at the door. How fun to learn that the couple I approached were on their honeymoon! Oh, and the airport pickup was wonderful. And so was the jazz in the Cafe Laurent. You can hear it slightly in the room but it never went late. The package isn't cheap but it really delivers value. We would definitely return there. We recommend for dinner: Le Petit Zinc over by St Germain and the Sushi House down the block from the hotel. We got more delicious sushi than we could eat (plus salad and miso) and sake for 44 euros. Who says it's expensive to eat in Paris?

A Peaceful Haven in the Middle of Florence When you travel to Italy, don't miss the opportunity to stay at Hotel Alessandra in Florence! This lovely hotel is on a small, quiet one-way street, and rooms on the opposite side of the property overlook the beautiful Arno. Despite the tranquil location, however, you're only a block and a half from the Ponte Vecchio and other major tourist attactions. The rooms in this 15th century palazzo are spacious, comfortable, and furnished with elegant antiques. Owners Anna and Andrea Gennarini speak accomplished English and will make you feel completely at home during your stay. They will also tell you about excellent nearby restaurants and off-the-beaten-path sites of interest. But their willingness to make your stay special doesn't end there. Recently, when some young friends of ours stayed at Hotel Alessandra on their honeymoon, I e-mailed Andrea asking him to do something special for them, and he came up with a thoughtful, creative way to comply with my request. After staying at Hotel Alessandra, you'll feel like you have old family friends in Florence, and you'll want to return to this haven again and again!

Great value Best location - near metro, airport bus, on Ramblas. Lady on reception was smiling and helpful. Good breakfast and free coffee all day. Room was small but clean and mattress was comfortable. Would stay there again.

Great hotel in good location This hotel was in a great location for one that is not on Las Ramblas. A 5 minute walk took you to the Port area or Las Ramblas but for travel round the city the underground train station is at the front door of the hotel- you couldn't get any closer. The rooms were well appointed- nothing luxurious but pleasant if slighly small. The breakfast was very good- I would recommend you book this at time of booking hotel room as works out cheaper and it was a cooked breakfast with eggs, bacon, cereal, fruit, fruit juice, toast, tea, coffee, buns etc. Small pool on roof- more of a plunge pool but sunbathing area as well with small gym- I loved it as you had great views over city and nice to relax and cool down - no its not big but ideal for a city hotel. Lots of nice restaurants in Barcelona- I recommend going just of Las Ramblas for great value and go to the Fairy Bar at the bottom of Las Ramblas beside the wax museum just for the novelty factor. We took the tourist bus round the city and although I would never normally do anything so tacky it was a great idea as limited walking- we got to see al the sights and you can hop on and off as you want- top tip don't board in Place Catalyna as its so busy- we boarded at the Port area- means you get to sit upstairs which is a must. I would definately stay in this hotel again as its a great location and good value for money in Barcelona where many hotels are overpriced and not great.

Do not stay here its terrible Hated this hotel- their website makes it look really nice but when you arrive it is grotty and smelly. We had to change room 3 times and we had booked a family room with 2 adults, 2 children and we ended up in a room with 3 of us in 1 double bed. We had no coffee maker in the room and when I queried this at reception was told that guests steal stuff from the room all the time and the hotel can't afford to replace them. Bathroom so small that the door skimmed along the toilet when you opened it and you had hardly enough room to sit down. Air conditioning unit attached over the window so you had no daylight and it was extremely noisy all night.Didn't sleep under the blankets as the bed was dirty and the room really cold and heating not working properly. Felt quite unsafe as hobos hanging around the entrance shouting abuse at us everytime we left the hotel. This was quite expensive for what you got as the standard was terrible - a youth hostel would have been better!!! One of the worst hotels I have ever stayed in.

Truly a good, reasonable hotel in London My teenage daughter and I have just returned yesterday from a one night's trip to London. I chose the hotel purely on the reviews given on this site.This hotel was an excellent choice. As said by other reviewers, the Luna Simone does not have big rooms - but who cares - as you only sleep there after a day doing the sights. The main thing, as far as I am concerned, is the cleanliness. This hotel is really clean and fresh - from the moment you step through the front door. We had room 10 on the front and even had the window open at night. We don't mind traffic noise and had a good night's sleep.We had a nice breakfast in one of the very clean and stylish basement breakfast rooms. It was not the most interesting breakfast we've ever had, but very nicely cooked egg, beans and bacon, having first had cornflakes and toast.This hotel is close to Victoria and Pimlico underground stations and is in a very select area of London. I would recommend it to anyone looking for a clean, friendly, budget hotel in a nice part of the city.

Average Comfort I stayed here with my husband and teenage daughter at the end of July for 3 nights as the first stop on our around the world tour.The hotel is convenient for viewing Fishermans' Wharf, the crooked road and to get to trams.The room we were given had a wonderful view of the Golden Gate Bridge and we had no complaints regarding the size or cleanliness.The biggest problem was breakfast time! This only ran until 9.30 and so everyone headed down at 9am arrving at the same time. The breakfast room was just not large enough to hold everyone so there was an overflow into the reception area. One morning we ended up eating out there on sofas, hoping that a table would turn up eventually. The breakfast buffet was pleasant enough, but it was a bit of a scramble amongst all the other guests (who'd arrived at the same time!!)Comfort Inn - you need to sort this out with an extension!Anyway, a nice hotel for the price, but head down early for breakfast!!

Loved the Bienville House Front of Bienville House Hotel

Febris is GREAT We have stayed at the Febris each year for the past 3yrs. As a family with two young children, we love the location, spacious family rooms, friendly staff (Gede is a good guide and the best driver! - he is located out the front), and wonderful spa/massage treatments all on-site. The hotel is right across from the Bali Dynasty. There is a good money exchanger across the road right next to a small supermarket - it is also not a far walk from the Centro Shopping Centre and Waterbom Park. We will be back next year!

Comfort and efficiency in central Berlin Our family of four, (parents and teenagers) stayed at the Golden Tulip Residenz Berlin for three nights at the end of August 2006.From the moment we arrived until we left we found this hotel to be excellent. The staff all spoke excellent English and they were very helpful and efficient in dealing with all our requests. The position of the hotel is excellent on a quiet street off Kurfurstendamn yet within a few minutes walk of the Zoo and of Wittenbergplatz. There are plenty of clothes and shoe stores here and also many restaurants. The U-Bahn is easily accessible although at present there is a lot of disruption on the line into the Mitte area. All three of the rooms we had in the hotel were very plain in but had every thing we needed and in addition two had small balconies over the courtyard which always pleases me. Bathrooms were fine with excellent power showers the curtains were inclined to block the water outlets. The beds were a little on the firm side for my taste but were clean as was the rest of the hotel.However the best point about the hotel (other than the staff) was the really excellent breakfast. This was extensive, with bacon, sausage and scrambled eggs available in addition to a large variety of cereals, fresh fruit and dried fruit. Also there was a large selection of rolls, toast and smoked and cold meats and cheese including smoked salmon. This is normally, I believe, about 13 Euros each but we got it as a bed and breakfast deal - an excellent bargain.If we visit Berlin again we will certainly use this hotel and recomend it to our friends.

Wonderful stay! We stayed here for one night to attend a concert at the Bank of America Pavilion. Gorgeous large rooms, helpful staff, comfortable beds, and very clean and safe. The walk to the Pavilion was 10-15 minutes at most. Across the street is a small cafe where you can get french toast, bacon and coffee for only 4.00! Hardest part was driving into the city to the hotel, but that's not the hotel's fault!

Loved the Hotel David Beautiful breakfast room door

Beautiful place in the sun Visit to Saona Island

A dissappointing vacation to say the least A very disappointing experience. The hotel is huge and filled with conventions. We were put in the Los Olas section, which is run down, concrete walls chipping, wood railings rotted, and carpeting in the lobby of Los Olas was filthy. Our room had been remodeled and was very pretty, but someone had not cleaned properly. They were very accommodating and moved us to the Marina, a new building and new rooms.....very satisified until we checked into the room (the only one available, according to them) and our premium ocean view room was right over the major construction of a water park, Coqui, which started promptly at 8AM and went until 6PM with backhoes, etc. and way too much noise to even sit on our deck overlooking the ocean! The food was outrageously priced.....such as $9.00 for a KIDS hotdog or $14 for a cheeseburger......and the list goes on. Won't go back. People were very friendly, however! Oh, the night kayaking ($89 per person) was a huge disappointment. The lumenated kayaks were nothing more than a Halloween glow stick on the front and back of the boats! Lots of rowing in the dark to see a little bit of luminance in the water......

Almost perfect Fireplace and cozy chairs

Pretty good and fairly priced There no good reason not to stay at the Comfort Inn, since it's not bad at all and prices are reasonable for SF. The location itself is great if you want to see the greater SF area.When we arrived we could park our car next to the front door and were able to get the bags out easily (we parked it later).The check-in was fast and although the staff is not a happy bunch, they were courteous enough.The room on the 6th floor had a good view of the Bridge, which we ordered. Ours was at the end of the hall way next to a rather noisy ice machine, which could be heard in the room. It explained the 'do not unplug this machine' sign. I was tempted though.The beds were soft enough, the bath room was clean, but we found a sticky carpet near the window since somebody dropped a soda on it before us. We reported it, but it remained sticky for all three days.Parking in the hotel garage can be a bit challenging if you have anything over a compact. So be prepared.The hotel is in driving distance from scenic Lombard Street and in walking distance from the Bay (without steep hills).We founds lots of restaurants on Chestnut close by, many other motels can be found there as well. And we didn't skip Mel's diner on Lombard for a hearty breakfast.Sure, this place could be better. But the things we encountered were no biggies. We'd choose the Comfort Inn again when we go back to San Francisco. We had three good night's sleep.

Entertainment Staff were GREAT! fountain by main buffet

Basic hotel, great location Hotel de Gerstekorrel

great location We booked through a special advertised on travelzoo, due to the price, out stay was spot on. However, for the normal rate which is about twice as much as we paid - I would have reservations on the grand hyatt SF. The room was fine, basic but nice with a comfortable bed. Overall hotel amenities, were less than desirable. For one, there isn't a gift shop on site which means if you're thirsty, forgot stamps or want a snack - you have to leave the premises to find a drugstore, coffeeshop or the like. I travel quite a bit so the fact that I could not buy basics like bottled water without leaving the hotel was a first. Also, this appears to be a SF thing but the valet service costs a pretty penny. We opted not to rent a car because of this and since public transportation is readily available, we were fine. The location is fantastic - right in the midst of union square. In short - a suitable hotel in the perfect location.

Kids Suite Rocks! The single bed in the kids suite

Beautiful Views from the Quay West Spent one night here in October 2007, for a girls night away. There were 6 of us, and we were originally booked into a 2bdrm and a 1bdrm, but asked about the 3bdrm when we arrived. Although the 3bdrm is usually only available for a minimum of 2nts, they had one available, and the wonderful concierge was happy to book us in. He even gave us a tour of the 3bdrm vs the 2bdrm before we made up our minds...Well, the 3bdrm definitely won us over, as did the promise of access to the private swimming pool/sauna/spa. We had a great evening and no-one complained about the bedding.I'd recommend this hotel to anyone wanting good value with the MOST AMAZING views of Sydney harbour. We could see way out over the Heads and out to sea - 2 lots of fireworks went off on the harbour that night - what a treat!

Very handy for train travellers! If you travel in or out of Barcelona by train, no hotel is more handy! It is situated directly above the train station and entry to the hotel is via a lift (elevator) situated inside the station, (on north side of station ground level), but it's not as easy to find as it could be. The rooms have ADSL. Whilst they claim the rooms are soundproof, they are not; however, they are quiet. Lots of road works going on (6/07), but tour buses stop across the street and it's easy to get to main part of town if you have a map. Beds are not as cofortable as they could be. We fixed that by putting blankets under the sheet and then we were fine. Bathroom is large and bright enough to do makeup. Did not try inhouse restaurant, but lots of others did. They also have a car park in case you need it.

Very Nice Hotel My husband and I had a very nice stay at the Intercontinental in Singapore. The hotel is easily accessable, very presentable, all staff are extremely friendly and helpful, the piano bar is a very pleasant place to relax in the evenings and the rooms are all very nice with extensive views of the city.The only downside to this hotel was that internet access in the computer room in the lobby was not free for guests. There are cables in the rooms but we didnt have laptops on holiday.I would reccomend this hotel and would go back again.

What a DIVE! The best thing I can say about this hotel is that it was pretty centrally located. Reading the other descriptions, I wonder how this could be the same hotel we stayed in. There were six of us at this hotel for four nights. We had three separate rooms. The first day we watched a roach walk along the hallway to our rooms. The beds were NOT good (as someone mentioned). They squeaked, and were thin, and soft. The rooms were exceedingly small, and the bathrooms even smaller. Only one person could fit in our bathroom at one time. The shower was so small that there was no way to even bendover in it. The bathroom was very simply remodeled with tile and a new sink..But the faucet was so close to the back of the sink, that it was hard to wash one's hands. The noise level from the restaurant next door..or whatever that was..kept us up at night. In one of the other rooms that two of our group was staying in, they could hear cats crying outside. at night. There is one very, very small elevator that sometimes didn't work. The staff working there seemed nice. That was a plus. tHowever, we all couldn't get over just how cheap the rooms were. Even the towels were small and rough. The outside of the hotel looks fine, and the lobby is okay too, but the rooms are the worst we've ever stayed in. This should not be rated as a three star. If this is what three stars are like in Miami Beach, , I hate to see what a two star would be like! As to the hotel being called a Suite Hotel, none of us could figure how they can get away with that title. The rooms were way to small to fit anything but a bed and a very small table. There was a decent closet in the room. I usually do not write reviews, but I just felt I had to let people know about this one! If you don't care about anything but just having a place to sleep, this hotel would be okay..But the rooms are really not up to what one would expect in a three star hotel.

This is THE place to stay in London This fantastic hotel is located a 5min walk down Millbank (Thames Walk) from the Houses of Parliament and Westminster Bridge. After a 'hiccup' on arrival (our Club Room wasn't ready at 3:15pm), we were upgraded to a junior suite (13th floor) - beautiful views over Thames/H of P (St.Paul's Tower) and Westminster Abbey (all floodlit at night).Hotel was beautifully decorated (minimilist/contemporary yet very comfortable); rooms were immaculate and modern and again comfortable. Bed was highest quality.But it was the attention to detail and helpfullness of the staff that rates this hotel. They are great. Professional; customer service oriented to a fault; and friendly.The 1st floor lounge was a bit noisy (music) and difficult to talk over. Restaurant on the main floor was beautiful, service was excellent and the food was 5Star. I would however give afternoon tea in the first floor lounge a miss, as it comprised of two scones that were inedible (rock hard), and service was a hit and miss (enthusiastic, but obviously in training). All other meals - breakfast/dinner in restaurant - excellent value.We booked this hotel because of the excellent reviews on TRIPADVISOR.COM (there are other hotels in the vicinity that we deliberately didn't book because of the comments on this website). We previously have had 2 very bad experiences with central London Hotels (4Star ones), but our stay at the CITYINN, WESTMINSTER has restored our faith in quality service at a central London Hotel. We will be staying at this hotel on our future trips to London. We would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting London for its attention to customer service; fantastic location; excellent and highest quality of fixtures/fitting in rooms and great restaurant/cafe.

lovely boutique-style hotel; wonderful views I chose this hotel based on its proximity to the French Market, Fiorella's, and Jackson Square; its status as a quaint historic property; and its views. In all of these areas I was completely satisfied with my stay, especially for the cost ($145 per night).By booking directly by phone, my parents and I were able to get a room with a balcony; we wound up in building five with a lovely shared balcony looking out onto Decatur. The balcony, which one has to climb out the window to access, was the best part of the room. In the lovely May weather we were able to sit outside and people-watch while we chatted and drank margaritas. The room itself was not new, which is to be expected based on the descriptions of the property--it was clean, however, and filled with antiques and furniture that was somewhat scuffed. We laughed that nothing in the room--from the prints on the walls to the large mirror on the wall to the actual air conditioner vent--hung straight. For us this was not a problem. We considered these aspects part of the hotel's charms, yet for others this may not be ideal. The staff on hand was very helpful and polite, and parking, I felt, was a steal: valet parking for $18 per night. That's good for the French Quarter.I wholeheartedly recommend this hotel for those looking for a quaint, affordable stay on this end of the French Quarter. With those criteria in mind, I have absolutely no complaints!

Nice Hotel, Nothing Special This is nice enough hotel, but there is nothing special about it. We were upgraded to a higher floor after complaining about the smell in our first room. Same room, just a higher floor with no bad smell. The bathroom was clean. The cleaning service was fine. I don't really have any complaints about the hotel. I just expected a lot since it was rated so highly on this web site. I don't think it was worth the extra money we paid. I think we could have gotten just as nice a room for less. It is in a good location.

Great friendly hotel I have stayed in London on business a few times in the last few years, but this hotel has been the best. It's modern, stylish and very well equipped e.g DVD CD players, free internet connection, and unlike a lot of older style London hotels everything works well- even the plumbing. Public areas are pleasant and comfortable (and free wi-fi), staff service exceptionally friendly and helpful, bar and restaurant both of good standard. Location is great too - 5-10 minutes walk to Westminster Abbey and the Houses of Parliament, and 2 minutes to the Tate British. Also close to Victoria Station and Bus Station. Can't think of any negatives - room service was excellent and prompt. Perhaps the bathrooms are a little small, and it might be nice to have a bath, but I didn;t really miss it, and the shower worked better than most.

Highly recommended We stayed at the Argonaut in August 2004. The hotel was beautiful - enormous room, fabulously comfy bed, all fixtures and fitting seemed brand new. It is perfectly sited for Fishermans Wharf and it really felt like a luxurious hotel including complimentary wine around 5pm each evening. We arrived from our long haul flight quite late in the evening, our first visit ever to the west coast and we got a really warm reception that set our holiday off on the right note. Only downside for us was that our deal booked over the internet did not included breakfast... the Argonaut have a restaurant - the blue mermaid - where you buy breakfast and this worked out quite expensive for us. Would strongly advise you book a rate with breakfast included. That aside, we would definitely stay there again.

A magical experience We very recently had a weekend break at Casa Camper with some good friends to celebrate a birthday. It was the best hotel experience any of us have ever had. I had asked for a bottle of Cava to be waiting in our friends room and not only had they remembered to do this (chilling in an ice bucket, ofcourse) but they had also made a small birthday cake with candle and left a lovely note for her. The hotel is ultra modern and very stylish - but somehow manages to have a real warmth about it. The 24/7 food was fantastic (the cooked breakfast was superb) and because all the food is included in the price, it really made it very good value. It is exceptionally child friendly yet child-free couples would love it also. I can't imagine staying anywhere else if we visit Barcelona again. At one point, sitting on their roof terrace with a view of the rooftops of the city, sipping chilled wine and tasting their delicious snacks we tried to invent a new holiday game - If you could improve one thing about this hotel... what would it be? and we were all lost for ideas. It is as if the owners have brain stormed everything people look for in a hotel and then gone on to make it happen. The only suggestion I can think of is... we need one in every city!

An underwhelming experience We originally booked into the Hotel New Amsterdam (having found it on Tripadvisor) but received an email a few months later apologising that they were being refurbished and explaining that they had moved our booking to the Times Hotel instead.The Hotel is in an excellent location - on one of Amsterdams three main canals - Herengracht. It is within easy walking distance of the grand central station where you can pick up the canal bus and tour the city by water and also within walking distance of various museums. Or you can just meander along the canal and simply enjoy the beautiful architecture. So... location great.The hotel was clearly recently refurbished - a nice clean interior. The reception is very modern - bright red furnishing and white walls. It also houses the breakfast area, which is fairly small and very open plan. So open plan that if, like us, you are seated near the front door, it can get very draughty with people coming and going, and you do feel a bit on display whilst you eat. Breakfast was disappointing - the croissant were clearly a few days old, the choice of bread and jams limited, the choice of cereal also very limited. There was ham and hard boiled eggs but, all in all, had breakfast not been included in our room rate, we would definitely have eaten out at a cafe on the 2nd morning.Our twin room was very small indeed. It had two single beds pushed right next to each other (not enough room to leave a space in between) and a wardrobe. That was all the room could take - the TV was a slimline version mounted on the wall (absolutely no room for it to have been on the floor). You could just about walk around the two beds. It felt even smaller because the facing wall was covered in a massive mural of an enlarged van gogh painting. Very bright and innovative but somewhat overpowering in a tiny room. The bathroom, however, was spotless with a very effective shower. The service was not brilliant - I asked for advice on restaurants and was underwhelmed with the response. When I tried again and asked for the best area to walk to for a selection of restaurants I got a disinterested you will find restaurants anywhere type of response. So, it was clean and well finished and the location was great. But I would definitely try somewhere else if I return to Amsterdam because for the price we had a very average hotel experience.

Value, Location, and Great Service! 4 families in our party for a San Franciso-area wedding. I booked for 2 of us by checking the Expedia/Travelocity rates...then, took advantage of Kimpton's website guarantee to match low rates and top with a free room upgrade. We got Jefferson King suites facing courtyard...each suite is 2 large, high-ceilinged rooms with good-size bath and 6' tub. Tons of seating, honor bar mini-fridge, 2 TVs...amazingly comfy bed. Other 2 families in our group booked elsewhere for less square footage at twice the price.July heatwave, but we had A/C (admittedly, it struggled a bit for the 2 large rooms, but not uncomfortable.) Hotel is older, but has been updated with new carpet, paint, wallpaper, and upholstery...spotless throughout.PERFECT location...you can walk to theatres, Union Square, Chinatown, or Civic Ctr area...even Embarcadero. North Beach (uphill) is a little stretch, but streetcars and cable cars are within a block or two for Fisherman's Wharf, etc. Try Lefty O'Douls on Geary for a great hot breakfast under $7.Maids, concierge, desk clerk...even maintenance guy...all VERY friendly and just like family to us. Continental bkfst is $6.50 if you want the cereal/juice/pastries, but coffee hot tea is free. Free wine and focaccia bread from 5-6pm...even book reviews onsite each Wednesday. EXCELLENT service...I would not think of staying elsewhere unless another Kimpton in the same area if this one is booked.

a review from "normal" people! Arrival - After a horrible trip that included a fog delay and loss of luggage (we were NOT impressed with Sunquest/Skyservice), we arrived in Punta Cana after dark. Everything we had heard about the road from the airport is true and much more. It is the worst and such a long ride (longer in the dark it seems). We were so relieved to find this beautiful resort at the end of the day. We had cold towels and champagne in our hands immediately upon stepping off the bus. Check in went very smoothly, although we had a bit of trouble navigating around the resort in the dark.Rooms - We originally were in room 2623. This was a very clean, somewhat small room. It had everything one could possibly need, including a spectacular ocean view off the balcony. We later upgraded to a suite (7314). This was a beautiful room with double balcony with jacuzzi tub on the balcony. There is a living room, bedroom with plasma TV, huge bathroom area with walk-in closet. The housekeeping service was excellent, always clean and supplies always restocked. Turn down service includes soft music playing, bed turned down, chocolates, etc. There is nothing like it to make you feel pampered.Restaurants - We tried all the restaurants and they were all good. We never had any stomach troubles at all (that's a first!!). The buffet was never too crowded we found at any time of day. The a la cartes had a no reservation policy which sometimes made for a long wait if you were hungry! But if the wait was going to be too long, we were off to the buffet. Our favorites were the shrimp martini at El Patio and the chocolate mouse at Bourdeaux - to die forBars - There was always a friendly face ready to serve you behind the bar. Premium brand drinks, lots of variety....what more could you ask for? If you couldn't decide what to have, any of the bartenders always had a recommendation.Beach and Pools - It was always a bit windy at the beach, so aside from chewing a bit of sand, the beach was beautiful. There are big palm trees as well as shelters for shade, and the sand is beautiful fine powder. The pool is definitely the drawing card for this resort. There are none like it anywhere! It just goes on and on and there are plenty of floaties to hop on and float away the day. The only thing is, this place definitely plays the towel game. Since there are no towel cards, people can pick up 6 towels and leave them at various places at the beach and pool. We saw SO many prime spots that were basically unoccupied for hours and hours, but with towels on the chairs. We're just not sure how to remedy this problem since someone will always start this towel game - towel cards or not.Grounds - The grounds are immaculate and very well maintained.Activities - There are any number of activities one can choose to do here. There were a couple of days that an activity was listed on the daily newssheet, but it never happened. Not sure what this was all about, but it was not too big of a deal for us.Tours - We did not take any tours this time. We hired a cab and went to Plaza Bavarro one day (did I mention that Skyservice lost our luggage?). This is quite a large mall, but with the same old stuff as always - cheapy, cheapy and lots of work bartering..Conclusion - I would definitely recommend this resort to anyone. We would probably not go back, just because it is far away from anything and the road is just SO bad. We felt it was just too much travelling time to do anything off resort. The locals say that it will take maybe four or five years to finish the new road from the airport to the resort, we we would try again then. The resort itself is spectacular, and just the right size. As always, we were amazed by the Dominican people - such a happy, friendly, beautiful people.

Lovely hotel We enjoyed our recent four day trip to Barcelona. Other reviewers here have already praised the hotel and we thoroughly agree. We'd like to add a little about practicalities.We arrived at El Prat and took the Aerobus into Barcelona at each. The buses run every 10 mins or so and you need the stop Place Catalunya. Then walk back along the Gran Via de la Cortes Catelan in the direction of Place d'Espanya and you will find the hotel on your right.We did not use the hotel bar or restaurant (other than breakfast - very good indeed), instead we took a bus (No 59 right outside the hotel) to the port where there is a huge selection of fresh fish restaurants - menu of the day starts at each. The last No 59 bus comes back at 22.30, or there is a night bus, N9. The single fare is but we bought a T-10 ticket from the machine just inside the underground at l'Universitat for which allows 10 trips and can be shared between 2 people over a number of days.The Place Catalunya is about 10 mins stroll from the hotel and has a very large, efficient tourist office (below ground but well sign posted). We bought a two day ticket for each on the Bus Touristic - these buses follow three different routes and you can hop on and off as much as you like over the two day period; there is also an audio facility in several languages.Others have commented that the hotel can be noisy - we had a room at the side and it was OK for us. The rooms are air conditioned and have a free safety deposit box and amini-fridge, which we used for our own water. The bed was very large and more comfortable than ours at home; the bathroom has a wet room - lovely. The rooms and public areas are very clean. The staff are very helpful, courteous and professional.

A warm welcome View from the door, of the living/dining room and through to bathroom

Look forward to a return stay Convenient, comfortable, friendly, clean - and the clam chowder in the restaurant is the best I've ever had anywhere! I look forward to the next stay!

Great Hotel We have just returned from a 4 night stay in this lovely little hotel. The staff were pleasant and helpful, our room faced the front, was light and airy with a super bathroom. Breakfast with English newspapers - what a good way to start the day! Just round the corner from the Arc, couldnt be better, but be careful when you exit the nearby Metro as all the roads look alike!. Watch the traffic on the Arc - its great fun - crazy but amazing! Have found a new respect for French drivers. L'Essentiale Restaurant nearby a great find. Also restaurant opposite L'Essentiale serves wonderful fish and chips (English style) and you will also be entertained by a magician during your meal. Used our museum and metro passes to visit Versailles which was helpful. A great few days.

Great stay! The service was top notch. The hotel is right on the Arno river, a short walk from everything in Florence. The room was huge and beautifully decorated. I would highly recommend this hotel. I was able to reserve through Starwood which was very convenient.

Fantastic hotel We have just got back from NYC and this hotel is perfect for a short break. It has a fantastic location right in the centre of times square which is great as empire state, rockerfeller, fifth avenue and macy's are all in walking distance. We had no problems with the elevators, the longest wait being about 5 minutes. There are two starbucks in the hotel which open extremely early and are fantastic for that early morning thirst!We ate in the revolving view restaurant which was okay - the food was good but extremely fussy and there was only a limited choice on the pre-theatre menu. It was a good experience but unless you are celebrating something special it isn't worth the $65 price tag for 2 courses (that's without drinks!) The bar menu on the 8th floor is much better (the potato skins are fab!) and you still get a good view of times square.The rooms are large and the beds are extremely comfortable. We had a standard room and our friends had a corner room which was supposed to be larger but we couldn't really see much difference. We were on the 25th floor and didn't hear any noise at all from the street. Our friends on the 14th floor also said their room was generally quiet but the whistles of the concierge calling taxi's started early and could be heard in their room.If you want to do any of the themed tours such as the sex and the city tour, movie loaction tour or the soprano's tour then book before you go as both were full for our entire 5 day trip. The hotel does have a small office on the 8th floor that will book trips but they only accept cash, travellers cheques or american express - no other credit cards.

Marco is the man Close to the airport...at times the air traffic is close...you can let it annoy you or just sit back and watch those big planes take off and land. The ambience surrounding the hotel is very tropical, and nice, the pool is very nice. The Pool bar is great, on the weekend, Marco is the bartender. He is very knowledgeable and very friendly. He may not toss bttles over his head, but he can mix a mojito to die for. Marco is the main reason we are rebooked for this november.The rooms are nice and air traffic is not an issue inside the hotel, indeed you could be on an island miles form nowhere. PS. The birds are a hoot!!!

Not a good hotel for families with young children Our overall experience was very positive, I must say, even though it is not the most friendly hotel for families with young children.The hotel location is priviledged - next to Paseo de Gracia, Las Ramblas, the port. The breakfast is superb - very varied and delicious (although the tortillas de patata were frozen!). The rooms are clean and comfortable and the shower is good.The negative points are the parking - very badly designed, difficult to manouver. The room service doesn't work 24 hours - actually it is very inefficient. Some staff are very unfriendly - mainly the ladies at the bar/restaurant and breakfast. On the other hand Javier, Esther and Gabriel are very helpful and sweet. The staff is not well prepared to give recommendations e.g. for places to eat. I was looking for a vegetarian or organic restaurant to get something healthy for my 16-month-old daughter to eat (it is very difficult to find non-fried food in Spain or boiled vegetables, for example) and was recommended a chain called Fresc Co but Javier really tried hard to find more restaurants but the thing is that it seems they are not familiarized with the concept of healthy food, which people working in the tourism industry should be. As a personal tip, f you're really hungry at 3am in Barcelona, I recommend you try Bagoa at Plaza Doctor Letamendi (not far from the hotel) and their jamon canario, delicious! La Bodegeta, suggested by the hotel, closes at 1:30am.Finally, my impression from the hotel was that it was renovated recently but it was only a facade renovation - you can see the furniture in the rooms is old, for example.

eh... beautiful facility, ok service, too many New Yorkers We arrived just before the President's Day Holiday -- although the physical location is wonderful, it is a hike from some of the villas to the pools or restaurants. A tram that is supposed to run on a regular basis doesn't...ah yes, island time.The good -- the location/beach rooms were spacious with comfortable beds, luxurious bathrooms Bar service (with tipping) resulted in excellent service with many premium brands available.The good -- childrens programs kept kids occupied with a range of activitiesThe bad -- upscale restaurants were totally booked or taking reservations at 10pm (fine for us, not fine for families)There was even a sign on the concierge desk that stated that restuarants were fully booked until further notice. Interesting concept since you're not supposed to be able to book reservations until you arrive on the property!The bad -- New Yorkers everywhere who wanted things NOW.People claiming poolside cabanas who never appeared to use them. It's a quick direct flight to SJU from all the metro airports -- that's good and bad.The ok -- food generally was ok -- buffets had some variety. Service was adequate, but uninspired.Casino was small but never crowed while I was thereAll in all, for an all-inclusive we didn't pay for (company trip) it was alright but I would not spend my own $$ there. There are better choices but at the time we were there, it was the only all-inclusive on the island. I've heard that other Sol-Melia resorts (such as Costa Rico) are far, far better.

What a view + great location + helpful staff = a happy guest one last night view

Coral Lovers go Dom. Rep. LTI now known as Vik Group Hotel. My husband and I have just spent 4 weeks at this very pleasant hotel, returning to the U.K. on 16th December 2008. The hotel was fine, perhaps a little tired. The beach, weather, hotel staff and service! We have no complaints.We had a lovely holiday, all in all. We also met some lovely people, ciao! Antonio e Salvatore, We have read some reviews on this hotel and we wonder if we have been to the same hotel some other people have reviewed. We found the staff at this hotel to be excellent. The food in the main buffet was also very good. We have visited virtually every island in the Caribbean and found this island and this hotel comparable to any other.

Great Location, be aware of current renovations Beautiful St Louis Cathedral

Just as advertised This is a good mid-range hotel. The bedroom was decent sized and clean, if a little under lit (dark) inside. The bathroom was small, with a tiny shower. We are average sized people and if one of you sits on the toilet, your elbow touches the glass of the shower stall. When you are in the shower, you have to turn off the water between shampooing your hair and soaping your body, because there is no room to move, to get out of the spray of the shower while in the glass enclosure. The pool area could use a little upkeep and landscape work, but the pool itself was clean. All that being said, the front desk people were extremely nice and eager to please. Breakfast was pretty good with a selection of hot and cold items to choose from. The hotel is well located. 2 blocks from the train station and about 1 mile from the Accademie and Uffizi Gallery. There is a good, moderately priced pizza/pasta restaurant almost across the street from the hotel. The hotel's own restaurant was ok, but kind of high priced for the type of restaurant it is.

I really shouldn't share..... If everyone finds out about this place, it will be too hard to make reservations for future visits. It really is a dream. Very charming, clean and the staff is top notch! We especially love the little breakfast with the jam filled croissants that are to die for, served by the cutest little old woman. We stayed in room # 5 with a private balcony overlooking one of the small canals. It was very relaxing sitting on the balcony on a quiet evening listening to the city settling in for the night. We will be back again as soon as possible!

Had a relaxing time at Paradisus My husband and I just returned from the Paradisus we were there from May 20-27th and had a great time. This is our 2nd time at the hotel we had been in Oct. 2003 for our honeymoon. This time around we had the Royal Service and I think it was okay but for us not really worth the extra money, I think really what you are paying for is the better room. I LOVED our room building 19 room 1195 it was an ocean view which was great. With the Royal Service you have your choice of pillows and when I called for pillows he wanted they didnt have any and also they ran out of beach towels for the Royal Service however I did enjoy the use of the computers and the a/c breakfast. We had perfect weather all 7 days and the beach was amazing we loved the swim up bars and the food was okay you are in a different country so its NOT the food you are used to eating at home. We did not do any of the tours this time around but we did back in 2003 we did the atv's and that was great and we did the speed boats and that was fun to and we also swam with the dolphins and that was okay. I would recommend doing the atv tour out of all of them it was a blast. Everyone was very friendly the workers and all the people we met on the trip. I would recommend the Paradisus its clean and the grounds are amazing. feel free to contact me if you have any questions

Loved Every Minute Pool Beds

Spectacular My Minneapolis flight came in very late and I booked a stay instead of driving over an hour home at midnight.What a beautiful hotel. It is easy to find through a catwalk at the airport. They also provde a shuttle if you dont want to walk.In the lobby there is a nice pub and all business amenities.The room is absolutely beautiful, new furniture, updated, with a pretty view of the airport and water.In the morning, I went to the health club. There are towels, a locker room, a lap pool and updated equipment. TV's were everywhere to offer distraction and individual TV's on each machine.I am a Silver Hilton member and I was immediately offered services of the members lounge, even though its usually for Gold or Platinum members. there was complimentary breakfast, newspapers, magazines, concierge and another business center. Beautiful setting.The staff were all excellent and to be commended for their attention to detail.I have been in many Hiltons due to business and this was absolutely the best. I will definitely go back, and my thanks for a wonderful stay.

Not impressed I attended a 5 day conference onsite sponsored by an employer. I travel quite a bit on business so I can compare offerings and expectations. There is no complimentary transportation from the airport, so prepare to pay either a towncar or Super shuttle both ways. Expensive and not expected for a large resort hosting business conventions on a regular basis. Internet is not free either and charged daily, whether you need basic or VPN. It was an extra $75 charge for me. Although the resort adverstises many restaurants, only two were open. There was nothing inexpensive and I paid $17 for a cheeseburger. The resort is not within walking distance of anything, so I paid a hotel employee through the conceirge service to take me to the closest supermarket and pharmacy. He was very nice and waited for me so I could get reasonably priced snacks and drinks for the week. The rooms were fabulous with terraces, nice two room suites and plenty of room. There was a mini bar in my suite with typical minibar prices.The elegant restaurant at the top of the hill was wonderful, attentive staff, nice food and a shuttle to your room. Beautiful view. That was a bonus. Another interesting point, I had a very early departure one morning so I went to the desk and settled my bill the night before. When I pulled up my bill a week later, there was an additonal minibar charge of over $50------ If I had not called, my employer would have paid for that or given me a lot of grief about some thing I didnt do. To their credit, there was no argument and I was told the charge would come off right away.So, it was a 50/50 kind of trip. All right but not great. Really too bad.

EXCELLENT! Just returned from this hotel a couple hours ago and just wanted to come on here and say all the bad reviews must be for a different hotel as myself and the rest of my party found absolutely nothing to complain about during our two week stay.We stayed in block 5 on the ground floor which had a perfect location - in the centre of everything, but far enough away from Sneakers disco so we couldn't hear it at night. The rooms themselves could do with a lick of paint here and there but overall they do the job for the amount of time you spend in the room. Maid service everyday, fresh towels everyday, bed linen changed every couple days. We had 4 cockroaches in the room over the course of two weeks which is nothing really. Bathroom is simple and could do with updating, but our shower worked and was nice and hot so no complaints. The food in the resort was extremely varied and all very high quality. Windows the main buffet restaurant has a different theme night every night (Spanish, Dominican, Italian, Gala, Beach Party, Mexican and International) and the food within each theme is so varied - how anyone can not find something they like is beyond me. Every night there is a pasta station with various types of pasta and sauces - all delicious and freshly cooked in front of you. Breakfast is again a buffet, containing various breads and cold meats, cereals, hot items such as eggs, bacon, sausage as well as cakes, muffins, doughnuts etc. You can also create your own omlette which is made to your liking - very tasty!Beach restaurant offered more of a snack based service - rice, salads, cold pasta, chips etc. With a snack bar just outside cooking fresh burgers and hot dogs - just be careful to check your burger is cooked thoroughly before you eat it.We visited 4 of the 5 a la carte restaurants and enjoyed them all.Aqua (the main restaurant for the Bavaro Suites) is amazing! I swear that my meal there was the nicest meal I've ever had, not just on the holiday but in my whole life!D'Mario's Italians was really nice too, good range of pastas and pizzas as well as several types of meat. We visited there twice as we enjoyed it so much. On our second visit we found the service quite slow but not slow enough to make a complaint.The Tex-Mex American Grill was also an enjoyable night however the service in there was extremely slow, it took us over two hours to eat our 3 courses. The food however was very enjoyable, with a wide variety of choice.The fish restaurant on the beach side was also enjoyable, they have a great range of fish available but also a non-fish meat for those who don't enjoy seafod. Yes you do have to pay extra for lobster but there is so many other choices to select from that there is no reason to bring this up as an issue.The bars are scattered right through the resort, you're never too far away from the rum and cocktails. We spent most of our nights either at the beach side bar or the backstage bar, where they have quite an extensive cocktail menu that they can customise for you (change Rum for Vodka etc.). Every night there is a different show in the theatre, we only saw one (The Micheal Jackson show) which was really good and entertaining. We used two of the resort's pools - the main one and the adult pool. We found the main pool extremely loud and busy so we found the adult pool a fantasic haven - this is not a negative of the main pool it simply wasn't what we were looking for, but it would be great for fun loving families and children. The adult pool was perfect for us, we were able to lounge by the pool on sunbeds which were always readily available as the area was so quiet. There was often some kids who invaded the pool but staff were quick to remove them. The adult pool bar is where we found our favourite staff member Nicholas - he is amazing and deserves a pay rise! He brought us drinks in and around the pool without even having to be asked, we just kept tipping him a few dollars every day and we seemed to become his favourite customers!As for excursions I highly recommend every trip we went on; Tropical Sunset, Reef Explorer (it's about 30ft away from the hotel, not travel necessary!), Saona Island and the Monster Truck Safari. If you do go on the Monster Trucks take some gifts for the children of the DR and Haiti as they come up to the truck and you visit a school. Many people on our trip simply took the hotel's toiletries and the children loved it - it's a very eye opening trip! A few times a week some vendors come into the resort and set up stalls throughout the site. It is a little annoying but it's also quite fun and interesting. They sell all DR produce - Rum, Cigars, paintings, jewellery, clothes, ornaments etc. and and definitely flexible on their prices so always haggle! Some give you free gifts just for looking. It's good to compare rock bottom prices with the stall vendors and the shops within the resort as there is often a severe price difference.One tip I would give for anyone visiting this hotel would be to take effective insect repellent. I came away from the resort with a very high number of mosquito bites, mostly on my ankles and feet. We were told when we arrived that you can purchase insect repellent patches (similar to a nicotine patch) that I would definitely buy if I returned to the DR.Overall I highly recommend this hotel to anyone, we had an amazing holiday and I'm sure you would to if you went.

Off the Mark First, the positive. This hotel is in a great location for visiting all Dallas has to offer. The front desk staff/valet/concierge are very polite and eager to please. We chose this property for the location, outdoor pool and overall reputation of Rosewood. I wished I would've picked a different hotel. First of all, the pool is advertised as being outdoors, but heated so you can swim in it. My children couldn't tolerate it and it felt like it was not heated at all . With temps in the 70's it needed to be. I felt the hotels website was misleading and we wouldn't have stayed there knowing how cold and unswimmable it was. The only time we ate breakfast we felt robbed! I know this is a 5 star property, but our order was messed up, soggy bacon, $6.50 for a cup of coffee and an $80 bill with 2 out of the 4 being from the kids menu. Nothing was exceptional. Three of us got the omelet which was good and I had french toast which was really good, but not that good! Anyway, turn down service was nice, but by 8 o'clock one night we came back to our rooms ready to put the kids down and it hadn't been done. Just a minor thing, but you would think they would know to do it early with a room with children. Also, the bathroom facet was loose and the toilet paper holder was looking as if it needed some TLC. Never did find the ice machine, but I think that is what keep us up part of one night. The doors to the rooms slam shut as well so everytime someone goes in and out you hear it. The coffee and tea are nice in the lobby, but what wouldn't been great is to have a coffee maker in the room! I will end on another positive note, the bottled water at the bedside was very nice.

Magnifique Located two blocks from Pont Neuf and the Seine, Hotel D'Aubusson is Paris -- lovely, quiet, and tres elegant. The staff are warm and extremely helpful, guiding us to excellent area restaurants that were not too touristy, and helping set up a mini-van tour to Giverney, where the flowers were in full bloom ( a side trip well worth taking during the spring). Our room, while expensive, was worth the money. It was spacious by European standards, exceptionally well maintained and clean, and very comfortable. In the evenings, small groups gathered to listen to live jazz in the bar. Free internet connection is also available. The area is terrific, in every direction there's everything you could ask for - museums, cafes, shopping, markets, Ile de la Cite, the Louvre, the Seine, Jardin du Luxembourg, just to name a few. We can't wait to return to Paris and stay at this exceptional hotel.

P-E-R-F-E-C-T Vacation First of all, my Husband and I are in our early 60s and this was our first trip to Punta Cana, as well as our first time at an all-inclusive resort. We booked our trip (8/13 through Liberty Travel (Kimberly Scharf) in St. James, NY. We had direct non-stop flights on American Airlines from JFK.ARRIVAL: We arrived at the Majestic at approximately 4:00PM and were personally greeted with an icy cold Majestic and welcomed by Annemarie (who is a very sweet and lovely young lady) at the check-in counter. She made sure we made our dinner reservations at LeGourmet (French) and Matsuri (Teppanyaki) before she personally escorted us to our room (#2127) was one of the four room choices we had originally requested). Upon entering our room, we found a Welcome Platter and a Bottle of Champagne on the table to welcome us. That personal touch made us feel special right from the start.ROOM: We were in a Majestic Junior Suite (which is a Ground Floor Swim-Out Suite) in Building #2 along the Swimming Pool, directly across the Pool from the Spa. Our room was in the middle of the resort (between the Lobby and the Beach) where it is quieter. This room category is Adults Only. Our room had a slightly musty odor (which is common in the Caribbean), but Lysol Spray took care of that in a very short time. The room was large and very clean. The air conditioning was very comfortable and the ceiling fan circulated the cool air throughout the room. We took the advice from prior TA Reports and brought two of our own flat rubber stoppers (for the jacuzzis) and an automatic night light (which we placed in the outlet by the sink). We also brought RAID Flying Insect Spray with us to spray our room each day for any mosquitoes that may have gotten into the room, but we never had a problem.ROOM SERVICE: They have a very limited menu, but on several occasions we found the Club Sandwiches for lunch while relaxing on our private terrace to be very good, along with a bottle of Presidente from our mini-bar, which was fully stocked daily.TAP WATER: Do NOT drink or use tap water to brush your teeth or to rinse your mouth or toothbrush. We used only Bottled Water and had NO problems. Be sure to keep your mouth closed and be careful not to swallow any water while showering.SUNSCREEN: We brought SPF-60, 45, 30 and 15 along with us. We both started with SPF-60 on the first day and got very little color. My husband (who is obviously smarter than me) continued to use SPF-60 throughout our entire stay and came home with a nice golden tan. I, on the other hand, thought I knew better, and decided to step down to SPF-45 on the second day and ended up burning rather badly on my chest and arms blisters and all. Only you know how badly you will burn in a very strong sun VERY CAREFUL.BEACH OCEAN: The beach is absolutely gorgeous with soft white powdery sand. There were always plenty of palapas and lounges on the beach to relax in the shade. The ocean was always calm and crystal clear during our entire stay. The water temperature was very warm (at least 85 degrees).SWIMMING POOL: There were also plenty of palapas and lounges in the various areas around the Pool. The Pool was always very clean and warm (sometimes actually too warm and more like a bath). Be sure to bring your own Pool Float(s) with you to float around on as the resort does NOT provide them.BARSWET BAR (Swim-Up Bar): This bar is located near the Beach end of the Swimming Pool. They serve drinks on the Pool side (as a Swim-Up Bar) as well as on the Land side where they have several tables chairs. Be sure to say Maximo at the Wet Bar (on the Swim-Up side). He is the one who is always smiling and saying Everyone seems to love him and when you meet him, you will definitely know why.BEACH BAR: This bar is located in the center of La Hispaniola which is located in the Palapa Hut on the Beach.LOBBY BAR: This bar is located in the lower Lobby and is a gathering place from 5:00PM Whether it be a cocktail before dinner or a night cap after dinner, be sure to say Pedro and Alejandro, who are both a lot of fun and make great Dirty Monkeys and Mojitos.PIANO BAR: This bar is located in the upper Lobby. They have live piano music in the evening. Be sure to say Roberto. He is also a great guy.PLAZA BAR: This bar is located outside in front of the Buffet Supreme. They have live music in the evening with plenty of tables to sit at while relaxing with your favorite beverage.CASINO: The casino is small, but not too small to have a little fun in after dinner. There are 3 or 4 tables and about 20 slot machines ($.01 - $.05 - $.25). The casino also has a small bar to the left as you enter.RESTAURANTSBUFFET SUPREME: This restaurant is located adjacent to the lower Lobby. The only meal we ate at the Buffet was a huge breakfast each morning, which is my favorite meal and which we both enjoyed very much. They had several different food stations: Omelettes Eggs Toast Fruit Fruit Smoothies They also had a buffet table with bacon (the best I ever had), ham, sausage, etc. You will find practically anything you could possibly want at this buffet. The Chocolate Croissants are to die for.LA HISPANIOLA: This restaurant is located in the Palapa Hut on the Beach. It serves a continental breakfast in the late morning and lunch and afternoon snacks during the day. (In the evening, this restaurant becomes the Steak/Seafood Restaurant, which is separated by the Beach Bar, for dinner.) We ate lunch here a few times and found the Pasta Station to be the best choice. They had several different kinds of freshly cooked Pasta (cooked in front of you) along with 3 different Sauces (Tomato Sauce Sauce Sauce). I tried all 3 Sauces and they were all very good. My husband also had a Panini Sandwich one day for lunch and he liked it very much.LE GOURMET (French): This restaurant is located in the lower Lobby and is Adults Only. The food and service were both excellent. choices: Filet of Beef Snapper We both had the Filet of Beef which was very tender and very good. The only thing we did not care for was the spice used in the gravy served on top of the filet. It was a rather strong-tasting spice that was unfamiliar to us.MATSURI (Teppanyaki): This restaurant is located in the lower Lobby and has two separate rooms (each room seats 12 people) around a Teppanyaki grill. choices: Filet Mignon Each person is allowed to choose 2 out of 4 choices. Since there were 2 of us, we ordered all 4 choices to share between us and each of us got to taste a little of everything. Our was served with Fried Rice. Everything was superb and we also enjoyed the Teppanyaki unique presentation.TRES CARABELAS (Seafood): This restaurant is located in the Palapa Hut on the Beach. A few small tables overlook the pool. choices: Grilled Lobster Snapper Shrimp. We ate dinner here 3 times. We had Grilled Lobster 2 or 3 times and each time it was cooked to perfection tender and very tasty. My husband also had the Garlic Shrimp and he enjoyed that very much as well.RODEO STEAK HOUSE (Steak): This restaurant is also located in the Palapa Hut on the Beach. It is separated from Tres Carabelas (Seafood) by the Beach Bar. choices: Chateaubriand Chops We ate dinner here 2 times and each time we enjoyed the Chateaubriand with Bearnaise Sauce served on the side. Both times the Filet was very tender and juicy and cooked exactly the way we ordered it RARE.LA BODEGUITA DEL MAJESTIC: This is a late-night Snack Bar and is open from 11:00PM It is located on Caribbean Street near the Casino and Sports Bar. My husband had the Deep Fried Hot Wings and Nachos with Cheese several times and he enjoyed them both.CONCLUSION: We both had a wonderful and memorable vacation in Punta Cana and look forward to returning to the Majestic in the very near future. We found the resort to be very clean and beautiful, our accommodations to be very comfortable, the dining choices to be numerous and the food quality to be far more than acceptable (based on US (Northeast) standards). The Dominican people are extremely hard-working. Most of them work 16-hour days and as many as 12 consecutive days (or even more) before getting 2 or 3 days off. Some of them actually live at the resort and away from their families because it is too long a distance for them to commute on a daily basis. We found the Dominican people to be some of the friendliest and nicest class of people we have ever had the privilege or pleasure of meeting while on vacation. Instead of feeling like strangers in a foreign country (which is what we really were) always felt welcome and like we belonged because of the way the Dominican people reached out to us and welcomed us into their Country. Even though we did not speak their native (Spanish) language fluently am sure they knew that we were at least trying to communicate with them in their native language. I would highly recommend this resort to friends and family everywhere.Liked: EverythingDisliked: Nothing

Good hotel, great location, friendly staff And I got a photo with my favourite owl..........

Good location and good for families Complimentary Breakfast by the Pool

Okay Hotel The hotel rooms are much too small. There was only about two feet of space when you walked into the room. There was no room to put suitcases. We cleared off the space above the TV for my husbands and put mine on the floor under the TV. I don't think I'd ever stayed in a room so small.The A/C either makes the room too hot or too cold. We were constantly making adjustments (even in the middle of the night). The air also seemed to blow directly down. We couldn't find a way to adjust it.We found the bar prices to be a bit high. We had a Mai Tai at Duke's for $7, and they were $9 at the hotel bar, and it was made with lesser quality ingredients (in my opinion). The restaurant prices seemed high, so we never ate there, so I can't give a review on that.The beach was almost a private beach for the hotel. It was quiet and peaceful. (Compared to Waikiki) The hotel lent us mats and towels to use. This was very nice.The bellman is also the valet, towel lender, direction-giver, luggage checker, etc. They need another person to assist with this job. We had to wait frequently, because we couldn't find the bellman, because he was outside somewhere or giving directions.Also, we had a later flight, so we asked if we could leave the bags while we walked around a bit, since checkout was at noon. They said it was fine. They had a room to put them in. We waited for the bellman, and he gave us a tag for our luggage. When we returned, we found our luggage still stacked in the lobby next to the desk. We were able to just take our luggage and walk out. No one ever questioned if it was our luggage or verified we had the tag for it. Not very secure.The walk to Waikiki was about 15 minutes. Not bad, but if I had to do it again, I would stay closer to the main beach for activities and a larger room and walk down to the beach by this hotel. Also, the buses no longer run on the road by the hotel, so you need to walk over to the zoo to catch the bus (not a bad walk 5-10 minutes), but not as convenient as described in another review).

Don't stay here unless you're a tourist, or a Gold HH Member I just want to comment on this hotel based on the other reviews. This is a nice hotel if you get a room on the Executive Floor. If you're not a Gold Member, and you're here for business longer than two nights, then you'll start to miss the typical business amenities.I stayed here for a week, and had a single bed. I complained because quite frankly, I couldn't sleep in it without feeling like I was going to fall out of bed. I'd never been offered a single bed for business travel in my entire career, so I never expected to see one on my first trip to Tokyo.I also think that in general, if you are female, and in my case, I am also Asian, I am occasionally subjected to second-class service. I think this is a common complaint by most female executive travelers. But that's a whole other traveling issue. Long story short, I am spoiled by American hotels and big comfy beds. Since I travel mostly for work, the bed is the most important part of the room. I don't fault this hotel entirely, but the truth is, I was judged as someone who could tolerate inferior accommodations as compared to my six-foot non-Asian colleague who would have been given the double bed without hesitation.If you don't fit my profile, you'll probably do fine at this hotel. If you are a Hilton Honors Gold member then you will score high with all the proper business amenities. I am terribly disappointed because I have no safe in my room to lock up my electronic gadgets and computer when I'm out at customer meetings. I am disappointed about my bed of course. I am disappointed that there is no complimentary coffee in the room (there is coffee you can buy through mini bar for about $6 US, my company doesn't reimburse mini-bar charges either.) I am also disappointed that access to the gym will cost me $20 US dollars per use. My company doesn't reimburse for gym fees, so I'd have to shell out $140 of my own money (weeks stay) in order to keep myself in shape for these long haul flights into Asia. The food is outrageously expensive. I couldn't get a bowl of fruit for less than $10 us dollars, and it was canned fruit! There isn't anything to like about this hotel, and it rates very low compared to US Hilton Hotels for business travel. I have to give it a low score just so other business travelers will be cautious in case they can't get an upgrade to the Executive Floor. The non-Executive floors have very tiny bathrooms, meant for small-framed people. Frankly, this hotel should just charge more money and give me what I need rather than nickeling and diming us to death.What's good about the hotel? The airport shuttleIt's cleanThe service is decentIt's centrally locatedGood luck!

Luner New Year at the Langham Place This is an excellent hotel with excellent service in one of the most historic parts of Kowloon. It's going to be my home away from home whenever I visit or work in Hong Kong. The MTR is right downstairs, there's plenty of outside restaurants and shopping inside the connected mall, and even a theater next door if you've got time for a movie.PROS: Convenient to everythingBeautiful rooms, small but efficientFlat screen TVComplimentary tea, coffee, and daily bottled waterRoom serviceWonderful bed and linensInteresting glass bathroomDirect shuttle to and from the airportGreat serviceImmaculateNear all sorts of transportationCONS:The restaurant is okay, and pretty expensiveI did not experience any cranky concierge...rather the opposite. Efficient and attentive. I like that kind of service. For the price, I paid a little of $200 US per day, I felt like I got my money's worth.I recommend this place to anyone who is adventurous and wants to really taste Hong Kong.

Wonderful!! This is not the Hilton but a small local owned little gem! My husband and I loved this hotel. It was very small and quaint. It was wonderful, we found it in one of Rick Steves' books. If you want something a little different then for sure go for this!!! You'll love it. It is in walking distance to the train station and many restuarants etc. There was a nice breakfast each morning and the manager was there we were able to visit with her a little. LOVED IT!!!

Great location Rain shower

Great location to explore Florence We booked our stay here on a relative's recommendation. We were pleased overall with the room, and the location was perfect. Typical small European room, but was clean and comfortable. The included continental breakfast was good, and the rooftop terrace was a beautiful place to enjoy it. Service was adequate, though a complaint about a non-functioning television took several days to resolve. Most of the staff was friendly, but some were less so. The location alone is worth recommending. The Beacci is a safe bet for a Florence stay, but for 220 euro per night, we expected a little better service.

Excellent Rating would recommend to anyone I stayed at the Conrad Miami in June of 2008 (last week). It was amazing, the location was in the downtown area, there was a very chic cafe nearby and restaurant (Segofreddo and Novecento). Publix is walking distance (all item supermarket and pharmacy). Anyways the hotel was super clean, the staff comes to your room twice daily to clean up and shape up your room. The bathroom is HUGE. Very modern, amazing bath products from London, close up mirror (lighted), extra towels, robes, slippers, etc.The room was VERY roomy (i had a 2 double beds), with windows facing the water. Swimming pool is very cool, great hip music playing on speakers, ideal for families or singles, or business travelers. Fresh fruit passes you by in a bowl on hot days complimentary, lemon water, etc. Tennis courts below. Theyve thought of everything at this hotel. 25th floor lobby has an amazing outdoor little bar area overlooking the view also very cool at night for a pre-drink.Would definitely stay here again. South Beach is not too far 10 min cab ride. Brickell area really nice and nice crowd as well.Two thumbs up!

Good hotel in a quiet position on the outskirts of Sanur. Pool View

Customer Service was terrific I read all the reviews, but questioned if they were planted or for real. Well, they were for real. Everything we asked for was taken care of immediatly. It was as if the desk staff knew what we wanted before asking. Loved the room, especially the kitchen and small reading/parlor. Robes were provided as well as coffee and tea. We did some shopping at the market down the street which saved us a few dollars on food but don't miss Peco's restaurant across the street. They have a Happy Hour breakfast between 9:00am and 11:am with just about anything on the menu for $6.00. Lots of other dining options within a few short blocks. Should we return to Seattle, this will be our first stop.

Absolutely amazing My Boyfriend and I just got back from a 1 week vacation at the Sirenis Tropical Resort, and we absolutely loved it. The hotel is very nice and well maintained. The food was good. The best part would have to be the Entertainment Team. They were so friendly and very funny. They always made sure everyone was having a good time. My Boyfriend and I loved; Will Smith (Richard), Spaghetti, James Bond, Breaker, and the rest of them were also very good. They all work very well together and they are out the whole day. They also had excellent shows every single night. All in all we had a FANTASTIC stay and would recommend this hotel to anyone.

Beautiful oasis of calm We booked our stay last September and travelled with our 3 children, who were 17,15 and 9 years old. We decided to celebrate our Silver Wedding with a trip to Venice as we had visited on our honeymoon and had loved it.We arrived at about 11.15 am after a 6.45 flight from the UK, so were feeling very tired, we were shown straight to our room and had a rest for a couple of hours. The room was beautiful and even though it had a four poster bed and 3 single beds there was plenty of room, we also had a balcony overlooking the courtyard and a hydrotherapy bath, which was lovely for sore feet.We stayed for 5 nights and the staff were lovely and the breakfasts were so good, I still think about those lovely warm apricot croissants.This was such a peaceful and quiet spot, it was brilliant to get back after the hustle and bustle of the tourist areas, but within a few minutes were some lovely restaurants and bars. We ate at La Zucca twice and it was great, I must also recommend Al Nono Risorto where the food was really good and very reasonably priced. On our last evening we went into Campo San Giacomo dell'Orio and sat in the square and had some lovely wine at Al Prosecco, my daughter went to the toilet and when she came out she informed us that this was Emma Thompson's local - lucky Emma Thompson.We had a fabulous stay and I was very sad to come home, I would love to go back and I would love to stay at this beautiful hotel again. Thank you to Valter and Sandro and your lovely staff.

Nice convenient hype hotel A lovely designed, very conveniently thought little hotel in the very heart of NYC, steps from Times Square.We enjoyed our room, very cosy, small but nicely arranged. We loved the pool, and the breakfast was good and convenient too.The staff was friendly and helpful.We will definitely stay at this hotel next time we go to NY !

Love the London Bridge Hotel. We have now stayed at this hotel 3 times and love it. We recently celebrated my daughters 18th birthday and I chose to take her to London for the weekend , she also thought the hotel was good.The hotel is easy to get to, staff are friendly, food lovely, and the rooms are spotlessly clean, also it is one of the smaller hotels of which appeals to me. We are returning again in September for yet another daughters birthday.

Stay away! Arriving at reception the first thing that hit us as we walked through the door was the smell of old burnt fat. The restaurant was open plan into the lobby and either the extractors in the kitchen were non existant or not being used. The lifts then smelt of the fat taking you up to the rooms. The corridors in the hotel were tatty and in need of redecoration. The toilet was blocked in our room. I called down to reception and it was fixed within 10 mins. Our first evening we went to the bar, which was empty - not surprising as it was besides the restaurant - that awful smell was lingering - we had one drink and left to visit the hotel next door (which was our first choice and was unfortunately full) it was beautiful beyond compare. Unless they do something about the kitchens don't bother going, drive right past!

Excellent Value for money! Stayed here for 2 nights recently- Nothing but good things to say!What you get for the price you pay is really good, Bathroom and bedroom very well kept and spotlessly clean!Mini Bar is very well priced and offers a wide range.Location is good also, about 5 mins away from the nearest Metro. Reception were really friendly and helpful, always on hand if you need them.Overall it was a great stay and id definatly stay there again!

An oasis of calm!! I'd give this hotel four and a half points if half points were possible!. I've subtracted half a point merely because the hotel is expensive, and you will need to get a cab whenever you want to go out to the shops or bars (south beach is around 20 minutes drive). BUT if you're happy to relax in the hotel - or if you're a business traveller - it's perfect. You cannot fail to feel pampered and relaxed. We thought the service was impeccable and I was surprised to read some of the negative comments. Every member of staff (front desk, spa staff and pool staff) were focused on making sure we had a comfortable stay. We loved the complimentary smoothie samples by the side of the pool!! I would also recommend Azul (the hotel restaurant) which serves delicious asian fusion food and fantastic wine.

Worth every cent! My husband and I had to be at UCLA for his cancer treatment and wanted to be very close to the campus. We looked at several places online but decided on the W. The hotel is very modern, which is not my taste - however everything is done extremely well. The service is excellent and when I checked in Tracy Morgan of 30 Rock was in line in front of me. The W is just a few blocks from the UCLA campus and within walking distance of the Westwood Theater and Shopping district. We are part of the Starwood network and because of this we were upgraded to a suite on the 6th floor. The short version: Not the cheapest hotel in the area but worth every cent if you want to be treated like a celebrity.

Not my favorite Sheraton Usually Starwood is my favorite chain, but this Sheraton is a dud. Hotel staff were average... we had to ask several times for housekeeping to put a sheet on the bed (for some reason, all they kept putting on was a comforter and it wasn't always clean, and we had to call four times for our mini-bar to be cleared out so we could use the fridge. The concierges were sometimes ok, but many times they kept telling us to ask one of the others that would be on site the next day (why hire concierges that don't know where things are?) and there was on that was less than competant. (Very disappointing.) The location was good... near Darling Harbor, so that was nice. The room was clean-ish, but I just didn't get the feeling that it was well-kept. If you stay here, stay on the Harbor side, the view is worth it.

Great hotel / great service! Stayed at the St. Regis for work. What a great place. It's rated 4 stars, but I'd say it's a 5 star. Great pool, great gym, great hotel room, superior service. Everything was super comfortable and I really loved having a tv built into the wall in the bathroom by the bathtub. I really loved this place...

A taste of Berlin (old and new) This is a pretty intersting place. Great views -- right outside of the hotel is the Brandenburg Gate (and a Starbucks across the street -- old meet new!) The rooms are pretty comfortable and the beds are decent. The wireless connections are speedy (although expensive). If you're a vegetarian, you won't find anything to eat at the hotel, but there is quite a bit in walking distance. (We took a Hop On, Hop Off tour where the bus picked us up on the other side of the gate.) The gym is small, but has decent machines and free weights (and free bottles of water.) We ran a business event at the hotel, and everything went very smoothly. Great service.

We love Aston! beach

An excellent hotel We stayed at the Monte Carlo for 2 nights post-cruise and couldn't have been happier with our choice.The hotel has a baroque appearance from the outside (very lovely when illuminated at night) but it's very modern inside. From the moment our taxi pulled up at the door the staff couldn't have been more helpful (and we did have a lot of bags).We had a quiet room at the back of the hotel - furnished in very modern style and with jacuzzi bath (lovely after our cramped shower on the Emerald Princess). Bathrobes were supplied but we didn't use them. One little complaint...the bath was rather slippery and we would have welcomed a bath mat when showering. The hotel is ideally situated right on La Rambla and very near Catalunya Place and a very central spot e.g. for catching the turistic bus which circumnavigates all the main attractions in the city - both routes, north and south are highly recommended. The staff were very helpful in suggesting good eating places...great recommendations for tapas. We ate breakfast both mornings ( 9 euros per person and well worth it). We would certainly stay at the Monte Carlo again.

This hotel is brilliant in every respect! We chose this hotel because of the good reviews it had received on this website. We were not disappointed!The staff were friendly, the rooms were attractively decorated, spacious and clean and the roof top pool was a fabulous place to cool down after a days sight seeing.It is easy to get to, just a couple of minutes walk from the Universitat metro station, and is only a few minutes walk from Las Ramblas. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone going to Barcelona.

Great Hotel for location and food, but lacking in room quality and decor We just returned from a nine day stay at the Waikiki Beach Marriott Hotel. I give a tip of the hat to the front desk clerks and the housekeeping staff ..... they were really good. The open air theme of the hotel lobby floor was a truly refreshing reminder that we were in Hawaii.The food in the Kuhio Grill was superb .... we had 9 breakfasts there and 3 buffet dinners, and the food and the service was superb. You were never rushed and there never seemed to be line-ups.Elevators worked terrific, no problems there.Being right across the road from the beach was really delightful and all the shops were so close by.Now, for the down side. We stayed in a Deluxe Oceanfront room which was really great. just that we expected more quality from a Marriott Hotel. The room was quite sparesely furnished, with a small clothes cupboard with ancient louvered doors and 6 coat hangers. There were 2 small drawers in the TV cupboard to store all the rest of our belongings. Luggage was barely able to be stored in the closet. We had 2 chairs, and a writing desk and a small round table. The bathroom left a lot to be desired. They have replaced the taps and faucets ........ but the bathtub has been cleaned so much that it is down below the enamel and it did not drain so you were standing in 3 inches of water while showering. I hated even standing in it to shower. The tub and toilet are in a small cramped room with a door and the basin and mirror are located just outside. Again, an old sink that should have been replaced years ago.Other that that our stay in Hawaii was really great. Next time we come we are planning on checking out a Condo, as you really do not spend that much time in the Hotel, but when you do you want the quality you paid for in the surroundings.

Great place if u're in a budget! I booked this hotel through hotwire. Hotwire is a letdown. The web mentioned the rack rate was 400 sth dollars per night and that we'll be saving 70 %. Instead , the rack rate when we stayed was 88 euro per night. We paid almost the same if not more through hotwire. Terrible!Anyway , back to the hotel , we stayed 3 nights in this hotel ,May 2008. It was clean and has good location ( 1 minute from the parallel station which harbors the green and the purple lines ; also next to barcelona universal hotel). La Ramblas is about 10 minutes breezy walk , the mirador colon and the seaside is about 5 minutes walk. If you plan to go to Montjouc , the furnicular departs from parallel station , so that's a plus too. The staffs are friendly and speak fluent english. Basic amenities are provided in the room , but no hairdryer. Air-con was working fine. Breakfasts were okay. There is a 24 hour supermarket, just 5 minute walk from the hotel (ask the staff for the location , they'll be most happy to direct you.). Next door there're restaurants serving pizzas , paellas , and other catalan dishes. Price is not bad , beware though if you ask for mineral water , they might pull the most expensive bottles ,water in glass bottles instead of your regular plastic bottles. It's best to ask what brand is available and how much. The tap water is drinkable , but it's not tasty (near the sea..). I wont reccomend this hotel to light-sleepers because the hotel has a lot of young guests, some nights they can be noisy. All in all , the hotel is good if u're in a budget or if u just need a place to crash in at night. Save money by getting the T-10 transportation card. It is valid for 10 trips, more than one person can use it at the same time.

Disgusting ROACHES all over the bathroom. Hairs in the bathtub and sink. Bedsheets did NOT smell or feel clean. Flat pillows. Room smelled musty. Do NOT stay at this hotel.

Roll out the red Carpet! I can say I truly enjoyed the hotel. Upon checkin there is a beautiful lobby, and vallet service is efficient and friendly (only a few more dollars per night!) I would recommend doing the whole vallet thing because the parking garage is a bit of a pain. We probably used the vallet service 3 or more times per day of course coming in and out to see all the different area attractions. The rooms are just average (used to be a Holiday Inn) although the beds are luxury! First good night sleep I'd had in awhile! No fan in the bathroom, no mini-fridge or wetbar, no balcony, although there are beautiful views of the Beverly Hills downtown area. I wouldn't recommend walking to Rodeo drive. You'll need a car in L.A. There's NO complimentary breakfast (you have to be a priority member.) The business center came to a convenience although there is a a charge to use it. The pool was too cold in October I don't think it's heated but we got drinks from the bar and enjoyed the whirlpool jacuzzi! This is a good place to stay for the cost I think we paid $100 per night. I would recommend it more for business than pleasure.

Thoroughly pleased After much obsessing over all the reviews, I reserved a room at the Belvedere for 3 nights for myself, my husband, and ll year old daugher; February 17-20. We stayed on the 12th floor and have no complaints. We are fairly fussy, but were pleased with the immaculate housekeeping, the responsiveness of the staff, and the location of the hotel. We had no problem with noise at night. I do agree that the rooms can be somewhat warm, but we turned on the air conditioner which had the dual purpose of providing white noise to block any potential sounds. The bathroom was not large, but certainly was adequate and up to date.The fridge was handy, though we never used the microwave or coffee maker.The location was terrrific for midtown. I would not hesitate in recommending this hotel or returning to it another time.

Just okay I don't know why this hotel is rated so highly. I picked it based on the reviews for a one night theatre/restaurant/hotel package. For the other three nights in Toronto I gambled on Hotwire for a 4* hotel ($88) and was given the Intercontinental on Front Street. There is no comparison between the two. The beds at the Mariott were uncomfortable and the sheets felt like sandpaper (compared to our previous three nights at the Intercontinental).The room was much smaller and less attractive. The hotel is adequate, clean, and deserving of 3*. Yes there is a pool, relatively small and shallow throughout; but my daughter did get to swim. No complaints about the staff. I am not sure what is particularly desirable about the location. It is adjacent to the huge mall and in a busy downtown area; not walking distance to the theatre, waterfront, skydome, or CN tower.

A Wonderful Experience Excellent Hotel in a Fantastic Location. The beds were heavenly, the room was large and quiet and I highly recommend this Hotel.Breakfast each morning was a large wonderful buffet where they also made special orders. The Fitness center was quite decent for Europe.

Excellent Hotel and Great Location We stayed here for four nights on a round the world trip. The hotel is very modern, very stylish and located across the water from the main city. Its only a few minutes from the ferry so also very convenient. Our room was large, very comfortable with excellent views of Hong Kong Island and the ever-changing scene of boats, junks etc. The bathroom was huge, marble and had a walk in shower and separate bath. We ate in the restaurant one evening, and the food was good, but not special. Its buffet style. There was a wedding going on, which provided endless amusement and interest. There is a roof top pool with spectacular views and plenty of sun beds. We would return to this hotel for its quiet location after the frantic pace of the city.

Wonderful staff and Delightful Place to Stay Sitting Room with Sofa Bed

Pretty Nice! The Renaissance in Amsterdam was very nice despite the constuction that is going on. We did not have the opportunity to sleep in there so it was no problem for us. The room we were in was newly remodeled and tastefully decorated. It was small, but just fine for the two of us. The staff were very nice and accommodating and the location was great. The hotel is on a side street off the beaten path so it is fairly quiet, but still steps away from the action! We paid about $250 a night....not sure it is worth the $550 a night they are advertising now. But good overall.

Awesome time some of the beach

I would stay again We were visiting Carmel and decided to go stay in San Fransisco for a few nights while we were there. We chose the Sherton because it was a beautiful hotel. We had to get 2 rooms since there were several of us. They were able to put us in rooms right next to each other. The views from the rooms were gorgeous. We walked where ever we went, so it was at a good location. We bought a LOT and the people at the front actually had someone help us load the cars so that we could get out of there soon (we were about to be late for our flight). I want to return there in the future and I'd stay with these folks again.

great place but not much to do we stayed at ocean sands in august this year from the 9-23 having read the reviews on here before we were looking forward to this holiday very much and after having been thought we would write our review from the english perspective ok the airport in punta cana is very easily negotiated both coming and going and despite what everyone says about opening up every single suitcase this doesnt happen you just have to dodge the suitcase guys who are all after a tip to move your cases about 10 foot but a firm no keeps them at bay check in at the hotel again very easy and they give you a cocktail and soft drinks for the kids (we have 3 12 10 and 7)we were allocated villa 9 which is opposite the blue pool but we got a back room over looking a dirt road and coconut trees but wasnt bothered as we didnt spend too much time in there the pools are huge but towards the end of our holiday were going green with mould because the pool guys just cant keep up with the maintainance the blue pool is the quieter pool and the yellow pool is where all the activities go on the blue pool barman victor blows very hot and cold seeming to have a problem giving the english budweiser and baileys but after quite a few complained about this there were no more issues entertainment at night was like a very poor version of butlins entertainment but the guys and girls on stage work very hard and are always happy and love the kids so we went to see the show most nights we ate at the buffet most days and it is very good food we also tried route 66 and that was terible and the mexican excellent mikes coffee shop was not bad but we have had better and the cakes are the same as you get in the buffet the beach is superb white powder sand and despite being the atlantic the sea is warm although a little rough we got up to se the sunrise and that was fantastic we done the trip called kontiki and that was great for the kids its a party boat and they take you snorkling and on a boat slide constant food music and drink great afternoon we were supposed to go on the safari trip but it was cancelled because of hurricane dean overall a great hotel great people and very very cheap if you are going here enjoy your stay and take plenty of high factor sun cream we used 40 and still burnt!!!

Great for Paris First Timers!

Loved the Spa, hated the hotel Dallas is definitely not the LA of the South, no matter what other reviewers may have said. I've lived here for 5 years and trust me, Dallas is just another big suburban city in the mid-west that now has a fancy hotel to flaunt. Having said that, don't stay here. Here's why:1) You HAVE to valet your car, and for those of you who might not realize how horribly inconvenient this is, I'll explain: every time you park your car you have to pay 5 dollars plus tip for the valet service. And once you get there, you'd better not need your car again until you're going somewhere important because the line to get your car back in the evenings is HORRENDOUS. I came just to use the spa once, and after my treatment waited no less than 20 minutes in a line full of drunks just to pay $5 to drive my car home. The couple behind me had to wait in the line too, and all they needed was to get something out of their car that they'd left when they checked in (the Valets can't tell you where your car is for some reason, so you won't be able to run to your car to get something by yourself).2) The staff was nice enough to me (though not as nice as at the Crescent), but the other guests were just awful. Basically, the W is the type of place to stay if your self-esteem is based on the cost of your clothes. I am by no means poor, but walking through that lobby in my casual wear I was looked at like a leper. The crowd at this hotel is basically the nouveu-riche set of Dallas.3) The bar scene in Dallas is nothing too special. Ghost Bar stays true to that. While the scenery may be pretty neat, the crowd is the same as I described above. If you're a young woman like me, you will be dealing with a bunch of 50 year old men who think they can buy you, and a bunch of highly metrosexual young men who will try to impress you with their $300 t-shirts. For dance music I suggest Lizard Lounge (where Fatboy Slim and Paul Oakenfold go to play when they tour here), Club One, Zubar, Minc Lounge, among others, where the people are friendly, the drinks are cheap, and the music is much cooler. Don't go to Ghost Bar where you'll pay $12 a drink just to wait in line 30 minutes and be treated by the club staff like you're a nobody.Basically, the other reviewer was right, this place is very see and be seen. However, if you are the type of person who couldn't give a flying explitive about being seen by whoever might see you at this hotel it's not worth it.If you're looking for a real unique Dallas experience stay at ZaZa (the Dragonfly is great), the Adolphus downtown, or Crescent Court (the staff there is AMAZING and the rooms are fantastic, there are also some great restaurants there you will be talking about long after you leave). All those hotels are the same price or cheaper than the W, the people are nicer, and you get much more for what you pay. They are also in better neighborhoods. You can actually walk to bars and clubs from the Crescent and ZaZa, whereas at the W, since the Victory Plaza isn't completed, you're going to have to drive or get cabs everywhere (especially because Dallas is a very dangerous city - DON'T walk from the W anywhere unless you know where you're going, ZaZa and Crescent are in the middle of everything, though, so it's pretty safe to walk from them).Having said all that I will say that Bliss Spa is GREAT and you should definitely make time to go there no matter where you stay. The only drawback is that it's in the W and if you go after 5 you will have to deal with drunks wandering around and being loud (I swear the W hosts huge private parties every night, the elevators are usually pretty full of rediculous people!). Bliss is expensive, but worth every penny.

Back Again We stayed at Casa Camper in early 2006 for our 40th wedding anniversary. We came back with 2 sets of friends on June 6, 2007. We loved the decor, the location, and the separate sitting room. The staff is wonderfully helpful. They will make recommendations for restaurants, call cabs, give directions, etc. All their restaurant suggestions were wonderful. We love the mini cafeteria with food and beverages available all the time. Our friends were thrilled with this hotel, and they think we have wonderful taste!

Excellent, Splendid, Superb Hotel My favorite hotel chain is the Mandarin Oriental. And this one is a perfect example why. It made our Tokyo visit just marvelous. Service is top-notch. Terrific room with stunning views. Quality, first-rate furnishings and beddings. Heated toilet seat! Spa was magnificent. Over-all first class.

Disappointed I always check the tripadvisor website for hotel reviews before I decide which hotel to book and so far it has never failed me till I stayed here. 1. Someone from their management cancelled my reservation, good thing I had the confirmation letter they sent by email printed out with me. I arrived late that night and was really tired. The guy at the front apologized and instead of giving me a better room for the inconvenience tried to downgrade me because of the unavailability of the room I originally booked.There was a girl who happen to just wander by from management as well who had to help him get me a better room ( hellooo !!!- this is what youre supposed to do).2. The one bedroom suite was ok. There is no TV in the living room area. Bed was comfortable.3. Hotel close to a sketchy area.4. They did not clean my room one of the nights.5. Camus restaurant was fabulous however.

Will stay there again, maybe Just ended my four night spirit of lifepackage with them. I was greeted by the butler on arrival who led me to my room which I thought was great because it was personal. I stayed in a one bedroom casita with a balcony that overlooked the ocean. This was wonderful. However, the room is not quite 5-star. It was old and needs to be refurbished. The bathroom also looked pretty used. It was clean however. The service was wonderful. They catered to my every need. Food was just ok. The spa was fabulous. The housestaff were all friendly and courteous. Great tennis lessons from Juan. I will stay there again maybe if they put me up in the new area that they are currently building.

Absolutely amazing!! the lobby.. which was also lovely!!

little paradise We chose this hotel as it was close to Ubud in the hilly part of Bali. My room was a suite which included a large bedroom with private patio, an entry way over water with chairs and table at the end and on the other side a huge bathroom. The bedroom had cable tv with free DVDs loaned from the main desk. Good air conditioning plus ceiling fan and at night mosquito net around the bed with special candle if needed. The bathroom had a lovely huge bath, excellent separate shower and was open at the top also. The entryway had a frog also. The hotel has a nice small restaurant and we enjoyed our breakfast very much. My son chose the pancakes. There is a very pretty pool with ample seating and nearby an outside bar with more seating and lots of paperback books or games to play. There was a free computer room with several newspapers also. All the employees were very pleasant and the hotel has a free transportation into Ubud every hour. One evening we arranged for the driver to pick us up after a dance performance in town. There is also a well equipped gym room, a spa and other amenities which I didn't use. The location is very lovely as the hotel seems completely isolated with nothing around to spoil the mood. Every morning there is a free hike to the rice fields. There are some nice restaurants within walking distance and also a few museums and craft stores.

Good budget option in Florence We stayed here for 3 nights and were very pleased. The hotel is about a 5 minute walk from the train station (which feels longer with luggage) and an easy walk to the Cathedral and all the other sites of Florence (the historic centre is pretty compact). For 65 euro we got a good sized room with a private bathroom (down the hallway) which seemed pretty good for Florence. The staff were generally helpful though the women at the desk seemed unwilling to book Uffizi tickets for us (maybe her English wasn't as good as some of the other staff). Also has (slow) internet access for free. The hotle is a short walk from restaurants and cafes - we ate breakfast each morning at a cafe down the street for less than 3 euros.Would definately stay here again.

Stylish with a great location This is a good contemporary hotel with basic, but comfortable accommodation. We had a clean room facing the inner courtyard which was quiet at night. The room was painted white with white voiles and blinds, a yellow leather armchair, and a bathroom with a shower and a stainless steel sink set into a bright orange worktop. A couple of large lithographs were the only decoration. The only downside to the room was the lack of adequate storage space - a small wardrobe and a shelf, but no drawers. We found the staff to be friendly and helpful. Breakfasts were superb - the dining room is set in an attractive glass-roofed atrium with leather chairs. A large choice of cooked breakfasts, smoked salmon, patisserie, cereals, yoghourts, fresh fruit salad with strawberries, coffee and teas etc. This provided an excellent start to the day. The cost for this is extra but, considering the choice and quality, it was good value for money.In addition, the hotel is very close to a U-bahn stop on one side and a pretty canal (an offshoot of the Spree) on the other. I would be happy to stay here again.

Fantastic hotel! Recently returned from a 7 nights stay at this hotel, and would like to recommend it to anyone wanting a hotel right in the middle of Hollywood. Travelling with 2 kids (8 11) we were looking for somewhere clean, safe and in a good location for the sight seeing we wanted to do, the hotel was perfect. Our room (9th floor, overlooking Highland) had views of downtown LA on clear days and the Hollywood sign to the north, was large even for the 4 of us, with ceiling to floor window. The bathroom was pretty small (but didn't spend too much time in there!) and was immaculately clean. Turn down service on return after our first hard dayof sight seeing was a perfect touch. Didn't try the buffet breakfast as a little pricey for the whole family. Instead went to Johnny Rockets which was right next door in the shopping complex, which the kids loved! Fantastic location to wonder round and do a bit of shopping after dark and still feel safe. Always something going on outside Graumans theatre, wether it was street entertainers or Captain Jack Sparrow lookalikes(who was charming!). Disney took us about an hour in rush hour to get to, 15 mins to Universal, 30 mins to Venice/SantaMonica. Valet parking was 24 dollars perday, so better off using self park(same place) with the max charge of 10 dollars per day! Couldn't fault this hotel, would definately stay again.

The place to stay in Sydney Lobby

Not as great as it used to be We used to love this hotel, but the rooms have gotten smaller and the terrific free refrigerators have been replaced by prestocked bars that very sensitive to touch so it is easy to get an extra charge on your bill. Not a bad hotel for the money, but not as great as it used to be. Has a nice roof garden with a view of the Empire State Building and most of the people are fairly friendly.

The Good and The Bad Front of hotel

A kind and gracious hotel My brother and I had to go to Hawaii to inter my mother's ashes with my father's in the Punchbowl. This was definitely not a pleasure trip. I chose Hotel Renew after reading TripAdvisor and it was the perfect choice! The property is just as attractive as portrayed and the sense of calm and peace mid all the craziness that can be Honolulu was golden! The staff more than live up to their reputation for kindness to and care of their guests, Robert and Jay in particular. They were very sensitive to our circumstances and went out of their way constantly to make sure we had everything we needed. I look forward to returning for a vacation visit.

traveler beware Cute place - convenient location. We were really looking forward to some quite time. This hope was quickly eliminated in the very early hours of our first morning at the White Swan. We awoke to what we thought was construction going on in the room above us. We asked at the desk and they told us that there was a family with two children staying there. We told them of the noise and they said they would take care of it. The children and the noise continued throughout our stay. I have nothing against kids - have a few of my own. But when they start jumping around at 6am it is somewhat bothersom....especially when we're paying top $$ for the pleasure and our complaints were totally ignored by the front desk.Next time we'll stay somewhere else. M Winner - Honolulu, HI

Superb standard We got a deal at this hotel which included breakfast, dinner one night, a boat trip and 48 hour travel passses. The breakfast was amazing. I've never seen a joint of pork on a breakfast buffet before.The overall standard was superb. There was a problem with our shower head, but a mechanic was there to fix it within 10 minutes. The Heat Restaurant was a bit dull and soulless for an evening meal and the service was a bit Teutonic. The bus pass was great because the 100 bus which goes along the Unter den Linden to the Brandenburg Gate stopped 200 yards from the hotel. The only difficulty we had was in trying to claim our boat trip. The concierge had no record of it on the Computer and it took a discussion with management to acknowledge our computer print-out showing details of our package. Our impression is that they have so many different deals they are unable to keep track of them. Nevertheless we would definitely stay there again. The location is ideal.

Our wonderful honeymoon at the Taino My husband and I spent 2 fabulous weeks at this resort. It was a delayed honeymoon for us and we were very happy we chose this resort. To give you a bit of background, in our late early and this is my 3rd trip to an all inclusive his 2nd. We flew Skyservice from Toronto. There was a lot of turbulence on the way there, but we arrived safely, got through customs and towards our bus. The first stop was at Riu Naiboa then we were the 2nd to be dropped off. Check-inWe arrived at the resort at 1pm. Our room ready so we grabbed a bite to eat at the buffet walked around the resort beach to get a feel for the place. The beach is beautiful, the pool is a decent size, but a rather small swim-up bar. The reception area is large open. We got our room, just a basic room, nothing special. Yes, it is a little old tired, but the room was very clean and a good size. We loved having the liquor dispenser and the mini fridge, it came in handy on the few rainy days that we had.FoodThe food was very good. We were happy with the quality of food, comparing it to the food we had in Cuba, it was 10 times better!! A lot of people complain about the lack of variety in the buffet options. I get it, they have different meats (veal, pork, chicken, meatballs, they have different seafood options (I eat the stuff, but my husband enjoyed it), they plenty of different sides from a variety of different potato styles, to pasta, to rice, to nachos, to soups, veggies etc. The la carte dinners were fantastic we were happy with them all. a picky eater I managed to eat a lot and neither of us got sick. The PoolsThe Taino has 2 pools, the larger one with the swim-up bar. It was a nice pool, but I enjoy it because there were too many rowdy drunk people. I get it, an all-inclusive, and that's how the enjoyed their holiday. I preferred to stay at the other pool. a smaller pool with a area. My hubby I just stayed on the other side opposite the children area. This pool have a swim up bar, but fine, because we brought 32oz Bubba Kegs which kept our drinks cold they lasted longer than the small plastic cups. I highly suggest Bubba Kegs. Many people had them, and those who wished they had. The BeachThe beach was beautiful!! all I can say about it! We walked the beach a couple of days. We went left towards the other Riu properties. The beach gets wider as you go across the Riu properties. We also went right, which is towards the beach vendors. Make sure you barter with the vendors. accept their first price offer!! And if being stubborn, just say come back tomorrow. They like to hear that!!ExcursionsWe only did 1 excursions and it was the Buggy ride. We booked through the people in the lobby, our Sunquest rep there, so we booked through the TUI rep. We were told that we were also going to go on a horse back ride into a lagoon. But that the case!! We rode dune buggies (which we mind) through a small town across a very dirty muddy road (it had rained the day before). The only part we like about this was the small children begging us for money. What a sin!! We felt so horrible. We brought candy with us in our luggage for our excursions, but forgot to bring it with us on our excursion!!! The weatherIt was hot sunny 11 out of the 14 days. There were 3 days where it rained on and off all day. PM me if you have any questions.

Great location The Belvedere was perfect for our three day stay. With three of us (two women, and one son) the corridor into the room offered a private nook for quick fchanges and the kitchenette area gave an extra sink for teeth brushing etc. .5 minutes walk to Times Square and all that surrounds it and a subway station 3 minutes walk. The Olympic Diner just round the corner on 8th was simple but really good for a quick relatively cheap breakfast. The smear of cream cheese on the bagel was so thick my son took a photo of it!My son used the gym at the Belvedere, and while it was modest it certainly had all that he needed. The staff were polite if not friendly.My only complaint was the elevators! Slow beyond belief!!!

Just lovely After a long trip staying in several hotels, this was such a pleasant surprise. We arrived very late (1am), and were greeted warmly and without fuss. All the desk staff were lovely and helpful. Our room (two queen size beds) was incredibly spacious, clean and very comfortable. We're not talking fancy, but there were lovely details - beautiful lamp shades, good closet space, lovely bathroom products, and attention to details like how towels were folded.Everythin was really clean and fresh, and maintenance was obviously a priority.Our room was right on Washington, which is quite busy. It didn't really matter. Despite some demolition work across the road, the room still felt quiet.It was quite chilly while we were there and had rained so everyone ate breakfast in the breakfast room itself rather than the pretty courtyard. While this space is modest, there was a lovely feeling of shared holidays. The breakfast is simple and generous and made a pleasant change from paying through the nose at a restaurant. The courtyard is as pretty as the picture suggests, and before the rain was a pleasant place to sit and read the paper for a little while.The hotel is located two small blocks from the beach - less than 5 minutes walk (and I'm not big on walking) and you're on the beach without the hassle of taking any transport. There were plenty of really welcoming and afforable places to eat. We made use of the local Big Blue Bus to get to Santa Monica, which meant a bit of walking, and taxis. Word of warning - the Santa Monica taxi dirvers like to take Lincoln Blvd back to Venice Beach. If you're on the 3rd St Blvd (a lot of fun on a sunday aft.), this takes you out of the way at both ends of the trip and costs up to $9.00 more (in peak hour). Ask them to take Ocean (VB taxis did this without being asked).I would recommend Inn at Venice Beach without hesitation.

Very Luxurious, but Pricey We stayed at El Conquistador for a wedding, so our experience may not be typical. The resort was quite luxurious, quite beyond what our family is accustomed to. We had a balcony room overlooking the Caribbean. The children loved the pools and the grounds. The resort has its own island that you can go to (about a 10-min. boat ride), which really felt exotic. The worst problem at the hotel was that the food at the resort was not included, and everything was quite expensive. There was a Starbucks inside the resort which was the most reasonably priced place there. There were NO water fountains anywhere in sight, forcing us to buy water bottles at $7 each. If you are in Fajardo and want really exceptionally good Puerto Rican food, go to El Pasion del Fogon. It's down the road from the resort.

Loved the Park Plaza We just returned from 4 nights in this great hotel. Our family is two seniors and 2 twenties daughters. The price is right and the restaurants great. We opted for the extra money for the breakfast and cocktails. This was a bargain as well. The breakfast is sumptuous and provides everything you could want for breakfast no matter your country of origin. The cocktail area with a few hors d'oeuvres was also nice and worth the money. We ate at the hotel restaurant two nights and had one lunch in the noodle restaurant--all excellent. The people at the front desk were very nice as were the concierge staff. One man even agreed to have our taxi driver keep in cell contact with him because of the language barrier. The rooms were good size and beautifully decorated. The bathrooms roomy. My husband is an architect and he was very impressed with the interiors. We walked to the Forbidden City a couple of times and Wangfujing Street is near by. If you are homesick there's a Starbucks in the cul-de-sac. If you need to call from the US we found the English to be good and the arrangements to be just as we requested.

Not so good anymore Sirenis Cocotal Beach Punta CanaOctober 13th - 27th 2008We had a fantastic holiday at Sirenis Cocotal in 2006 but this time not so good.The hotel has dropped from a 5* to a questionable 4* now and it was evident in the apprearance of many public areas and service levels.Replacing the central water features with grass and flowers helped remove some mosquitos from the evening walk to the bars. The gardens are a magnificent example of what it was in 2006.Our pre-booked room was excellent and the cleaning service first class. Food was presented, adequate and plentiful at all outlets, bars were good and the Italian and Japaneese theme restaurants were exceptional and worth a visit..All the table service staff were very pleasant and attentive, not so their supervisory staff who seemed somewhat remote from general guest contact and needs.Reception and cashier staff were fairly ordinary, understaffed and not too bothered about helping in any way that interrupted their chatter. TIP - Pay the deposit for safety boxes in dollars else you get 2000 Pesos on your last day.Do not hesitate to contact IRIS the first class customer services manager who seems to be the only management member with any idea about customer satisfaction. This lovely lady 's staff organised a super small celebration for our wedding anniversary in the Italian theme restaurant.Beach and pool facilites were excellent and loungers plentiful, pool bar staff are the best on site. Pool towel room ran out of returned towel cards on last day so towels had to be taken to the reception check out. Check hotel charges very carefully especially the spa/beauty treatments if you have discount options on any facilities that you use though the VIP Club membership.In addition to some sewage smells around the conference centre the main complaint is that local Dominicans descend on Friday afternoons until Sunday evenings and take over most of the hotel facilities, bars, pool and restaurant queues, thats the time to take an excursion.Due to the My Travel takeover last yeat we had to travel with Thomas Cook Airlines - late departure as normal, lack of any company communications, poor in flight service and local Representatives were of rather poor quality - come back Airtours.One incident was the visiting fire eating cabaret act setting light to a palm roofed maintenance hut and seeing the staff putting the fire out with hand extinguishers, water in pots from the pool and a fire hose that was short and did not work.Recommend and return:- Not until quality is re-instated.Likes: Garden setting, pool and beachDislikes: Poor service from reception /cashier staff, locals taking over at weekends, felt like UK holiday camp with sun.

Riu Bambu is ok I stayed at this hotel in early December and i had read a lot of really bad reviews and was a bit worried about my stay......however..... it was fine!!!The beach was fab and me and my boyfriend never had any problems in finding a sun lounger.The food was ok but not brilliant.The staff were all great and were really helpful.The resort was too quiet for myself and my boyfriend, much prefer the livliness of Cancun, but if you are looking for a relaxing getaway then it is ok.

Stylish Modern Art Deco hotel -- but bathrooms are small The very stylish art deco decor begins in the 2 story lobby. There's a gas fire place surrounded by bright, stylish furniture, dark book shelves and terrazzo floors. The blue violet velvet panel behind the front desk is repeated in elevators that have aluminum walls and black trim. There are 3 sizes of rooms; I stayed in the middle size($109 per night) with 1 bed and it would have been cramped for 2 people. Floor plans vary from room to room but all rooms have large windows and views. Room decor is also art deco: windows have floor length black gold striped drapes, beds have shams and bolster; tables and nightstands are light maple finish.My bathroom had a toilet in one corner with pedestal sink next to it and tub on other side of sink. There was no space between these items and the towel rack was almost over the toilet. There was only 1 glass shelf just big enough to hold a tissue box and a spare roll of toilet paper. I had to put my curling iron on the toilet tank. The toilet paper holder was under the pedestal sink's water shut off - and about a foot above the floor. If you want a spacious bathroom or a room with 2 sinks, you won't find it here. Towels were larger and softer than usual; room was equipped with microwave, refrigerator, blow drier, iron ironing board. The room was very clean. I stayed 2 nights and didn't hear any noise from other rooms. The entire property is non-smoking. Front desk staff was courteous and helpful. There's a complimentary continental breakfast in the basement and a Tully's coffee shop off the lobby.It's easy to find from the freeway and in the midst of restaurants and shops in the University district.I would stay here again. If you're in the area, stop in just to see the lobby decor (see their web site).

Go for the tower rooms! I stayed here on November 7-8, 2004. When I read the previous reviews, I asked if my reservation was for a wing or a tower room. It was for a wing room but the reservation staff courteously changed it to a tower room. Access to the tower is by external glass elevators. My room was large, quiet and had a small balcony. There was a stain on the carpet but otherwise it was clean and well maintained. The room was equipped with a coffee maker, iron ironing board and blow dryer and there were 2 sinks - one inside the bathroom and one outside. The room did not have a refrigerator or microwave; the high speed internet connection in the room cost about $10. There is no complimentary breakfast; there is a coffee shop and an espresso bar that also sells yogurt, bagels and pastries. The hotel has a complimentary airport shuttle that runs every 15 minutes, 24 hours a day. I was attending a large conference held at the hotel. My co-workers with wing rooms said they were 'okay' and they heard some noise from neighboring rooms. The wing hallways had a damp smell. One wing building was closed for renovation.All staff were very courteous and helpful. For me the location worked well since I was attending events at the hotel and didn't have to rent a car to get there. If I had transportation and didn't have events at the hotel, I would look a few miles away for a better buy for the money.

wonderful two weeks We have just returned from a 2 week vacation at the Renaissance Ilikai on Waikiki. The hotel was very clean, service excellent and the Japanesse and Patio restaurants also excellent. Very friendly staff all around. Once you have registered you notice that everything is all open and on one floor with 4 elevators to the rooms. The floral arrangements were beautiful throughout the grounds. Nice view of the harbor with a distant view or the ocean. Sunsets were very enjoyable from the patio area. Hawaiian entertainment on Thurs, Fri. and Sat. evening and also fireworks on Friday. Car rental on site and also hotel is located on the bus route. Many restaurants in the immediate area. About $5.00 taxi to mid town Waikiki beaches. Two weeks were not enough for this balmy island.

Good Location, small room, good price for Boston We drove to Boston so parking was a bit of a problem. You have to park in a parking station about a 10 minute walk away. The hotel is on a busy road so there was no available parking spaces in any block near the hotel, let alone in front of the hotel and you can't double park to drop off your suitcases because of the traffic. We dragged our suitcases all the way from the parking station. It would be challenging if you had young children or elderly travellersThe hotel itself is modern and the rooms are clean and modern, though quite small - there really isn't anywhere aside to put your suitcases - wherever you put them, you will have to step over them to move around the room. There was free internet and a free breakfast. The Location is great - Boylston St has several bars, restaurants, the subway to downtown and there's a street that has upscale boutiques and shops that is one block away. The price was under $300 which is good for Boston.

Hostel Masquerading As A Hotel We stayed in a standard double room which was 2 single beds pushed together. If your room is on the second floor, it is the attic level so your outside wall will be a sloping one. Unfortunately for us we were in a corner room so we had 2 sloping walls.We walked into our room and with one step from the door were the beds - our room was the width of 2 single beds pushed together. The 2 sloping walls meant we could only stand upright near the door. It felt like we were living in a tent. I saw into other rooms along this floor and they were all of a similar size.The bathroom was small with a corner sink the size of the ones found in airplane toilets. My husband found it awkward to shave in. The bathroom was also very mouldy - the bottom layers of tiles had mold growing around them and in all the corners. There was no where to hang the towels - you have to put your towels on the bed and lean out to grab them (no great feat seeing the size of the room).The beds were saggy and my mattress was broken at the foot of the bed. That wasn't the only broken thing - the window was broken and wouldn't close which was Ok as being in the roof meant it got really stuffy during the warm days although pigeons kept coming in to sit on the window sill. There is a small plastic clothes rack that was broken too but we managed to prop it up in the small space. We then had to call down to ask for coathangers - why provide a rack without hangers - so they generously gave us just 2. There was no rubbish bin in the room either.The walls and also the door are extremely thin. We were woken the next morning by what sounded like someone vominting outside our door. I looked out but it was coming from across the hall behind a closed door. I can hear people's conversations behind closed doors when walking along the hallway.The area is only a quick 10 minute metro ride downtown (at least 45 minutes if you tried to walk it) but we found only 2 places to eat and drink in within a 10 minute walk - nothing in the area to do.If you're claustrophobic or don't like hostels, DON'T stay here. This hotel is not hostel -priced however so if you're looking for a hostel, you're better off staying in the hostels that are closer to the city centre which are cheaper. I can't recommend this hotel for anyone.

Clean and Convenient I used TripAdvisor as my guide when selecting a hotel for our recent trip to Italy. We were a family of three, mother and two teenager daughters, first time visitors to Italy, speaking no Italian. Hotel Colomba was a good pick. The room was clean and comfortable, and the location was great. Went to the market, the academia galleria, duomo, and many other sites, all within easy walking distance. Staff was not especially wonderful with us, and did not allow us to eat breakfast early on the morning we were off to the Duomo. However, this small, unpretentious hotel was a great find. A computer with internet hookup is available free of charge for guests, which my daughters especially appreciated.

Beyond the call of duty We had a wonderful experience staying at the Simpson's of Potts Point. Everyone was very helpful and friendly. The room we stayed in was very tastefully decorated as was the whole BB. We never needed a car while in Sydney because of the great location of Simpson's. We walked to all the nearby restaruants, to Hyde Park, the botanical gardens and to catch the many ferries. What really made our stay so special was when we had left the Simpson's in a shuttle to the airport. The Simpson's called the shuttle to let them know that my husband had left his carry-on bag containing our passports and boarding passes at the BB. We called when we got to the airport and spoke with Keith Wherry. Keith told us not to worry, he would bring our bag to the airport in time for us to catch our plane. As promised, 20 minutes later, Keith pulls up with my husband's bag. He didn't have to do that, he could have just sent it in a cab, but that's not the way they treat their guests at the Simpson's.Morrisville, PA USA

Great location Stayed for a week in this hotel and after visiting a Travelodge in Melbourne for a few days came back for a further week. The Hotel staff are really nice and couldn't be more helpful. Breakfast is a bit expensive but there is plenty of it. The Hotel is apparently undergoing some renovation at the moment and some of the rooms could do with it. Having said that although the carpet in our room was a bit shabby the room was clean and the bed linen all seemed new. The second time we stayed we had a room with a balcony which was a bit more expensive but seemed to have been one of the upgraded ones and was really nice. The situation of the hotel was perfect. Five minute walk to Darling Harbour and ten minutes to Circular Quay. For us it couldn't have been better. The Hotel also has a bar and the restaurant does evening meals which we also sampled and could recommend.The price is reasonable and you get good value for money. I would definitely stay here again.

Great value for money We had a very good stay at this well located hotel which is very close to the Bart, cable car turnaround, Union Sq. shops/resturants and the Curran and ACT theatres. The staff was friendly and helpful and the room comfortable and clean though very small. It is on the very edge of the Tenderloin but the street people weren't any problem. For the amount we paid we could not have asked for better accomodations. We stayed 6 nights and the bill was less than $500.

A perfect hotel for room only Stayed four nights here and loved the location ,comfort and cleanliness of this hotel.We booked a superior room and it was quite a good size.I think all the superior rooms overlook the Rambles,and even though the windows have excellent double glazing it can be a bit noisey.The housekeeping was excellent,and the sheets were changed daily and towels twice daily.The first morning we ordered a continental breakfast to our room and it was quite good .The next morning it came it seemed as if it had been prepared the night before.We ate out the next morning(and there are plenty of coffee shops etc.minutes from the hotel)On the morning before we came home we had the restuarant breakfast at 21 euros.For a cold breakfast it was okay but the bacon and scrambled egg were just on cold trays.My husband ordered an omlette and it was more like a burnt fried egg! I wouldn't let the food stop me returning to this hotel as there are so many excellent eating places beside it.I loved everything else about the hotel and would stay here again if we return to Barcelona

I stay here everytime I'm in Hong Kong This is my favorite hotel in Hong Kong, although it is on the Kowloon side.. The staff are very helpful and friendly. The lobby is lovely, the place is incredibly clean and the rooms are reasonably sized, the amenites are nice and the beds are comfortable....really comfortable. I always reserve a room with a King bed and sometimes the room overlooks the street, sometimes it's just a courtyard with a wall about 60 feet away, but since I don't spend much time in my room and the view isn't important to me, I'm not concerned. My priorities are that the bed is good, the room is attractive, the television works well, that the bathroom is nice with lots of hot water and there needs to be a safe in the room. I have to admit that I also like the robes, the slippers, the fact that there is a dvd player and often times they leave fruit for nibbling and chocolates on the bed. The breakfast buffet is very good with a selection that is excellent for the western palate. They serve a terrific afternoon tea on the second level of the lobby in a lovely sitting area. The only real drawback is the distance to the MTR which is a solid 10 minute walk, so it's a bit of drag at the end of the day when you're carrying heavy bags. I've stayed elsewhere, but I always return to this hotel, it feels like home to me. Kowloon always feels safe, I see those signs mentioning pick pockets, but that has never occured with me, although I do keep my purse zipped and tucked under my arm. Two years ago, I even took my two teenage daughters and they felt completely at ease as well. Anyhow, I have nothing but positive things to say about this hotel. I hope you enjoy your stayCheers

OK for money This hotel was not as nice as the hotel's website led us to believe. the pictures showed much more up market rooms than we actually got. it is an old hotel and not one that is bright and contemporary like their website makes out!that being said, it was adequate for the 4 nights that we spent there on our tour of California. The location was excellent and the beds were extremely comfortable, which was great as we were dealing with jet lag at the time.I would recommend this hotel to anyone who doesn't mind a budget place, but don't be fooled by the hotels website.

poor thankfully we only stayed here one night as we had an early flight home the next morning and it was convenient for returning our rental car and getting the plane.I would not recommend this hotel for anything more than a short night for an early flight. It was not very nice at all. facilities were poor and the room wasnt too clean.

Great Beach Location.... The lobby was a tease to the actual state of the rooms. While clean and acceptable, they were dated, the wallpaper in the entry didn't match the wallpaper in the part of the room where the beds were. The tub was a little dingy. We had an ocean view balcony and the wind was making all this stuff on the balcony above us fly around and make noise, so we phone front desk to access the situation, they never called us back, it was a fitful sleep, but in their defense there was a tornado warning so winds were high. The lobby is beautiful though, but don't expect the rooms to match the decor. For the price and location I would definetly stay again, but with lower expectations upon entering the lobby.

Great Location I stayed at the Machiavelli Palace for 3 nights. The hotel is located just around the corner from the train station and is also within walking distance of the Domo, Uffizzi and is about 20 minutes from the River Arno.I was very impressed with this hotel. The front lobby and breakfast room were nicely decorated with lots of antiques and frescos on the walls. The front desk staff were very helpful.The room was also nicely decorated and included an ensuite bathroom, mini fridge and flat screen tv. The continential breakfast was great! I was impressed with the variety of breakfast items that included bread, cheese, meats, fruit, yogurt, orange juice, coffee, tea and sweets.The only reason I would not rate this hotel higher is because of the noise from the street below. Out of 3 nights I only had one night of uninterupted sleep. I really hate to give this hotel such a bad rating because it was really good - if you decide to stay here, please ask for a room on the upper floor, and one that looks out over the court yard, not the street.

Very good MY husband and I have just returned from spending 3 nights at this hotel. The location we found excellent, right in the middle of the financial district and near to the subway station (kings). Our room was great, fully equipmed with everything - washing machine, dryer, microwave, dishwasher. The only thing which let the room down was the view - unfortunately we had an internal room - Floor 13 room 1303. Which meant the room was quite dark and was impossible to see what the weather was doing!! Breakfast was not included, so we had ours at St Lawerence market, which is well worth walking the 2 blocks - the peameal coated bacon sandwiches were amazing!

FAB! After many months of searching for a hotel, I came across this website and settled on this hotel. THANK GOODNESS!! For the money this hotel is lovely, excellent location, good service, fab breakfast, we had a huge room with 2 double beds. We ate in the hotel on our last night as the snow was too deep to go out! We found the food, despite a rather select menu to be very good value and the service was great. We also went to the Marriot revolving bar and found the drinks to be very over priced and the service terrible. I would not advise anyone to go there.

A very convenient location! My husband and I stayed at the Michelangelo on October 9th -13 2007. We did need to change rooms because of the traffic noise from 51st St. below our 4th floor room and a huge flashing billboard tv screen outside the building across the street. The front desk Manager changed our room with only a very brief argument about our losing our view. I did not say anything about the lovely view of the giant, flashing tv screen. Once moved to the 5th floor, we slept very peacefully as we had an inside room. As other travelers have mentioned, air conditioner noise is a slight problem. The staff is very attentive and the rooms are kept clean. The complimentary Continental breakfast each morning has a nice selection of coffees and the Danishes are fresh and plentiful. There are plenty of restaurants close by if you'd prefer a short walk for breakfast and for other meals. The location is great for shopping as 5th Ave and Henri Bendel are a ten minute walk. I must recommend the Frick Collection at 1 East 70th St. A great museum of what was once a grand home and a private collection! We will definately stay at the Michelangelo again.

Clean But Far The Sheraton, with American amenities, was perfectly clean and comfortable; however, it was about 10 minutes from the center of Florence and across several large roadways which make even a long walk out of the question.

A mixed Blessing Just returned from Excellence Punta Cana with my husband and a good friend. I would have liked to give this resort an excellent review, but honestly can't because of the poor wait service in the dining rooms. Even though the hotel says it has 10 restaurants, several of them (Chez Isabella, Agave) are extremely small and very understaffed and the staff that is there has obviously not been trained. We met one guest who was fuming after waiting 1 1/2 hours to be seated and then another 2 hours to get his food! Other problems included a constant shortage of pool towels, rooms that were not made up until 5:00 pm, several power outages (one lasting over 10 hours). If you try to communicate with the staff at reception, or practically any other place the standard answer is wait ten minutes!On the plus side, when you do get your food, it is almost consistently very good, the beach is superb, the grounds are very well maintained, the security staff is alert,the rooms are spacious and the spa is great and easy to book!

hip and fun hotel - we're anxious to return! What a refreshing blast from the past. My husband and I stayed at the Belmont during the Texas/Oklahoma game weekend, on October 11th. The hotel was booked to capacity (note to self: book early for next year's game). This was our first stay at the Belmont, and we loved the hotel. Because of events related to the State Fair and the football game (Texas Longhorns now ranked #1!), we didn't spend a lot of time at the hotel, but we did walk the grounds and ate at the Cliff Restaurant next door.In short, we had a wonderful experience. Despite the hotel being fully booked, or perhaps because they had planned for it, the staff was available and responsive, and we felt well attended, from the valet staff, to the staff members who drove the shuttle that took us to the bus station to catch a bus to the Fair, to the front desk and housekeeping staff. Mandy was especially considerate and helpful. Nice to see someone who keeps their cool on a what was almost certainly a demanding weekend, and seems to actually enjoy her job.Our room was basic, a room outside the main building in the old motor court area. The room was fresh and clean, and quiet (as we had requested). The bathroom was older with updates and sparkling clean, with large fluffy towels. We added the romance package to our stay, which included a nice French Brut champagne and chocolate-covered strawberries. The menu at the Cliff Restaurant was varied (light eating to full dinners), and our dinners and desserts were delicious, with super-attentive and friendly waitstaff. Room service is available from the Cliff. Valet parking is (or was, on this weekend anyway) $15.00 per night, and not free as we had expected, although the in-and-out was free. We used the valet since the parking was more secure, although there is a self-park lot next door to the Cliff Restaurant.We're already talking about returning to this charming restored hotel. If you like a hip, retro hotel (with a few key modern conveniences), and with staff that actually seem to enjoy working there, check out the Belmont. We predict you'll arrive and leave with a smile on your face. We did.

clean, comfortable, affordable Traveling to Madrid as a solo female, I felt safe in this very clean and well-located hotel (just steps from the Plaza del Sol and the Plaza Mayor). From my initial experience booking on the Internet, to checking in and out, I found the employees of the Hotel Plaza Mayor to be muy amable...very kind and helpful. English spoken here, though all tolerated my sincere attempts to speak Spanish. I stayed in room 504, a small room with a twin bed, for 60 euros per night. The bathroom (toilet, sink, shower) was spotless, and yes, small again. But who spends much time in their room in Madrid? I was very happy with the room, for the price. The room also had a safe (1.2 Euros per day), a TV, and a desk. Pequeno, si, but functional. My room overlooked a small, charming Plaza, which was busy for much of the day and into the night, but on the 5th floor, I heard very little with windows closed. No sounds from other rooms either, though the hotel was almost full during the time I was there.The Hotel offers breakfast for an additional fee. I recommend trying the small cafe directly across the plaza (to the left) in front of the Hotel, for a cafe con leche and pastry (2.10 Euros).Also - Consider having dinner with steak (solomillo) at Casa Paco's, a few minutes' walk from the Hotel (Puerta Cerrada 11, just off the Plaza Mayor), with salad and Valdepenas red wine. This will set you back a few Euros, but worth every penny. Enjoy.

comfy bed, good value for money I just returned from a 2-night stay in Honolulu, at the Aqua Palms. I booked this hotel based on generally good ratings on Tripadvisor. Overall, for a base cost of $90.00 per night (AARP or AAA rate on the hotel's website), the hotel was a good deal for Honolulu. Add $18.00 per day for secure parking under the hotel (still a good deal for Honolulu). I liked the parking, and didn't mind paying, in order to have a car available. Unless you plan on staying/walking around only in crowded, hectic Waikiki (and you really shouldn't), a car is a good investment on the Island.The room was really clean, with a unique, colorful Island decor. Not fancy, but it made me smile. The pillow top bed was made for getting a good night's sleep - very nice. I also thought my room, at the end of a hall (no balcony/lanai, though many rooms have them) was quiet; I heard nothing that kept me awake from any direction. One welcome source of music from outside my room was the chirping of a friendly mynah bird that came back often during my stay, perching on the adjacent balcony (did I mention that I didn't have a balcony? --- and wished I did! --- next time).I was told on booking that with an AARP rate, I was eligible for an upgrade, based on availability. When I arrived at the hotel, the clerk seemed surprised to hear about this (I had it in writing, as part of my reservation confirmation). She told me no upgrade was available, unfortunately. A box of macadamia candy was given to soothe my distress. Ah, well. Overall, the hotel was a good deal for the price, a tradeoff for being on or closer to the beach. I felt safe and welcomed generally by the hotel staff. If you want a fancy pool or other facilities, be prepared to spend more money...quite a bit more, probably. If you want a clean, quiet place to sleep in between exploring the amazing sights, smells, and sounds of Oahu, this should more than fit the bill.

Grear Location, rude staff I booked to go to Barcelona for my hen weekend with 12 of my friends. We arrived at the hotel at mid day after being up since 3 am. We were told our rooms were not ready and to come back in 3-4 hours!! Couldn't help but notice they booked the Spanish guests in without a problem. We came back 3.5 hours later to be informed that they didn't have the triple room we had paid for through Last minute.com. The hotel staff spoke good English but their customer service skills were poor to say the least. After argueing with them for almost an hour, I phoned Last minute.com myself as the hotel staff said it isn't their problem and told me I had to sort it out myself! After finding out that Last minute.com had decided to cancel our triple room without informing us, the staff then gave us another double room. One of my friends had to stay on their own, which isn't the end of the world, but it's the principle of the matter. I've never been to 3-4* hotel and been treated like this.The waiter round the pool area would not take orders from the seating dinner area outside as he said it was too much for him to keep walking up and down!! Sorry, thought that was his job!! The rooms were a nice size and we were over looking the pool which was sometimes noisy. There was building work going on next door which woke us up every morning with loud drilling. The rooms are not noise proof and you could hear everything going on down the corridor.Other than that, the hotel is a superb location and would recommend to stay in the Olympic Port area as there is so much to offer food, drink and bar wise. We got the num 14 bus which took you into the Las Rambles. It ony took 10 mins. The nightlife was brilliant and anyone wanting to do some traditional Salsa dancing go to Mohito's, it's fantastic and brilliant for a girls night out..Make sure you know exactly where you want to go as not all the Taxi drivers speak good English. Overall Barcelona is a fantastic city and I can't wait to go back. I would stay in the Olympic Port again, but not Icaria hotel.

What a Great Value! I stayed at the Hotel Europa on two separate occasions last October and all I can say is, Wow! Its location is perfect; the rooms are comfortable and super clean; and the staff is simply fantastic. It is undergoing some remodeling, but that did not interfere with the good-night sleep I had on both occasions. I could not hear the outside noise either. On the last night I was there, I had dinner at the hotel's restaurant. The waiters were courteous and helpful when asked for suggestions, the service impeccable, the dinner simply great. I now know this is the place to stay whenever I'm in Madrid.

Terrible To start out the employee who checked us in was very rude.I called for more pillows and couldnt get thru for the first severral times I called. When they did answer they re connected me to 3 different people and I still didnt get the pillows. I then called the front desk again and told them not to re direct my call and to plz bring 2 more pillows, I finally did receive them later that nite. The carpet in the hall way is in need of a shampoo. Very dirty, there were food particles that were never vacummed the entire 3 days we were there. There is a unpleasant smell in the hallways as well. The room is totally outdated. The ceiling in the bathroom has been patched and is still coming down. There is rust and one of the doors on the sink counter was hanging on by one hinge. Tried to use the fitness center , the bike, elliptic and stair master did not work. There was a terrible odor in the basement where the fitness center was located. Found a room down the hall with a large amount of standing water that had been there for who knows how long that smelled of mold. The only good part was the beach until we tried to use it. There were tiki huts but guests had to pay $20 to use them. You could get a chair if you wanted at no cost.But they charged you a $30 a nite resort fee. For what???Also, there is not much of anything to do within walking distance of this hotel. Stay elsewhere closer to South Beach even if it costs more you will regret it if you dont. This hotel is not worth $130.00 per nite and is no where near a three star.

Great little Hotel This is a great place to stay if you are in New York to sight see. It was the perfect place to crash after being out all day. We had a room on the 3rd floor at the back of the hotel and so didnt hear the traffic outside at all. The staff are really helpful and very friendly. Yes the rooms are small and we had up graded to a superior room after reading the reviews on trip advisor and i am glad that we did. The room was still not big at all but was enough space for the 2 of us for 5 days. New York is great and i would definately stay at Hotel 41 again as the location in perfect!!!!

Great place to stay I think YIPPEE did a great job telling you about this hotel. I can't add too much other than to say I'd stay there again and I'd reccommend it to anyone.There is a quaint restaurant/bar on the corner on the marina side that had some really good burgers and the atmosphere was fun. Can't remember the name - sorry.

Upon arrival in venice we felt as we were part of film set we stayed at the fantastic hotel to celebrate my 40th birthday, i wanted the occasion to always be memorable, the hotel and staff certainly made it that way ,as recommended by other Trip Advisor users i would arrive by the express bus to Pizzale Roma and walk across to the hotel it is only a few mins away and you will find it straight away if you look for the green dome of the church of St simeon piccolo which is next door. Upon arrival at the Hotel we were greeted by a very friendly and helpfull lady on recetion, the hotel is charming,very clean,exceedes it's 3 stars has lovely rooms with lovely furniture ,glass chanderliers and richly coloured bed linen.bathrooms wer nice and clean, we had a side room you could hear the sound of the boats and chatter on the street in the morning it had a nice buz about it and was not noisy at night.The continental breakfast was very good eat as much as you like. The location was brillant next to waterbus stops.walk over the scalzie Bridge cheap coffe shop stand up like locals 2 euros. cant find any thing negative to say venice is wonderfull, used tourist 72 hour pass to get all over, burrano brill, Lido and torcello. book now dont hesitate.

Left my heart in San Francisco Victorian Homes, San Francisco

A must stay in NY I stayed at the Westin NY for 2 days on a business trip. I was quite pleased with the entire stay. The hotel was top notch as was the service. The rooms were quite spacious compared to other hotels i've stayed at in NY. My package included champange and strawberries upon arrival and full breakfast for 2 in bed. It was quite luxurious. I was very pleased with the room, amenities, staff, views of NY from my room and every detail of my short stay. I would definitely reccommend and stay again in the future.

An okay stay... My fiance and I recently went on a 3-island Hawaiian trip in October 2007. Our stay in Oahu was brief (2.5 days, two nights). I based my hotel pick via tripadvisor and so I chose Aqua Palms and Spa. The hotel is relatively recently renovated. Location: a decent 15minutes walk to the Waikiki beach (we walked through the Hilton huge complex (shopping village/hotel) across the street to get to the beach. The hotel faces a construction building. Otherwise, not near the central bustle of Waikiki. It's like a hotel at the end of the Las Vegas Strip.Hotel: The staff was friendly especially Mark with helping us get taxis. The front desk was friendly too. However, not much help in terms of things to do, places to eat, etc... recommendations. Kept referring to the concierge. The room was nice and comfortable. However, the kingsize bed is actually a queen size bed. The place was overall nice. Near a convenience ABC store. The coffeeshop/diner down the block was always packed. Tasted good and cheap ($10 or less per person).Concierge: Luckily, I've been to Oahu before. The concierge reminded me of a slimy Joe Pantoliano/scam artist style. Very rude. Would make you wait forever to help you. He appeared to have the ability to serve only one couple at a time. We were lucky enough to get a map of Oahu/Waikiki from him. Our guide book was way better than him. Overall, place was decent. But we would look into other hotels next time.

I like this Little Old Hotel Silvermine Bay is a BEAUTIFUL bay at the Mui Wo area (the other end of the island) of Lantau. It is secluded, quaint, and clean town. In the middle of it is the Silvermine Hotel, facing the beach. The staff is quite friendly, helpful and try to accomodate you. The food is so-so. The room is tiny but sufficient and the little things they provide for the guests are plenty. The other building was still being renovated and we were billeted in a separate building still w/ great ocean or mountain view.Sometimes one does not have to stay in a grand place to feel rich.It's definitely a serene respite from the hustle and bustle of Hongkong and Kowloon.

Exactly what you need in Waikiki! First let me say that I have stayed at the Four Seasons in the US and abroad as well as at $10/night hotels in SE Asia and this really met all of my expectations. Not super fancy, not a dive, good value for my dollar. This is Waikiki after all so yes, it's noisy at night, yes, there are expensive restaurants and lots of people. If you want a different experience, stay at Turtle Bay on the North Shore or head to another island.I got a $192/night rate on Orbitz for an Ocean Front Deluxe and ended up in room 2761 in the Diamond Head tower. Tried to check in at 1pm, but the room was not ready. Came back at 3pm as advised and we were set. They did try to put us in an Ocean VIEW (rather than Ocean Front which is a nicer category) room, but when I pointed it out, they made a speedy change.The hotel is in a great location 20 steps from the beach and our room was nice and large with a spectacular view. It had a large side chair/ottoman, desk and chair, flat screen, dresser, separate dressing bathroom area. The pool is tiny, but the lounge chairs are very comfy and if you want to be in the water, the beach is 20 steps away. Service was excellent and for the price we paid, it was a bargain.I also really liked that when you called or spoke to the concierge about doing an activity, they gave you all the options including how to take a bus ($2) to get somewhere vs. pushing you into one of the tours.PROS: Big room, great view, good price, they loan you sand chairs and beach towels to take to the beach for free, car rental on site, laundry on site if you need it, live music at the pool/bar in the evening, and right in the heart of everything WaikikiCONS: Restaurants in the hotel are only so so and kind of pricey (but lots of things in walking difference that are better/cheaper), the door has a big gap underneath so lets in light from the hall, the non-smoking rooms allow smoking on the decks so if you have your door open or are outside it smells when others smoke. The bed is not super comfy, but the linens are great.

Excellent deal in Los Angeles! I do my homework and it usually takes me a full month to search out the very best deal wherever we travel to. It was Labor Day weekend when most if not all hotels raise their rates sky high. I kept coming back to the airport area for lower rates and the Renaissance Montura LAX had the best deal going - about $95 per night! And to make it even better - the hotel honored their guarantee that if you find a cheaper price on any other travel site they will give you a lower price. I found it for less on Expedia and the room rate was lowered to about $68 per night! Now the Renaissance chain is a Marriott hotel so they have a fabulous bed which is wonderful. We got in late Friday night from San Francisco and were received with excellent hospitality, smiling faces and easy check in. We were even upgraded to a higher floor and more expensive room with a 'club' to go to for snacks, breakfast bar if wanted and a quiet place to relax with coffee or a glass of wine in the early evening. The room was clean, had a great view and flat screen t. v. which was great. Good shower and super clean bathroom! I am exceedingly fussy about a clean bathroom in hotels. The restaurant has fabulous food and wonderful breakfast. So, watch this hotel for a great price for high quality. You do have to pay for parking and internet connection daily - so remember to add that extra $27.95 in when you budget your travel plans. It is also is right at the airport with a free shuttle which is so helpful as well.

Very tired hoel in great location This very tired looking hotel in a great location. My room was very dated and had a view of a high wall, stair well and fire escape! The bathroom looked as though it had not been decorated since the end of Word War 2! On the plus side the staff were very helpful, the restaurant was very good and reasonably priced, the fast free internet and complimentary coffee and cookies in the lobby were nice touches and of course, the location was brilliant.

Great Value I am writing this review as I sit in my room at the Coral by the Sea in Isle Verde. Yes, they have free wifi. This is defenitly not the Intercontinental but, for the price, its very nice. When we arrived, there was no problem checking in and the staff was very friendly and accomadating, even at 12:30 in the morning. We found our room very clean. Its small, and the bathroom is really tiny, but it works. Its great for just sleeping and taking a quick shower in the morning and heading out. The location is perfect, very close to the beach, about a 1 minute walk to the bus stop (that takes you to Old San Juan), and the restaurant downstairs is also great. Very good Gelato. If you are looking for just somewhere to sleep, this is ideal. Very good for the price. We were expecting the wrose after reading reviews, but were very pleasantly surprised. NO BUGS either ( a huge phobia of mine) A few tips: There is no hair dryer or shampoo or iron in the room, so make sure you bring your own.

high class on a budget My husband and I are both in graduate school, while working full time, and decided that after finals we would take a weekend to get away. I bought tickets to the Blue Man Group at the Charles Playhouse, and found a deal to the Park Plaza (nearly next door) for $99 per night. We booked a Saturday night in December. The hotel is VERY regal, full of history, as can be seen in the chandeliers and mouldings, and original tile in the bathroom. The room we booked was, understandably, very small, but completely sufficient. It needs a little updating, but it was more than sufficient for our needs. We didn't utilize the restaurants, shops, or room service, so I can't speak to those aspects of the hotel. Check in was easy, no problem. We found our room with little difficulty. Bed was VERY comfortable, and there was a plethora of pillow choices. Cable was great, nice deep tub in the bathroom, everyone was pretty friendly.The one main downside of this hotel was that the walls were VERY thin. We could hear arguments going on down the hall, and we could hear EVERY word. I've never come upon this problem before, and was a bit confused as to what to do. Eventually it just stopped and everyone, presumably, went back to sleep. Other guests were stomping their feet on the floor and banging on the walls to get them to stop, but they were obviously intoxicated and oblivious. It was 2 AM. We could also hear other guests down the hall having a completely different and seemingly more pleasant interaction. Very clearly. I'm not sure if it was the clientelle was that there that weekend of if the walls are particularly thing, or a combination. I like to go away and be alone, but this aspect made it difficult to feel like you're alone. You were aware of everyone all of the time. It might be different in the upgraded tower rooms, but certainly not in the cheap seats.Otherwise, we really love Boston, and love to visit, just not sure we would go to the Park Plaza again. We went for a little of Old Boston on the cheap, which we were able to achieve.

Loved the Langham Our Langham Place stay started on a high note with our arrival at Hong Kong airport,we had arranged transfer with the hotel and our arrival at the airport hotel desk was greeted with smiles refreshments a lovely welcome and a speedy stress free transfer to the hustle and bustle of Mongkok and the towering glittering Langham Place hotel where once again the staff ensured that our welcome,check in and transfer to our suite on the 38th floor went smoothly and quickly.The rooms were spacious well appointed with a small kitchen lovely marble bathroom and a view over Mongkok towards the harbour to die for.The hotel is located within walking distance of the markets and a direct link to the underground station and you feel as if you are in 'old' Hong Kong.The Langham Place isa luxury modern hotel where the staff do everything to ensure that you enjoy your stay .We will be back .

Can't Recommend My husband and I stayed at Quality Inn Seattle in April 2006 for two nights. We had intended to stay four nights but had to leave early due to illness. We plan to return to Seattle next year but I would not stay at this hotel again. It was quite shabby both outside and in and it does not appear that the hotel is kept up very well. I did not realize that the hotel was so close to busy roads and the window of our room looked out over the highway traffic. The room was very small, cramped with the bed taking up all of the space. The room was barely clean, not well furnished, the mattress old and the bedding sparse. We found the room to be rather depressing and the bathroom was also small. The elevators were unreliable. Although the parking was free, hotel staff could not guarantee that we would have a space if we left with our car and returned. This made us feel nervous about leaving the hotel with our car. The breakfast was very plentiful, more choices of food than I've seen at most hotels but the room was very crowded, unpleasant looking and it was difficult to manuever around everything. The layout of the hotel is awkward as well. It appears that the hotel needs a complete renovation. I learned a lesson from staying here that in the future I will pay an extra $20.00+ per night if necessary and stay in a place that has a clean, attractive and cheery atmosphere with rooms large enough to move around in. I did appreciate that when we had to check out of the hotel earlier than planned, we were not charged for the two nights we had planned to stay.

It was alright... Check in was great as they let us check in early. Requested and got a mini refrigerator. Quite a walking distance to the Pike's Place. It was nice to have a supermarket about a block away. The room was ok.

Great location... Loved the location of this hotel but got a handicap room with no tub having to travel with 2 young children can be a bit challenging. Requested for 2 beds but was told not available. Otherwise a beautiful hotel. At check in, they did mention I was a priceline customer.

Fantastic Experience My husband, seven year old son and I stayed in the Golden Tulip Opera de Noailles from August 23rd to 29th this year. I would highly recommend this hotel to everyone. From the CDG airport, take the Roissy bus straight to the Opera and it is a few minute walk to the hotel. The hotel has an elevator, which is not so common for Paris; although it is small, it sure helped a lot with the huge three pieces of luggage that we had. The rooms are clean and neat, contemporary style, with balconies. The staff was extremely friendly, our son felt like at home in the office since he wanted to play with Mme dog each morning while we were having a leisurely breakfast. As for the breakfast itself: it was excellent, with a wide variety of options to choose from. For North Americans not willing to try the superb green tomato or fig jams (which I managed to find in a Provencal store and take home with me), there is cereal, orange juice etc. One can also sit outside in the small courtyard (weather permitting). An extremely nice touch from the Director was a bottle of champagne waiting in our room on my birthday (information leaked from our son). All in all, I do not think we will consider a different hotel next time we are in Paris.Family Baronian, Toronto

luxury and convenience Loved my stay at the Langham Place (5 nights) in October, 2006.Rooms are tight (shared with a work colleague).Plasma TV, luxury bathroom, and pillows made up for it!Loved the rooftop pool with it's amazing view and enjoyed early morning swims with the day's special non alcoholic fruit and herbal drink served poolside at 7am. Very decadent!The staff were all extremely helpful and friendly.The breakfast was amazing. The best buffet breakfast I have experienced. Asian and american, somuch to choose from and a chocolate fountain with fruit and donuts as you left the restaurant to patake in shopping, shopping, shopping or tours.The ladies market is just a block away, fantastic location and hotel attahced to shopping mall. Bought lots of MAC cosmetics in the department store at a cheap price.Overall a fantastic shopping and hotel experience.

A comfortable great experience We stayed at the Sofitel Berlin Schweizerhof In the City Center and it was a great choice. We were near the Great Berlin Zoo and the Shopping Street that has so many wonderful shops and Restaurants.We booked a City tour through the Hotel and were picked up at the Hotel and ended our tour nearby. It was a very nice tour of the New Berlin and well narrated with stops at Checkpoint Charlie and The Brandenburg Gate. We were told the History of the new buildings that were rebuilt after the War.The Hotel is very clean, comfortable and quiet and they go out of their way to help with most employee's speaking some English. When we called the Front Desk they answered in English with our Surname which made it easy for us to communicate and anything we ask for we were given immediate attention.The food at the Hotel is excellant and we order a few meals that were not on the menu..If they can accomodate you, they will..We had a wonderful stay at this Hotel.Janice and Richard Stewart

Good base for sight seeing Situated round the corner from the bus terminus was handy. We were given a large double room - parquet flooring, wooden furniture and a view of the street outside. Beware the shower in the bathroom, as the curtain that surround it is not long enough to stop the water flooding the floor so usually the floor is soaking wet!It does get cold at night - we went in Dec, so i used up all the blankets as the heating switches itself off at night.The breakfast was tasty - a buffet full of a selection of sweet pastries, breads, cereals etc.The hotel is within walking distance of everything but far enough not to be on the main drag.

Good hotel but overpriced My husband and I stayed at the Jazz for 7 nights to celebrate our wedding anniversary so we booked a suite. I knew the cost when I booked (direct with the hotel for suites unfortunately) but for that sum I expected separate living/sleeping rooms, however the suites are just large bedrooms with a bed settee and small table/chairs added. As a previous reviewer has said the beds are queen size but hard, although we did get used to them and slept well. Although the room and bathroom (506) were modern, clean and reasonably sized it was not what I had expected for 267 Euros a night for room only. I asked a receptionist if I could have bathrobes but she said that as they were only a 3 star hotel they didn't provide them - 3 star maybe but 4 star prices!! We didn't have breakfast in the hotel as I thought they were receiving enough of our money so I can't comment on the food. We did go into the bar on the 1st floor around 11.30pm one night but it was completely empty with no atmosphere, in spite of the hotel apparently being full. The pool was also being repaired throughout our stay so we not in use.On the positive side the hotel is well situated and the maid service is excellent. Soundproofing is also very effective and we always found the reception staff pleasant.Three restaurants we particularly enjoyed during our stay were:CAPUTXES - opposite the large church in the old town (not the cathedral - can't remember it's name but Del Mar rings a bell). It's an Italian restaurant and the lunches are really good value and excellent quality. Service is very good too.AGUA - near Port Olympic in the row of restaurants alongside the beach. Need to book for dinner as it's very popular but lunch is good too. A bit more expensive but worth the extra cost.Le Nits (not its full name but all I remember. It's in Placa Real, off Las Ramblas and queuing starts before 8pm - it opens at 8.30 - no booking. This place is fabulous, great extensive menu wine list -Not to be missed!

Great base Stayed here from 6th to 9th February and found it to be an excellent base from which to explore the area.The accommodation was in a room with twin beds, TV, minibar, desk and a large spacious and spotless marble tiled en-suite. The beds and towels were changed daily. The room was not very large but adequate enough for a short stay. A longer stay would warrant asking for a larger room. Storage space was limited, a chest of drawers would have addressed the shortfall.The hotel is just two minutes from the Placa Catalunya which is at the top of the Rambla. There are great shops between the hotel and the Placa and El Corte Ingles store is in the square. We only ate in the hotel once as we found a great restaurant on the left of the Rambla, near the hotel, called Attic. This had great food and evener better prices. We ate breakfast in two places, Viena, a cafe next door to the hotel (freshly squeezed orange juice, croissants and coffee), this cost 9.50 euro for two of us. We also had the same in Cafe Zurich on the Placa and it was 12.50 euro there but we did not mind as the cafe is steeped in history, worth a visit. To see the city and outskirts the best way is the hop on, hop off bus which leaves Placa Catalunya very regularly. There are two routes, the North and South and these join up for ease of transfer. We were a bit anxious, having read previous reviews that the staff might not be welcoming but we did not have that experience, quite the reverse, in fact. I fell on the afternoon before leaving and broke my wrist and sprained my foot. The staff were great getting me ice and ice packs plus sympathy and advice re contacting medical assistance, if wished. I could not fault them and found them very warm and welcoming.TIP - if ordering a taxi do it from reception, the receptionist will have the taxi driver call into the lobby and she confirms his booking, this way you are secure in the knowledge that you have got a proper taxi. I would recommend this hotel to couples, older people, smaller families, business visitors and single persons. As it is a quiet select type hotel it might not appeal to younger groups. It is very quiet and peaceful there. I cannot wait to return.

jewel in the latin quartier Booked this hotel on the internet having sought location advice from Trip Advisor. When travelling in France we always book Logis De France hotels as these have never disappointed. They are always lovely warm and friendly stopovers. This hotel is small but really comfortable with quite big rooms for Paris and a great en-suite. The staff are really friendly and will make calls for you and arrange trips. The hotel is close to a really exciting daily market and about 10/15 mins. walk of Notre Dame and the right bank. Breakfasts are great with croissants,chocolate croissants, yoghurts, cereal, cheese and crusty bread. Tea, coffee, water and pure orange juice are available along with jams.Be sure to go to Shakespeare and Co book shop on the bank of the Seine, a great experience.My children booked us a treat ride from the airport with ------------ and two lovely men, Vincent and Jimmy made our Paris experience with a night drive through Paris past all the sights. Magic.

Stayed here twice, never again I wrote a review about our previous stay at this hotel and said how I can't understand why people gave this hotel such bad reviews. Well, now I completely understand. Our first stay at the Occidental last year was great. But the second time around, horrible. We'll start with check-in, it took forever! People kept cutting in line in front of us (not the hotel's fault) but still, we waited in line for a long time. As for our room, it was clean except for all of the little bugs crawling around in the bathroom. We got a notice that they were going to fumigate, but I don't think that ever happened. We tipped the maid everyday, but there were 3 days that we had to call guest services to get bath towels because she didn't leave any. I don't think having bath towels is too much to expect out of a hotel! There was not one day that we had wash cloths. And never any fresh flowers like last year. And the maid didn't even have to make the bed because we brought our own sheets. I think all she did was sit in our room and watch tv because the tv was always on when we came into our room. The food also seemed to go downhill since last year. We only ate in the buffet, and it wasn't impressive. The service was terrible, we'd have to flag down a waiter to even get water. The resort also seemed terribly crowded. And lots of kids......annoying!!!! We walked to the Palladium and to the Bavaro Princess, they both seemed like beautiful resorts and definitely way less crowded. The only good aspect of our trip this year was the beach, always beautiful, and the new roulette wheel in the Occidental's casino. My boyfriend probably won $600 over our week long stay. We had 2 completely different experiences each time we stayed here, and we love Punta Cana's beach so we will probably return, but definitely not to this rat hole of a hotel.

It was all good!! I read over 60 reviews on various hotels in SF before choosing The Baldwin Hotel. Not fancy, but completely adequate. I recommend this hotel highly. Yes, it was very plainly furnished, no clock, and the bathroom mirror is on opposite wall than sink. But, everything else was just what we are looking for. Stayed 3 nights in March. Very safe location. Friendly, helpful staff. Excellent price. Clean, comfortable room. 1 block to Chinatown.I did not miss a mini fridge or micro. I definately will stay here again.

Made our break extra special Courtyard and bikes!

A nightmarish vacation My husband and I just returned from the Melia Caribe Tropical after having had many pleasant trips to the Bavaro Palace. What a mistake to pick this hotel! Our key card kept going bad, locking us out of our room, and had to be replaced 6x. The shower worked fitfully. Towels were sometimes nonexistent. The food in the beach buffet was pathetic: overcooked meat and fish, soggy vegetables and mushy pizza. Reservations had to be made in the a la carte restaurants, were often refused, and the restaurants were half-empty when you looked in. Food was mediocre, and we both got sick after dining in the Dominican restaurant. There were too few shade trees or shelters at the beach, and you had to get up at 6AM to reserve a chaise.The place was so huge, you needed to take one of 2 trolley trains to get anywhere, waiting in the heat and hoping they didn't break down. Overall we were happy to leave and will return to the Bavaro Palace from now on.

Royal Service is a Royal Joke if you have Victor and Francesco as Butlers We spent june 14th-21st at the melia. It is a beautiful resort, with wonderful views. The royal service was a great dissappointment for us. If you get victor or francesco as butlers, you will not see them after you are taken to your room. The y did not come thru with any of our requests and went as far as avoiding us and other of the guests they were assigned too. In fact the day out of check out they drove right past us. Make sure at check in you do your reservations, requests jacuzzi services and follow up with calls. We seemed to have been forgotten and didn't get the specialized service we wanted. I will say the Gabi is a great place to eat--Wandi- he is the best a caters to your needs. Wendy the bartender at the lobby was wonderful. They have great snacks. Benjamin, one of the drivers is the best and i will also say nicolas was wonderful. Other than that---you were on your own. I would consider talking to the resort and requesting to not have these butlers--maybe than your service will be great. I knew there was a problem when i spoke to 4 different couples that had the same complaint.As for the rides--do hesitate to keep calling until someone comes. As for the obstacle course and ziplines they were at an additional charge each and every time you used them after we were told differently.

Affordable Paradise We read at least 50 reviews before we booked our trip for May 19 -26 so here goes. Please read princessbubbles77 trip report of May 21 because she stayed in the same room as we did (3333) and had a similar good experience. Her TR was very thorough.The beach is awesome: Turquoise water and powdery white sand. Supposedly, even the beaches at the resorts on either side of Barcelo Premium are not as nice. The two pools are lovely and kept up nicely. The beach and these two pools are so nice, that I would have given this resort an Excellent even if there weren't other good things about it. I think there is discussion about whether this is a 3 or a 4 star resort because all the rooms aren't renovated yet. If we had been given an old room that was musty we wouldn't have been happy. As it was, we were given a newly renovated room which included a flat screen TV, pillow top mattress and no musty smell. The shower needs some kind of shower curtain because the 3x5 plexiglass shield does not keep water from going all over the bathroom. The minibar is stocked with water bottles, soda and Brama beer (not as good as Presidente but it will do). Being able to get water bottles all over the resort really keeps you hydrated and healthy. The food is just okay but I don't eat meat and the fish that I wasn't familiar with didn't appeal to me. I don't expect the food in the Caribbean to be good, but compared to other places that I stayed at, the food at Barcelo was the best. We liked the Tokio Hibachi restaurant and went there two times, although the grills make it hot in there. Roma, the Italian restaurant was quite good and air conditioned. I had a dessert there that was incredible. There were also gourmet desserts put out at the buffet that were quite delicious too. I liked the seafood restaurant El Marlin more than my boyfriend did, but I had lobster kabobs, even though I know the lobster in the Caribbean is chewy. With it out of the shell I could enjoy it more. The buffet changes a bit in the evening and on some nights it was better than others. There was a nice selection at the buffet in the morning, but it was kind of a pain getting your plate together. If you wanted toast you had to wait for it to go through the toasting machine and you had to get it before you got your eggs or else everything would be cold. I liked the cocktails. I couldn't tell that the beer in the tap wasn't Presidente but I drank mostly Pina Coladas and Strawberry Daquaris. They use just white rum for the pina coladas and the strawberry daquaris have a nice hint of lime and I liked them. I only tried Mamajuana on the last night but wished I had tasted it before that because I quite liked it. It tasted like grog to me and you can drink it without getting full. I thought the service was pretty darn quick, though I don't speak Spanish and that causes some delays and miscommunication. The entertainment in the evening was fine, though I wish they would cut out the lip synching and just stick with the dancing, which is quite good. The bonfire night was fun with the activities people playing funny group games and then lighting the bonfire and throwing fuel on it a few times. The disco did have a funny musty smell and I could have told my BF beforehand that he wouldn't like the music, which was dominican, some top 40 and some oldies. I'm a gambler and I play video poker in Atlantic City, so of course we hit the casino. They were handing out match play coupons for blackjack but I don't play table games. They have a table to play live poker but I never saw anyone playing. If you're familiar with video poker pay tables, it was funny to me that it's the same at the Barcelo Premium as it is in AC -- only one of the (7) machines had decent pay tables. We both played 9/7 DB for a small profit each. I would have played through my profit but my BF kept me in check. :-) The machines were from the Bellagio - they had plastic plates that listed them as such. You could put US bills into the machine but pay outs were in tokens to be redeemed at the cashier. A $100 pay out was a hand pay and the machine starts a-ringing. I too thought that Rahinel in activities was especially nice. He made a point to try to impart as much Spanish knowledge at the lesson in the pool bar at 10am as he could. Later he offered to sell us a CD of the Dominican music that they played, including the resort theme song that they do their little dance to for $10 and we're enjoying it now at home.Overall, this was the nicest Caribbean vacation I've ever been on, and beach vacations are not my preference to begin with. I hope that we won't be priced out of Barcelo Premium once the renovations are done and they work on more upgrades. We never left the resort and there was plenty for us to do. I'm looking forward to going back again. One note: Don't forget that the liquid restrictions on the plane are the same going into the DR as they are leaving it. I remembered to jam my hand cream into my checked luggage before we went through security, but completely forgot.... DOH!... that we were hand carrying bottles of alcohol that we had bought in the hotel as souvenirs. We were furious that they wouldn't let us back to check them but what were we thinking? No liquids over 3 ounces! After we calmed down we re-bought Rum and Mamajuana (not as good as the homemade stuff in the hotel) at the airport.

Loved every minute of our stay! My husband and I stayed at the Sofitel, New York to celebrate my birthday for 4 nights on 22 February. We have never been to New York before and the Sofitel was part of what made it so special. We were upgraded to a higher floor (16th) on our arrival and were pleasantly surprised on the size of the room and bathroom. The bed and pillows were so comfortable and there was hardly any street noise so we always had a really good nights sleep. We made use of the hotel's bar every evening after a full days sightseeing/shopping and found it a lovely way to finish the evening. The staff were efficient, helpful and polite so no complaints there. As it was a special occasion I had done some extensive research before booking the Sofitel and it ticked all the boxes. We didn't eat in the restaurant as we were out all day so can't comment but would recommend The Red Flame Diner for breakfast, just a couple of doors down. I would also recommend going to New York this time of year as we managed to visit The Empire State and the Top of the Rock with no queues at all and that was great!! If you like shopping make sure you visit Woodbury Common as well as 5th Avenue as there are great bargains to be had!All in all, we had an amazing time and would not wish to stay anywhere else next time we are in New York!

4TH visit to this hotel,very special hotel,and each and every staff very nise Wedding vows renewal

Not so brilliant Berchielli View from Piazza Michelangelo

Conflicting reviews My friend and I booked this hotel based on the reviews. After a two hour ordeal trying to find the place, we arrived and were hardly given a greeting. We were told what buses we needed to take to town and then shown to our room which was right next to the lobby. We had asked for a room with a view of the terrace and were given a room ON the terrace. As a previous review said, the walls are paper thin so if you sneeze the whole hotel hears you. The constant traffic in and out of the hotel is also very audible. Our shower was over the toilet and although I know this is common for older hotels, we were not excited about this and asked to change rooms. We were told that we had asked for a room with a view of the terrace and we have it. Sabrina offered to switch our room the next day to a room in which the shower was separate from the toilet and sink. We also could not open the door to the terrace because the cat would come in our room. The next day we switched rooms and the room was larger with a bathroom that had a separate shower. However, we never felt welcome in the hotel and the whole experience was uncomfortable. Although the room we switched to was not bad the overall experience was uncomfortable and we dreaded going back to the hotel everyday. We had just come from an exceptional hotel in Venice where we were greeted by our name everyday and asked how our day was so it was like night and day with this hotel. Although the room we moved to was not bad, I still have to give this hotel an okay rating because of the service.

Honeymoon in Florence Visited Florence for a week in March with my husband for our honeymoon. Florence is a beautiful city, full of culture, fantastic architecture, friendly locals and lots to do. We stayed at the Hotel Brunelleschi and loved it - the hotel is beautiful inside and quite unique. The staff were friendly (although when we spoke Italian, they replied in perfect English!) the service courteous, and when we visited their restaurant twice the food was fabulous. We were a little disappointed that our bedroom was on the small size, but the bathroom was a good size, everywhere was very clean and newly furnished, and a complimentary bottle of champagne arrived for us as soon as we checked in. The location is superb because you're in the centre of the city and within walking distance to everywhere - just pack the earplugs for the bells of the Duomo! Better than an alarm clock!Florence is an expensive city, (as are most cities) and food and drink not cheap - 2 cafe lattes in a cafe in one of the main squares will set you back about (english pounds). Our main bit of advice would be to prebook tickets for the Uffizi if you get the chance beforehand - we didn't and queued from quarter to 8 in the morning for 3 1/2 hours before getting in! And this wasn't even peak season!All in all, a wonderful city and a great hotel. Would have no hesitation in recommending the Brunelleschi, and I would suggest any visitor makes the effort to speak Italian because you'll receive a much better service.

Sick from Breezes We stayed at the Breezes Resort in Punta Cana from June 14th - June 21st. I read the reviews on this resort weekly to get a heads up as to what to expect. The reviews were very helpful as I did take precautions while visiting this resort. Rooms: The rooms were ok and were your typical hotel room. We stayed in building 7 which overlooks the pool/beach area. The view from our room was excellent!Service: We found the service in the restaurants to be good. The bars at night got pretty overcrowded and you had to wait a few minutes to get a drink. Maid service was a little iffy. We had three days in which our room was not cleaned and were not given clean towels. We had to call the front desk those days to have new towels delivered. The people we went with had an incident of some stuff being taken out of their room (two bottles of rum). Food: The food was not the best! The reservation system for the restaurants is ridiculous! You have to get in line between 5:00 - 5:30 to assure a reseveration at the Italian or Japanese restaurants. Out of all of the sit-down-dinners, we tried everyone except the French restaurnant. Our favorites were the Japanese, Italian, and Dominican Restaurants. The food in these restaurants were excellent! The Mexican food was not good and the food at the buffets got a little bland after a while. However, the desserts in the restaurants were incredible!Pool/Ocean: The pool and the ocean are beautiful! If you try to reserve an umbrella by the pool too early in the morning, it will get taken away by the workers and given to somebody else if you are not sitting under it.Night-Life: Not too much to do at night. The shows were pretty boring so we sat around the lobby and played cards (make sure you bring your own). The casino was very small...don't waste your time or money!We did a few excursions while on the trip. We took a shopping tour, went snorkeling (Marinarium - you swim with nurse sharks and sting rays) and did the Outback Safari. All of these trips were well worth it. Our favorite was the Outback Safari as you got to see a lot of the country!Now that we are home, 3 out of 4 of us are sick. My husband came back with a 104 degree fever last night. He just got back from the doctor and has a severe bacterial infection and has to be treated with Cipro. He has to miss work the next 3 days. The doctor says it was caused by unclean eating conditions (food not prepared properly, eating off an unclean plate, food not cooked or kept at the proper temperature). The other two are also extremely ill. They both have severe vomiting and diaherra. I am not going to tell anyone not to go to this resort as it is not my place to do so, just take precautions before you go and make sure to pack plenty of imodium, pepto, etc. If you have any questions please feel free to email me at:good_deal37@yahoo.com

Great Time at the Renaissance This hotel is very user-friendly. Staff is very knowledgeable and helpful. The room is clean and comfortable. The only complaint is overhead lighting in the room; however this was not a problem in the daytime when we opened our draperies on the 10th floor. 2 minutes away from the American Airlines Arena, great restaurants are close. Will be staying here again.

Amazing Amsterdam We stayed at this hotel from 14th - 19th February 2008. Upon arrival the reception staff were polite, welcoming and friendly, and the process of checking in was quick and easy. Our room was on the 2nd floor, at the back of the hotel. Whilst the room was smaller then we expected, it was clean and had everything we needed. The bathroom looked recently renovated, with a wet room style shower. Towels were changed every day, and the room cleaned. We didnt have any problem with noise, being at the back of the hotel it was away from the main street and therefore quiter. Breakfast was delivered to the room every morning, a time having being arranged the previous day, and consisted of a fresh warm bread roll, cheese, jam, butter, a strawberryorange smoothie, tea or coffee and an After Eight chocolate! Everything was fresh and individually packed. We stayed 5 days and all of the reception staff and cleaning staff we came across during our stay were helpful and friendly at all times. We would certainly stay at this hotel again.

What a fabulous hotel! What a fantastic hotel this is. It is very convenient, quiet, immaculately clean, and has probably the best staff I've encountered anywhere. They booked a concert for us, taxis and restaurants, and were always ready to give advice and suggestions or just to have a chat. If a light bulb went out, it was changed at once. The aquarium was amazing: I never even knew that you could grow corals like this.The constantly available chocolate, tea etc and cookies or cake were so much better than tea-making in the room.Our room was a little dark as there was scaffolding outside, but what the hell, we were only there to sleep. The room had everything we wanted, (including BBC1 2 on the TV). Even though the refurbishment was going on, it didn't inconvenience us and the workmen were very polite and tried to minimise the effect of their works. Amazing to see the corridors newly papered in a day!This family owned and run hotel is an example to all.

3 Star Prices With 4 Star Ambiance We stayed at Hotel Il Guelfo Bianco for several days beginning 10/1/04. The other four hotels on this trip were 4 star and we were shocked to learn that this hotel only has 3 stars. We had by far the largest room of any of our hotels and it included a couch and a window overlooking a garden. The furnishings were very tasteful and the beautiful old hallways were a gallery of very interesting contemporary art. The location is awesome (one block from David at the Academy) and the front desk was very helpful. They are a bit less formal than other hotels at this level and perhaps some people are disconcerted by that. Despite what others have said, the breakfast was fine, although we had to pay a bit extra for the excellent fruit salad.

A dream place view of Pita Maha from opposite ridge

Fantastic place Sunset on Jimbaran bay

You get what you pay for Don't expect too much, just remember that the price you paid is more for location, and not for the actual accomodations. It is a very short walk to the beach and all shopping locations. A good remodeling is long overdue, or maybe just a really good cleaning. I definitely agree, in it's day, this must have been a really beautiful hotel.

Did not feel safe I would never stay at this hotel again. The bed linens were dirty. My pillow case still had black mascara from the previous guest. When I looked behind the curtains, I discovered mold growing on them!! The window lock was broken. Although it is close to Union Square, it is a rough part of town. Walking these streets at night is not safe. The free pastries as disgusting! I would not eat them if they paid me to!

Great Place to Stay! Great Location, Clean, Friendly Staff (Thanks Keli!), and we would stay there again. Short walk to the beach. Check out time is Noon but our flight did not depart until 10:30PM. The staff allowed us to store our luggage and provided another key for us to use their shower and restroom for the rest of the day. They even arranged for a taxi to pick us up and take us to the airport. This is not a five star hotel but for the service we received was excellent. We would recommend it to families on a budget. Being spoiled Texans who love their air conditioning, it did take a night to get use to the air conditioning in the room. We decided to open the patio doors and just use the natural air conditioning and it worked great..

a gem The Waikiki Prince is a gem. It is a short block from Waikiki Beach directly behind the giant, expensive Hyatt Regency Hotel. All the rooms have balconies with peek-a-boo views of the water - which half the Hyatt rooms do not!The property is an older 6 story building, but is kept in great condition and sparkling clean. The elevator goes to the fifth floor, if you have a 6th floor room, you have to go up one flight of stairs on foot.My room was advertised as a Very Small Room, it was small, with a queen size bed, but more than adequate for one person, even for two if you had only one small suitcase between you. The bathroom was, in comparison, quite spacious. There was a microwave and coffee maker in the room. Other, larger rooms have kitchenettes. I paid $61.54/night incl. tax, and enjoyed it enough to return for a second stay. Although housekeeping comes only every 4th day, fresh towels and beach towels are always available on demand at the front desk.There are a lot of cheap places to eat in the immediate area, and several mini marts if you want to get things to eat in your room. Robert's Shuttle leaves the airport every 20 minutes and will take you right to the hotel for $9. Another company, which you can book at the front desk, will pick you up for $8, but they come only once an hour.The young man at the front desk could not have been more helpful and accomodating. There are no phones in the room (there are TVs though) but you can use the phone at the front desk from 9am to 7pm.The only problem would by the street noise if you are a light sleeper. Although the side street is quiet, the noise from two major roads does filter through. The window are louvers, and so do not offer any sound insulation.

Wonderful hotel, Wonderful location!!! I read Trip advisor all the time and couldn't find a good review for a NY City hotel. This was newly renovated and didn't have any reviews at all. I took a chance and it was well worth it!!! The service was excellent, check in was great, and the rooms were clean. The biggest plus was the location - right at Times Square - you can't go wrong. I would definitely recommend and stay again!

Not a 4* but a good 3*... still a great holiday We were worried about staying at the Grand Paradise after reading some of the reviews but I have to say that generally we were pleasantly surprised. Both my boyfriend and I aren't complaining types so I'd like to think that you could take this review as you read it. 1. Check in : Absolutely fine. The flight was fine, the transfer to the hotel was fine. We waited about 10 minutes to check in and we had a drink provided for us. The check in staff were very friendly, professional and helpful. Alex, who checked us in, spoke very good English. We were given a remote for the TV and we paid $20 for the safe for 2 weeks. We were only given one room key but we didn't ask for 2 so no complaints there.The bellboy took our luggage and we were given a ride on one of the golf buggies to our room straight away. We tipped the bellboy $1 but he didn't seem to be waiting for a tip and he was grateful. 2. The room : Very nice. We were staying in block 9 which seemed pretty new. The room had 2 king size beds, both of which had decent mattresses (although one was slightly better than the other). There was a flat screen TV which worked perfectly, could receive all the channels. The bathroom was spotless, shower bath and wc. We had complimentary soaps and shampoos left although we didn't use them. 3. The maid service : Good. We agreed we would tip the maid $1 a day. The first day we left the dollar we came back to a towel folded into a heart shape with flowers on the top, an extra room key (so the air con would stay on all the time), as well as all new towels plus 2 extra ones. We felt slightly guilty that we'd only left a dollar but we were on a tight budget and only tipped $1 again the next day. When we came back to our room it was cleaned well but the extra room key had gone and there were no towels folded into pretty shapes. The air con was efficient enough to cool the room down within about 10 minutes when it was on anyway so we didn't require an extra room key. I guess if we'd tipped $5 the next day we would've kept the key but it wasn't really important to us. 4. The mini bar: EXPENSIVE. Within the all inclusive package you get a gallon of water (replenished whenever you finish it - every day if you drink it all) and 4 bottles of pop, which I think is plenty. We did eat quite a few snacks from the mini bar on a couple of days when I was unwell and we couldn't face walking to the buffet for breakfast or lunch. The price list is provided and it is expensive but we thought we knew what we were letting ourselves in for. I put aside money each time we ate something from the mini bar (and I was rounding up as well e.g. we had 2 chocolate bars totalling $7, so I put away $10. The following day a bill for what you've consumed is put in your room with the service charge added on and the total in dollars. Be prepared though when you check out they give you the bill for anything charged to the room and from the mini bar in pesos. They can only provide a breakdown in pesos. But when you pay for anything in cash at the resort they prefer dollars. If you want to settle in dollars (as we did) they then convert the pesos to dollars at their exchange rate and you end up getting fleeced. It is also impossible to tell if you've been correctly billed unless you want to ask for a breakdown, go and sit down and convert pesos to dollars for each day and then attribute it to what you ate. Also - one day we were charged for some peanuts ($11) but I am seriously allergic to peanuts and there is no way I had eaten them. We spoke to the rep about it and when we checked out they did take it off the bill. My advice - just stay within your all inclusive allowance. The mini bar is my major gripe by the way :)5. The beach: Gorgeous. The beach is beautiful. White sand, crystal clear waters. The beach is always very clean too. There is a lovely old guy who goes around collecting the glasses and he always smiles at you. I did feel a bit sorry for him but he was always smiling. The water can be a bit choppy, probably too much for young children but fine for adults. The sea is clean and there's no debris. The beach isn't stoney either which is nice. While we were there it was low season so there was no problem getting a sun lounger, even in the shade (as long as you don't mind sitting under a tree if all the umbrella things are taken - which we didn't). I can imagine it's hard to find somewhere in high season though.6. The pools: Very good. Both pools are very clean and nice. No problems with either. The swim up bar at one of the pools is great and Luis the barman was lovely. 7. The service: Okay. The service could be a little hit and miss but I cannot fault the staff. They were tirelessly, you never see anyone standing around. They always seem cheery and smile at you and remember you although sometimes you can be waiting a while for a drink. I think it's because the place is so big and could probably do with some more staff. At the buffet if both of you get up to get food at the same time and take a while you will probably find your table gone by the time you get back. We just took it in turns though so it wasn't a problem. Again I wouldn't like to go during high season as I imagine it's baaaaad. 8. The staff: Wonderful. They are brilliant. Some of the waiters really are funny and / or very attentive. Nestor who works in the La Palma buffet was an excellent waiter and he was gorgeous too haha. Kelvin who we saw working in the Italian was very funny - a real character. The animation team work very hard and are genuinely lovely. I went with my boyfriend but I still got a lot of attention from the male workers and I'm not anything special but they do like blonde women. I imagine single ladies would get aboslutely hounded, it was just a laugh cos I was there with my other half. 9. The food: Okay. I'm not a fussy eater but I did get bored of the food. Even though they have themed nights the stuff always seemed to be the same. Most of the food is okay although some of the stuff tasted funny. I didn't eat any seafood cos I was worried about getting food poisoning. We did have dodgy stomachs on 2 occasions but I do have a weak stomach. There are a lot of flies in the buffet but they can't do anything about that. We only tried the Italian la carte but it was very nice. Sadly one of the dodgy stomach incidents came after eating a not very hot lasagne there but I would still thoroughly recommend it. I expected at least one dodgy stomach whilst going to the DR though!10. The drinks: Good. The cocktails are nice if a bit of on the sweet side. You do only get a small plastic cup so take a travel mug if that bothers you. The beer is really nice and I don't like beer (I only like bud anyway). The measures are big and I can't say I thought anything was watered down. Mama Juana is very nice - you must try it!11. The disco: Awful - but bearable if you get drunk. You can request music but we didn't bother. There were a group of young Canadians staying there and when they were at the disco the music was good. The toilets were awful but no worse than a bar in Liverpool city centre so who cares?12. The other guests: Not overly friendly. I'm English and we only met one other English couple there. There were a lot of Canadians and lot of Europeans. I'd like to go to a resort where more people from the UK go to next time.13. The Entertainment: Good. The shows are good, the dance troupe are really good. It sometimes gets a bit tedious when the compere of the evening announced everything in 3 different languages but it is an international place and they make everything accesible to everyone. A few other things: I didn't experience anywhere near as many problems as some people seem to have. I've been totally honest and moaned about anything worth moaning about. The DR is a 3rd world country, the hotels are paradise compared to how the Domincans live so don't expect everything to be perfect. The staff are lovely and I had no problem with their English. They really appreciate any attempt at you speaking Spanish but they can all speak most languages. We didn't pay a lot for our holiday so we didn't go expecting the world. I wouldn't say the hotel is a 4* but it is a good 3*. If you want excellent service then you have to pay higher prices. I would love to go back to the DR but I'd probably stay at a different resort. I chose the Grand Paradise because we were on a budget. If you've booked here don't be frightened off by bad reviews, go with an open mind and an open heart and you'll have a wonderful time.

Love this hotel! The hotel was beautiful, very modern. The room was nice and comfortable. And the location was great 5 min from the tower of london. Bus stops near by go straight to all the main tourist attractions in london. The staff were excellent so friendly and helpful. Would definately stay again in a different city.

Thumbs up for the Beacon Stayed at the Beacon for 5 nights over Easter. We were in a 1 bedroom suite on the 4th floor. Niggles first - if you are at the front of the hotel, there is early morning noise from the deliveries to the (wonderful) Fairway market, so bring your earplugs. The room safe was broken, and I spotted some crumbs on the floor at the side of the cooker. However, using the hotel safe was easy and free, and the suite was otherwise very clean, if in need of redecoration. I would be more than happy to stay here again.The hotel is in a great situation, very handy for the subway, and for Central Park. We mostly ate breakfast in the room, but were pleased with breakfast at the diner downstairs, where we also had a decent evning meal.If you get chance in amongst the more obvious sightseeing, the Tenement Museum on the Lower East Side is a gem for a bit of social history.

weekdays are fine I work in a three star hotel in Bournemouth and found this hotel excellent. Breakfast is expensive but excellent. The pool is a godsend before and after sightseeing, free internet, polite staff and clean well serviced rooms. The area is safe after dark with good restaurants nearby. We stayed weekdays so no noise for our groundfloor rooms and no hen parties - just normal multi- national guests.

Great place! My daughter and I stayed in the Crowne Plaza in the centre of Amsterdam over the New Year period. The hotel is very central - a 5 minute walk from Central Station and also Dam Square. Everyone was very friendly and our room was clean and warm! Great place for Amsterdam sights but rather expensive :-(

Hostel on steroids...has definite potential Location is great - essence of decor in lobby and main areas is decent and interesting. Room was....like my title says hostel on steroids...beds consisted of one untucked sheet on top...no blanket...no comforter...nothing...just a plain ol' white sheet. Now, this was not a total surprise to me because I did read the other reviews so I was prepared and did request extra blankets...which were in the closet when we arrived...two different ones...one was a nasty old polyester one that looked like the one I had on my bed in the 70's and it had a visible stain...the other was a white cotton one...which I used out of desperation. I slept with my shirt on the pillow to get my mind off the stained pillow under the pillow case. I was traveling for business and needed to keep the $ in check. If I were with my husband I would have changed hotels in a heartbeat if I could have found something reasonable. This is not a place you want to spend much time hanging out.Location - great...near convention center, Delano and Lincoln Street Mall. I'm all about fashion but...make sure your fashionable shoes are comfortable too.Staff - When we arrived, there was one young man working the desk who looked a bit like he picked up his logo golf shirt off the floor and came in from a late night out. He was nice enough but for first impression...made me a little uneasy. He left us at the counter at least 3 times going upstairs....we joked whether he was installing the camera in our room ;-) . Housekeeping - Well...they don't really replenish toiletries and even though there were 2 of us in the room, they only had 1 face cloth and none after the 2nd day. One towel for each of us and terrible tissues. Cleanliness...it was okay...glad I had my slippers. I was suspect the entire time I was there.I'm accustomed to staying in pretty decent hotels and inns and I really would probably not ever stay here again and I would only recommend it for young single people who just want to party and have a place to lay their heads down late night!As far as potential - they are missing the boat - this COULD be a great place. They need to stop cutting corners...simply a decorative throw or blanket on the end of the bed would be an improvement. Someone who has attention to detail needs to get involved. I truly believe there could be a balance of affordability and attention to detail to easily bump this hotel up a star or two.

Pleasantly surprised Booked two nights in Frankfurt through Hotwire without knowing which hotel wind up with until after my booking. Was pretty comfortable with it being the InterContinental as the price was ridiculously low and it being a 5star. Friendly doorman parked our rent-a-car just outside the hotel (saved us a bunch in parking fee) and a friendly gentleman at reception let us upgrade from the Hotwire room with a city view to a lovely room with a beautiful river view, for about 20 Euros. Location was great, we had warm, sunny weather and enjoyed walking along the river and into the old part of town. Also across the river is a lovely museum worth visiting.Can highly recommend the Signature restaurant on the ground floor, great food and top notch service.Just really happy with this deal from Hotwire.

Great value for money Spent the last (extended) weekend of May in Berlin at the Hotel Park Inn Alexanderplatz and was quite pleased. Everything as I had expected according to reviews from TripAdvisor and even better. The room was nice/modern with a great view and everything very clean. Excellent breakfast buffet (incl in our price) served 10:30 (make sure finished eating by then, the lady with the vacuum cleaner comes marching in and starts vacuuming on the dot, wont find any crumbs on her floor... ). Though the hotel is big there is no lack of good service. Enjoyed eating at fancy Spagos on the ground floor, good food and service. Went to check on the view from the sun deck on the 37th floor, but they were closed due to strong winds, maybe next time.Found location to be good for different walking ventures; the river Spree with boat cruises, Berlin Dom and Museum Insel, Nikolaiviertel, Hackisher Markt (beware of pick pockets) and Oranienburgstrasse where we had a great 3 course dinner at the lovely restaurant Kadima (Jewish/Russian, non kosher) for 30 Euros pr person, excluding wine. Also recommend a good restaurant downtown on a sidestreet from Sachs at Knesebeckstrasse, definately the best dinner of our five day city-break.All in all, a good hotel which I can recommend and would consider staying at again, great value for money.

Enjoyed this hotel My husband and I went to Boston to see a jazz show at Sculler's Jazz Club. The jazz club is located in this hotel so we decided to stay there. We arrived around 1pm and our room was not ready but they held our luggage and we had lunch in the restaurant. The suite was on the 8th floor and was very well laid out and we enjoyed it. There is a separate bedroom and living/dining room and they are separated by the bathroom and fridge/microwave area. All the suites look out on to the center atrium area and it is a bit noisy but not enough to disturb your sleep. The jazz shows were excellent and we bought the dinner and show package for one of the shows and it was a good value. It was a 3 course meal with an excellent choice for dinner and then great seats for the show.

needs bathroom renos This was the worst experience of our 3 wk. trip in Italy! It was not so easy to find, in spite of directions, but we chose it because parking was simple. When we arrived in the evening and were shown our room (closest to the desk), my heart sank. I hoped that the double doors might be closed for noise, but they never were. As a previous guest has written, the buzzer rang each time someone arrived back, there were telephones ringing, then the hallway/lobby conversations etc. It was noisy, especially when the room occupants across the hall returned late in the evenings. True, we had a room with a garden view but with the doors open for a bit of fresh air, the place was overtaken with hungry mosquitoes that kept us awake and bitten all night. I read the review about the wet shower, and the picture has to be the one we had. We didn't even realize that it was operational, but the toilet seat was badly cracked from water. The towels were lovely and clean, but didn't absorb much. We ended up trying to sponge bath with the sink and that was awkward in such a confined space. Service from the desk and the breakfast bar was good, but I would definitely never want to return. Nor would I recommend this hotel. It was full we were told, so we didn't have any choice or a chance to see any other rooms. Upstairs/back rooms may be quieter away from the desk and they may have proper shower facilities. Busing to the centre seemed to work out well. Traveller beware of half truths.

Great hotel, but the farewell could have been fonder. My boyfriend and I decided to splurge on a really swanky hotel for a couple nights as we were on a combination romantic getaway / Berlin extravaganza for about a week. When we finally found the entrance to the Swissotel (which is located above the C A department store on a side street) we were pretty damn pleased with the service. We arrived 4 hours early but were given our room anyway, our baggage was taken up to our room for us, and we were even escorted to the elevators by the gentleman at the desk. Not to mention we received free drink vouchers for a drink they make at the bar out of a variety of juices and special grouse. When we got into the room we were still impressed- HUGE bathtub (you can easily slip two people in there) and really comfortable bed. I was in love after having stayed at the Lindner for a few nights (which is no comparison, seriously). We enjoyed our stay there very much, our only problem came when it was time to check out. We were hastily offered our bags back to us even though check out at our next hotel wasn't for several hours. After some discussion, they agreed to hold on to our bags for us. We spent 1 hour trying to check out because they had to send someone up to our room to validate the minibar charges (which I believe were all of 4 Euro) and there was a HUGE problem with the laundry bill. My boyfriend who had decided to stay an extra four days needed to do laundry and so we were told by the front desk that it could be left out in front of the door and taken care of. We assumed there would be a charge for this, however we were never at any point told that it would be 49 Euro to wash 4 cotton t-shirts and a couple pairs of jeans. We argued with the front desk that we were never informed of the costs associated and that their policy was lunacy. Eventually we realized there was no reasoning with them and paid the bill. We later collected our bags, had them call us a taxi, and the doorman explained to the taxi where we were going after we showed him on paper the address of our next hotel. Turns out the doorman told the taxi driver the wrong thing and we ended up going to a different hotel. After trying to explain this to the driver he insisted that the hotel he had taken us to was what he was told by the doorman. After an arguement, we were finally taken to the correct hotel. So to sum up, here's my advice: Stay at the swissotel if you want a luxury experience- use their free drink vouchers- don't use the minibar- don't do laundry- and don't expect a welcome goodbye.

Literally In The Airport a little bit outdated, but very mod looking green chair.

Excellent Location Have just returned from a 3 night stay at the Grand Hotel Baglioni, we were very pleasantly surprised after some of the bad reviews. Our room was to the back of the hotel over looking a small courtyard it was quiet although there was some noise from an air conditioning unit until about midnight. The room though small was beautiful with high beamed ceiling and large very comfortable bed, the bathroom excellent, towels and toiletries replaced every day.The views from the roof terrace are breathtaking, we ate at the hotel restaurant on one occasion, quite expensive but well worth it for the atmosphere and views.The location is excellent, five minutes from the train and bus station and just a short walk to the centre.Only down side we found was the breakfast, quite basic for a four star hotel.The staff were all very pleasant and helpful, we loved the character of the hotel and would definitely recommend it.

Made our stay I travel a lot for business and pleasure. This time instead of staying at the conference hotel I opted for a smaller property. My husband and I loved it. The staff was very helpful, the resturant was excellent, the room was great and the bed was extra lush and comfortable. They have a fellow property which has a pre-fixed early dining menu that offered full size portions of excellent cuisine. Outside the door was the cable car and within a few blocks was China town and down the hill (a few blocks) was the big shopping area...think NYC (where I am from) and Rodeo Drive in LA. Everything they advertised on their website was acurate and in reality it was even nicer. I always review trip advisor on properties before I book, and this was a good one. I would definitely stay there again and recommend the hotel to others.

Loved the Santika Beach Hotel! The view from our veranda

More Relaxing Than A Cruise breakfast al fresko

Great value for money hotel Yes, the other reviews have said the hotel is a little run-down. Yes it is. If you are a budget traveller then this hotel is the place to be, you cannot expect 5-star suites. The hotel was neat, tidy and all you would need for a few nights in Honolulu. As you walked into the lobby you could see there were renovations in progress because there were often workmen there during daylight hours. Get in quick and book your accommodation before the prices for the room doubles when the renovations are complete.The staff were all helpful and responded to requests promptly. One day our shower was not draining properly and within 5 minutes there was a maintenance person up to our room and the issue was fixed quickly.Simple, cheap clean accommodation. I would not choose this hotel for a luxurious Honolulu getaway but for a few nights, particularly between island hops, it is suitable.

Style, Luxury and Amazing restaurant Stayed there 2 days while there for work and booked based on TripAdvisor Reviews. They were right! Beautiful, comfortable rooms, elegant lobby. Free internet off to the left of the lobby, in their business center (they have the computers, you don't have to have your own) and a large, very nice sitting room. Concierge and front desk were great. Restaurant on the high priced side (what hotel isn't) but exceptional and memorable. Crab Flatbread, strawberry rhubarb shortcake, gnocchi, salads, steak, all magnificent and original. Would absolutely be my first choice if I ever go to Boston again.

Convenient This hotel was just what we were looking for, the staff were very friendly and they all spoke in English. Th breakfast was good, the maids did their job well, and it was very close (10mins walk away) from the train station (SMN) and 5 mins away from the Duomo. I went there with my boyfriend and although the atmosphere isn't romantic it was still very nice. it was well priced too. I was there over New Years Eve and the price literally doubled on the 31st and 1st for accomodation but that's to be expected everywhere. i would definitely recommend this hotel, and although the road it's in isn't exactly pretty there's a supermarket down the road and a square with trees and a merry - go - round right opposite, so when you're looking for it remember it's opposite Piazza Independenza.

Great Value Great Location I found this hotel on a recent trip to Oz, it is a boutique hotel on Wattle Street, only 15 min walk to Darling Harbour. The hotel was clean at at such reasonable rates AU$99.00 per night was great value. The staff were friendly and my room although small was clean and comfortable with AC TV and fridge.

Food for thought A great week in the sun but would advise the resort to improve the evening dining experience. Some of the restaurants are housed in a large building which lacks intimacy and atmosphere. One evening I dined with a trolley stacked with dirty plates in view and by 10pm they were setting out the breakfast things. The French restaurant is the best for a classy dining experience but you usually have to pick up a bleeper and wait for a considerable length of time to get in. The lobster restaurant was OK but not fantastic and the Asian eaterie was disappointing.It's a shame because it's a fab place and while the dining experience was better than average, it wasn't to be raved about to friends afterwards. We did the Excellence Club which wasn't really worth the extra cash. Having your whirlpool bath run for you with bubbles and petals was, however, a delight but not worth the extra few hundred pounds! We'd go back because it's pretty good value and definitely an upmarket all inclusive, adults-only resort.

good views from harbour side room We stayed at this hotel at the end of an extended tour of China and, following advise elsewhere, booked a harbour view room. The additional expense was money well spent and we had lots of time watching the traffic in the harbour as well as enjoyed the views on Hong Kong side.Room was very good although some furniture looked a little tired.The hotel is well sited with shops and restaurants all around and we enjoyed time in the Kowloon Park - a secluded oasis in this hectic city about 15 minutes walk away.Roof top pool was smaller than I had hoped but I enjoyed the swim and staff were very helpful.

Lovely little hotel! View from room window

Unbelievable Lack of Customer Care When we checked in on July 26, we gave them our keys for valet parking since this is downtown. On the 28th the staff brought our van to us with the back window totally burst out. They proceeded to tell us that this was our problem and between us and the parking garage. They did not even apologize. After the garage employee came he told us that if we didn't pitch a fit nothing would get done. I had a pretty big rant on the garage manager who told us it would take 2-3 weeks to get approval to fix. At that time we learned that the hotel had known that our car had sustained damage, but they had chosen to fail to tell us about it. We only saw the damage at check-out. I demanded to know why they had chosen to not disclose this to us so that we could get it fixed. They at first lied that they didn't know, but after the garage person said they had been notified, the desk lady changed her mind. When the front desk manager arrived, I asked him to refund us our stay because of the hassle this was causing us. It took me over 2 hours of arguing with him to even agree to refund one day. I am still in the process of getting the 2nd day refunded. The desk clerk reminded us that she had offered us a solution. The only solution she offered was to bring our vehicle with a broken window. It took them 5 hours to get our van fixed while my family waited in the lobby. They never once apologized until I told them that they had not apologized. I also said they could at least offer my children a drink. They never did. The parking garage manager actually wound up buying lunch for my family while the hotel only proceeded to make excuses and blame and deny that they did anything wrong. The bellman was the only one from the hotel that from the beginning said he was sorry, and he was yelled at by the manager to stay out of the matter. We were appalled at their lack of care or concern for our family. A minor fact...the continental breakfast consisted of only bananas, muffins, and pastry.

Pleasantly Surprised Rest of the Suite

Very nice city hotel The Mayflower was a very pretty historic hotel located in a good area of town that was convenient to the public market, lots of great restaurants, shopping, and nightlife. The staff were very friendly and accomodating and our room was large and well-maintained with a very comfortable bed. My only complaint is that the bathroom was pretty tiny but it really wasn't much of an issue for just two people. The hotel lounge had very good martinis but be sure and stay away from the desserts! Ours was eight dollars for the worst bread pudding by a pastry chef I've ever had. The only down side to the hotel was that it was a little pricey and the valet parking is VERY expensive. However, that will be the situation with any hotel in downtown Seattle. Overall, the hotel was great and we will definitely stay there again when we return.

Best Hotel Ever!!! This is the nicest hotel I have ever stay in. All the staffs are great and friendly. The room is clean and has great interior! The best part of the hotel is the Whole food market underneath it. It sells all kinds of organic products and yummy cooked food buffet. If I'm going back to Seattle again, this is the choice of hotel again for sure!

Great hotel What a nice hotel! Compared to some other hotels in London, which are as expensive (Thistle hotels for example), the Chesterfield has real class. The decor is really special.Rooms are lovely (although quite small), and the staff is wonderful (they are all well trained and focused on customer satisfaction).The only small thing which is wrong is that they charge for each little bottle of water (33cl) they put in the room, and you don't know anything about it until you pay your bill. Can be a nasty shock if you stay for a few days!I strongly recommend their afternoon tea, their scones are fantastic!Bar and restaurant are expensive: for a GT, and for a glass of champagne... but what else can you expect in Mayfair ?Overall an excellent hotel. Will definitely go back for my next stay in London.

Ideal place to stay We recently spent 5 nights at Hotel Misc and cannot wait to return! Rachel and Pepjin are wonderful - so helpful, kind and laid back. Not only did they give us great recommendations for places to go hear music or eat, but they were even kind enough to let us borrow a spare cell phone!The hotel itself is exactly what we were looking for - fantastic location; spacious (by European standards), clean rooms and bathrooms; great breakfast; and reasonably priced. We stayed in the Retro room and loved having the quite garden view.We were so pleased with our stay and would not even think of staying elsewhere for our next visit. Laura Ford

Second stay - even better than the first!!! This was our second stay at Courtyard by Marriott Isla Verde Resort. Last Feb. we stayed one night prior to our cruise whichwas leaving from San Juan. We loved the hotel then and decided to return this year - same time of year and for just one night prior to a cruise.My only regret is that it couldn't have been longer.The hotel is right on the ocean - walk out the door and thebeach is right there. The pool area is very nice as well.We had a wonderful room with a balcony facing the ocean.We had a great dinner at the hotel, listened to some livelySalsa music and a great girl singer in the lobby, visited theCasino and didn't have to leave the property - everything wewanted was right there.The accomodations were nicely decorated and very clean.The Staff is friendly and helpfulNext time we are in San Juan, we will arrange to stay at thishotel for a week - - one night is not enough.

Great Hotel! For A Great Price! April10-14 The Embassy Suites in San Juan was by far the BEST decision we made on this trip. You get more then what you pay for, the price was great since it included a delicious Cook to order breakfast every morning a Happy Hour everyday from 5:30-7:30 all you can drink plus free snacks. The bartenders were great! Friendly. Those are just a few things that saved us a whole lot $$. The rooms were Spacious clean! a nice wet bar, a separate living area and great staff! The pool was just beautiful! And relaxing. The casino was a bit small but comfortable and every night they raffle gifts prizes. I won a $50 raffling prize! This hotel was only a block 1/2 from the beach and just steps away to all restaurants, Hotels Night Life. The front desk was very helpful with directions etc. The gym room came in handy, and so did the laundry room. There was an Outback Steakhouse in the Hotel the food was great and the prices were reasonable. A small convenience store was great for snacks, cigarettes, last minute things. The Lobby was just beautifully decorated with Palm trees and ponds, it was just so! Worth it.. We stayed for 4 days but wished we were there longer! Now where are you going to find a great deal like this??? At the Embassy Suites!!There was a small restaurant Mi Casita just in the plaza 1blk away with Great! Spanish food for a great price. Also there was an Edith's Cafe right across from the Hampton Inn Suites on Isla Verde Ave with Delicious food and reasonable prices. Lupis, was a nice place to hear music have a couple drinks good food as well. I would recommend this hotel to all my friends family!

Moldy Vile Socks I am still very upset. I was going in San Francisco for a competition. The customer service was just terrible. The room was very dirty and out dated. The first thing I did was pull down the sheets that exposed a rather private type of hair all over the fleece blanket. Then the towels were mostly moth eaten. At my hotel resort, the towels Ramada gave us would have been used to clean tires. Then I was working late when I came back there were people in our room. The front desk clerk gave some acquaintances of ours keys to our room. They should not have stayed there. They were from our area and knew we were staying there so they crashed our hotel room. Thanks front desk guy. Then packing up the next morning there was the most fowl moldy pair of socks I have seen in my life under the bed. I gave it the benefit of the doubt and ask the other people in our room if those were their socks, but we were all in snowboard socks so those used to be white grey green tube socks did not belong to any of us. Poor cleaning, if they cleaned at all. I will continue to warn people. Plus they ran out of parking and key cards so we got one key card to our room and then they just give random people not on the reservation keys to my room. The regular price of my room was 300.00 and because I got it on a discount website the front desk guy made sure we knew and were familiar with the original price of that suite. Awful.

Cramped and Hectic My fiance and I stayed at the Palomar Hotel on June 19th, 2006. This hotel was great, and I recommend it to anyone. It is centrally located 3 blocks from Union Square and is clean and quiet. The Serrano Hotel, by contrast, although also a Kimpton Hotel, was very disappointing. My negative experience began with the reservationist who booked a King Room for us, I doubly confirmed this because I knew that the city was extremely booked at this time. When we checked in, the woman at the front desk was thoroughly overwhelmed and seemed anxious. She was very rushed and curt. Also, when we arrived we found our room to have only a queen sized bed instead of a king, and the room felt so cramped we were feeling clausterphobic as soon as we walked in. The bathroom was clean, in good working order, and had nice ammenities and fixtures but it too felt cramped. The room we stayed in was on the 4th floor and it was rectangular in shape, the foot of the queen sized bed reached the wall, not leaving much room around it. The comforter has loose threads and appeared worn, and the sheets looked dusty and had lint on them. It was extremely noisy in the area from construction and the windows did not block out any of the noise. We immediately called the front desk to inquire, and they left us on hold for so long that the line disconnected, and when I called again, another woman said the original person was on hold with someone else and she would have them call us back. However, we did not receive a call back for ten minutes so we decided to get out of the room and go to the front desk immediately.When we inquired about why we were given a queen room, we were told that all the king rooms had been booked. I assured her that we had booked a king room and she said there was nothing she could do about it. When I told her that we would like to check out and find another hotel, she said that was fine but that our credit card would be charged anyways for the stay and that there was nothing she could do about it. When I asked to speak with the original reservationist, he did some research and told us that they had no king rooms available, but that one might open up later, but they couldn't promise anything. I explained that he had not told us this from the beginning and that we should be able to leave without getting charged, since it had been their mistake. He finally said the manager would take care of us and let me go. Pam, the fron desk manager, apologized profusely and I overheard her on the phone booking restaurant reservations for a guest and she seemed wonderfully helpful. She was the only positive experience in the 45 minutes I spent in the hotel. All of that being said, if you are willing to spend $215+ during peak season for a small queen room that has a Victorian feel in the lobby, then these are the benefits:*4 blocks to Union Square*Attentive Bellman (At least the one who was there at the time, he was the only one who asked if he could be of any help)*Game tables in the lobby, a fireplace and a restaurant (we did not eat there)*Some of the higher rooms may have nice views, we were told that they did by the reservationist because they have more than 17 floors*Pam, the front desk manager, who seemed very interested in making everyone's stay a great one*Updated bathroom*Victorian feelI would definitely recommend the Hotel Palomar over Serrano, we paid less for more space, better customer service, and awesome amenities. Definitely join Kimpton In Touch before you book a room, it gives you great benefits and a better rate.

Superb downtown hotel This is a lovely Kimpton property in downtown Seattle. The hotel is four blocks away from Pike Street Market, six blocks from the convention center, and four from most downtown shopping. We felt safe walking around both day and night. We opted for a suite and the extra room was well worth the extra dollars. We had both a living room and a bedroom separated by heavy drapes. This allowed one of us to work early in the morning without disturbing the other. The room was cleverly decorated, the bed was comfortable with high count cotton sheets. Overall, the hotel was quiet with no street noise and very minimal hallway noise.The hotel staff is friendly and helpful. The concierge assisted us with dinner reservations throughout our stay. We would definitely recommend this hotel to couples and business travelers (free high-speed wireless internet in all rooms).

Great hotel, great location Just spent 3 nights at the Belvedere. It filled all of my requirements for a good hotel. Price was $145 per night, clean rooms with new decor, easy walking distance to restaurants, and theaters. This part of W. 48th street was very quiet. I will stay here again on my next trip to New York City.

Lovely hotel -- if only the standard rooms weren't so small I have only one less-than-positive thing to say about the Hotel de which is that the standard rooms are, as other reviewers have mentioned, very small. I stayed by myself in a standard double (Room 31), and, while it was adequate as a single, I have wanted to stay there with another person. On the plus side, the room was quiet and dark at night, the bed was comfortable, there was ample light for reading in bed (which was a good thing, since there was really nowhere else in the room to sit and read), and the bathroom was spotlessly clean, modern, and a decent size.Apart from the room size, I loved everything about the The public areas are beautiful. Even though it was too cold when I was there to eat breakfast in the garden, the glassed-in breakfast area that looks out on the garden is lovely (and several copies of the International Herald Tribune are provided every morning, so I was always able to snag a copy, no matter how many other American guests were eating breakfast at the same time). The wood-burning fire in the lobby looked so welcoming when I came back to the hotel late one afternoon, chilled after a long day of sightseeing in the Parisian drizzle, that I brought my travel journal down to the lobby and wrote up my notes on the day while sitting in front of the fireplace.I found the staff at the to be uniformly helpful and fluent in English. When I arrived, at 11 a.m., my room ready yet, so the desk clerk suggested that I wait in the breakfast room (where breakfast was still being served to late risers) and order breakfast if I wanted to, which I gratefully did. (Breakfast was included in my room rate and, even though breakfast on the day of arrival was, in effect, a bonus breakfast, no extra charge was made.) And when I asked another desk clerk to find a street address for me one day (having misplaced the address of a store I wanted to visit), he not only found it immediately but printed out an internet map of the neighborhood for me.Bottom line: if your budget runs to one of the larger rooms at the Hotel de hesitate to book a room there. If you can only swing one of the standard rooms, then whether the hotel is a good fit for you depends on how important the size of the room is to you, and whether willing to put up with tight quarters in exchange for all the other good qualities mentioned.

Gem at the Gates of China Town After a long flight from HI, we checked in late at the Orchard Garden. The staff was very nice, check in was a breeze. Since we hadn't had dinner yet, we asked if anything was open to serve at 9:30 p.m. Turns out there is a restaurant inside the hotel, called Roots, that was excellent!! The room was very comfortable. The bed just right and perfect for a good nights rest. The honor bar was affordable.The location was the best. The gates to China Town were right next door. We appreciate that the owner of the hotel made this a green hotel, specifically for guests with medical problems, using chemical free cleaning products. We loved this hotel and would definitely stay there again!

Great Value, Great Location My husband and I have been to New York several times over the past few years and stay at a different place each time. We've stayed at the W, the Doubletree Times Square, the Warwick, etc. This time we stayed at Hotel Mela the week before Christmas. We just happened to find it online for a fantastic price compared to the other hotels during the holidays. We took a chance and were very please with it. The rooms are extremely small (what you would expect in a European hotel) but very clean, modern, and comfortable. If you want to be in the middle of the city, close to times square, and within walking distance to basically everything else (theater district, park, museums, etc) it is the perfect location for you. Although we didn't eat at the hotel, the restaurant looked very good. It was a nice surprise for us and overall we were very happy.

Believe the Reviews! I booked the Beijing Sihe Hotel based on these fantastic reviews. I was very excited, but a little concerned that my mother and I would be disappointed. We were thrilled with everything about the hotel! The staff was friendly and helpful through our entire stay. We left our luggage with the front desk 2 days before we checked in (because we could not take more than one bag on the train) and when we arrived our bags were in our room. The staff went out of their way to make our stay outstanding from finding a restaurant that delivered late at night to arranging a taxi to take us to the airport at 5:00am.The breakfast at the hotel restaurant was wonderful! The Chinese Dumpling Breakfast was one of the best things we ate during our stay in China. A great way to start our day before climbing the great wall. The reviews stated that taxi drivers had difficulty finding the hotel. We had the address written in Chinese characters, and did not have any problem. At the train station, we went through 3 taxi drivers before one knew where it was, but it was quick and the driver who took us easily made it to the entrance to the hutong. Taxis have difficulty fitting down the small alley, so we walked from the entrance to the hotel each time. It was a short walk, and well worth it! Overall, this hotel was fantastic! I will stay here again next time I visit and cannot wait to stay here with my husband. My mother and I loved every minute of it! Believe everything you've read! Stay at the Sihe!!!

Wonderful Hotel! My daughter and I came to NYC in May and stayed at the Belvedere. I stayed there 7 years ago and was impressed. We were there for 3 nights and had a great time.We arrived a couple of hours before check in and our room was ready, we requested a non smoking room and received one. Everyone at the front desk was helpful. One negative thing I can say is that the concierge was not very pleasant and seemed over worked. Just did not take the time that I thought he should have. He was busy answering phones, putting away mail talking to people who went by, etc.Our room was clean, the bathroom was tiny but OK, I loved the coffee pot and refrigerator. We did not eat at the hotel at all, I thought the food there was pricey. One thing I liked is the location. It is so central to everything, it is only a few blocks walk to the Today Show, you are right around the corner from Times Square where you can catch the red double decker buses (they were great - I would highly recommend them), it is an easy walk to the theatre and to the United Nations. Plus restaurant row is only 1 block away, I would recommend the Olympus Diner, right around the corner from the hotel - they were very friendly and the food was resonably priced.We really enjoyed our trip and would not hesitate to stay at the Belevedere again. The hotel was as great as I remember it 7 years ago.

Wonderful Hotel! My husband and I stayed at the hotel October 29th to November 2nd, 2004. I booked the hotel because it was recommended by Frommer's travel guide. I also looked at the reviews on tripadvisor and that also helped me make my final decision.Our room was average sized, I especially liked the fact that it had a couple of chairs and a table. I hate watching TV in bed (it is tough with bifocals). The beds were the most comfortable beds I think I have ever slept in, I don't know if the mattresses were new, but they were great. They also have these down comforters on the bed and several down pillows per bed, it was so hard to get up in the morning. I actually looked forward to getting back in the bed.The room had everything we needed, bar, refrigerator, big TV, shampoo and supplies, hair dryer, ironing board and iron, an umbrella and extra pillows. It also has a keyboard for wireless internet (extra fee). I also requested a courtyard view room and that kept down the noise (although we were up early everyday anyway). In the lobby they have free coffee, tea and biscotti everyday and have wine and snacks from 5 p to 6 p daily. There are newspapers at the desk for everyone. We ate at the adjoining restaurant once - I was not impressed.The hotel was centrally located to all the attractions, only 2 blocks from the wharf. That was so nice. And there were a lot of restaurants around, and a lot of souvenier shops. Pier 39 is there and we spent a lot of time watching the sea lions (so did everyone else).All in all we enjoyed our stay and would not hesitate to recommend it to anyone and we would certainly stay there again. The staff was very nice.

great stay! This hotel was everything we were hoping for during our stay in Paris. This is our second visit to Paris, and we based our choice of lodging on tripadvisor reader's recommendations. We were not disappointed. The location in the Rue Cler market area was superb...we visited the bakery next door to the hotel which was fabulous, and ate crepes from Ulysses restaurant on Rue Cler...try the trois fromage!The Relais Bosquet is a great little boutique hotel...quite modest, but very charming. It is clean, and offers several amenities you would expect in a larger operation. The staff were all very pleasant and helpful (even in translating a french website on the lobby computer). The reservation was very easy and everything was just as presented on their website.We did not eat at the hotel so I can not comment on this.I wholly recommend a stay at the Relais Bosquet if you are visiting Paris...you won't be disappointed. We will definitely consider this hotel our own little home when returning!

Loved the personal touch and invaluable advice We had read about the hotel on trip adviser and we were not disappointed. Lovely rooms, great outdoor terrace, dogs and cat friendly. Sabina's recommends made the trip great - we ate in the nearby Osteria and the 'Piccaddilly' Pizza place nearby. We will definately be going back!Mick and Lorrie Marchington

OK, but spoilt by officious service in restaurant and rude concierge We booked two nights in the Chancellor on the strength of trip adviser reviews. The check-in desk people and bell help were both great, and it was good to have tea and coffee. The room was smaller than the Hilton, but comfortable.However, the waitress in the restaurant for breakfast was extremely officious and and the concierge was no help at all - she seemed to just want us to go away. this we did and went back to use the wonderful concierge service in the Hilton from which we had just moved.Overall, we preferred the Hilton.

Great rooms, the concierge service was the best ever We stayed two nights in the Hilton and two in the Chancellor, we preferred the Hilton. The rooms were large and comfortable with coffee maker in the room. The concierge service was the best we have experienced anywhere (esp Patti) and they made such a difference to our stay advising on best restaurants etc.

Wonderful!!!! My husband and I spent 3 nights here recently. We were pleasantly surprised with our standard room. It was nicely decorated, clean and quite spacious. The location is excellent- just one block from Bourbon Street, and an easy walk to some great restaurants and Riverwalk. Be sure to have a drink at the Carousel bar located in the lobby.

Definitely 4 star +++++ My husband and I spent 6 nights here in mid June and enjoyed it immensely. The location is suburb;just minutes from Las Ramblas and Placa Calalunya. The hotel is just 2 years old, very modern with all the comforts of home. We had a 7th floor room with a balcony and we had no problem with noise. A nice plus is the free internet service next to the bar. If you like to shop, be sure to visit Corte Ingles at Pl. Catalunya. A great place for tapas is CAL PEP near the Picasso museum. But be sure to go early...theres no reservations and there are long lines.If you choose Hotel Jazz, you certainly will not be disappointed.

What A Gem!! Our 7 night stay at the Vitale was wonderful from start to finish. We had a deluxe bay front room on the 7th floor which was lovely. The view from the wall-to-wall window of the bay bridge was awesome. All off the staff were wonderful and accommodating, including the front desk, the concierge, bellmen and especially housekeeping. Our rooms were always cleaned as soon as we left in the morning. We ate breakfast in the hotel restaurant twice which we enjoyed. Boulettes Larder in the Ferry Building across the street served a great breakfast. (don't miss it) The hotel's lounge and outdoor bar/patio was open late and got very crowded. Despite this we never had any problem with noise. The hotel was in a great location away from all the hustle and bustle of Fisherman's Wharf. If we were to return to SF, we would definitely stay here again.

Definitely 4 star +++++ My husband and I spent 5 nights here and enjoyed it immensely. It is centrally located within walking distance to everything. The street to the side of the hotel (Montero) caters to the ladies of the night, but we found it to be more entertaining than dangerous. The hotel is equipped with all the necessities plus some. The refrigerator with water, beer, soda is a real plus and is stocked daily. Request a top floor, corner room if possible. Our corner room had 3 balconies and overlooked the Gran Via. If you like to shop, be sure to go to Corte Ingles on the Gran Via. We splurged and hired a private guide to take us to Toledo for the day. We loved this unique city. Transportation from the airport by taxi cost us about $30. If you're traveling on a weekday, allow for extra time; traffic is awful! If you choose this hotel, you won't be disappointed.

Lovely Hotel but........ My husband and just returned from spending a week in Florence. The Astoria is in a wonderful location, just minutes from the train station, San Lorenzo market, the Duomo, and a 10 min. walk to the Ponte Vecchio. The lobby is very impressive with a large sitting area and a very relaxing bar/lounge ( however, it was not open in the evenings during our stay). The beautiful roof top bar is open at night til the wee hours of the morning. The views are breathtaking!! Our room was a Jr. Suite( a 2 story unit with a living room downstairs and a winding staircase leading to an upstairs bedroom.) The BR upstairs was spacious and modern. One unusual aspect of the room was that there were no closets upstairs- you kept your clothes downstairs. Quite getting used to! Breakfast consisted of cereals, fruits, juices , meats, cheeses, breads and muffins. Everyone at the hotel was very helpful. The hotel was in need of a few repairs, however. The rugs were very dirty and the walls could use a paint job or the wallpaper repaired.......All in all it was a pleasant stay.

Still Wonderful! My husband and I along with another couple spent a wonderful weekend here at The Michaelangelo. This was our second visit here and everything was still wonderful. When we arrived early, our room was ready and we even received an upgrade to a junior suite. It was a very spacious living room/bedroom combination. One surprising observation upon unpacking was the lack of drawer space. There was also no safe in the room, no ironing board and iron, and no coffee pot. Continental breakfast is served in the lounge until 10:30 on weekends. The hotel is in a great location just minutes from the theatres. We come to Manhattan often and we would definitely stay here again!

Typical European Hotel My husband and I just returned from a weekend in NY . Even though we requested an early check-in, our room was not ready til after 2. Except for Charles the doorman who was extremely courteous and helpful, we were not impressed with the hotel staff. Rooms were very reminiscent of a small European hotel. Our King room was very clean but small. The bathroom was even smaller!. To get to the sink, you needed to close the door. There was a small dressing room where you could store toiletries and put on makeup. For those ladies with long hair, bring your own hairdryer. The one in the bathroom has little power. The airconditioning was difficult to operate. It was either too cold or very stuffy. Rooms were not cleaned till mid to late afternoon. There is only one elevator, so be prepared to wait. Be sure to try the Monkey bar for drinks. It's a fun place. All in all , the hotel was just average. I would probably stay elsewhere on my next visit.

Nice Hotel and great convention center location! I was in NO for a 5Linx national convention from KC, MO. Had a great time the hotel was beautiful! One key point: ask to be close to the elevator for your room type. The building hallways wind and I was in room 620 and there is one way to the room and one way back to the elevator...long windy hallway that takes you in a circle! Plush beds, clean bathrooms and iron in room! Some of my team stayed in the Embassy around the corner....Wyndahm had better bathrooms and beds than the Embassy-I saw first hand! (And was $50 cheaper!/night!)The front desk staff was nice folks and the bell man was very sweet. They let me leave my bags in the bag storage area ALL day (post check out) to go see the city and tour. Came back to get my bags at 9pm!In house restaurant kinda pricey so did not eat there. Riverwalk is across the street: eateries and shopping! Yeah!Nice location two blocks north of convention center which was where I needed to be all weekend!Highly recommend!

Keio Plaza - Location, location, location We chose the Keio Plaza for its location and once there felt we had made an excellent choice. We wanted to be completely independent and by being right near Shinjuku Station we had ready access to anywhere we wanted to go. Hotel itself was also excellent - definitely 4 star plus, even though we only had a standard room. The room was spacious, the bathroom one of the best we''ve ever had, and our view was directly looking at the Metropolitan Govt. Office building - a landmark in its own right and quite spectacular, especially at night. Also in that particular building they offer free tours, and have a free observation platform on the 45th floor that overlooks the whole of Tokyo - open night and day. The nearby streets of Shinjuku seemed to be wall to wall restaurants and we had a great meal every night - the dearest being only $50 Australian, including beer. There were also department stores nearby which had food halls to die for - we were literally gobsmacked at the quantity, quality and presentation and packaging. ATM's were scarce on the ground but fortunately there was a post office a block away with oodles of ATM's and which was open 24 hours a day.The train system was most probably the thing we were most impressed by, and our one ride in a bullet train could only be described as wow. Shinjuku is the busiest station in Tokyo and caters for 4 million travellers a week, yet even in peak times we found it worked like clockwork - and the Japanese then, as we found them everywhere else, handled everything in such a polite and courteous manner. We had no trouble buying train tickets from vending machines - and followed the good advice we had been given, that if unsure what price ticket to buy, buy the cheapest ticket and then fix it up at the other end in one of the ticket adjustment machines. How civilised can you get! The behaviour on the transport system was always impeccable - signs requesting people not to use their mobile phones, not to eat or drink on the trains, etc., and then thanking them for the consideration, worked like a charm. Once again, how civilised!We did 3 day trips from Shinjuku - to Mt. Takao (just sublime), Kamakura and Mt. Fuji region. Also caught a train to Tokyo Station a few times and walked around Ginza (a bit akin to 5th Avenue, NY), to the Hama-rikyu Gardens on Tokyo Bay, to the Fish Markets and nearby local markets, and to a performance at the Kabuki-Za Theatre, where you can buy tickets to individual acts. Quite an experience and it exceeded our expectations.Also visited the 5 Museums area at Euno - caught a taxi there from Tokyo Station and found it quite reasonable. Noticed taxis all seemed to have white lace covers over the backs of their seats,and white damask covers on the seats themselves. They were just immaculate.After pounding the pavements day after day, or doing day trips, it was always great to get back to the Keio Plaza. It may have had over 1400 rooms and sound impersonal, but we found the rooms, service, and atmosphere excellent. Possibly our only ciriticism would be that we thought all their restaurants were pricey but with endless restaurants nearby that was the least of our worries. The fact that it's less than a 9 hour flight from Australia, only 1 hour time difference, you can drink the water anywhere, so many signs are in both English and Japanese, the people are helpful and courteous, plus the countryside is so interesting, has made us hope we can go back again for a more extensive trip.

only the best Funky, historic, right on the Rambla AND free drinks, snacks and breakfast AND internet. Why stay anywhere else.[--]

Best weekend in SF ever! My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Monaco for an anniversary weekend in SF. We were allowed to check in early, and found our room to be spacious and beautiful. The place was spotlessly clean and the bed was huge. The showers had great water pressure, which seems to be rare even in really nice hotels. The staff couldn't have been nicer- they had a bottle of champagne and box of chocolates sent to our room as an anniversary gift! The neighborhood- well, it's pretty mixed, but hey, so is most of downtown SF! It's busy and lively enough that we never felt unsafe- there are just too many theatergoers around, and the doorman was always vigilant. There's a Walgreens right across the street for any last-minute needs, and taxis drive by fairly often. You're within walking distance of Union Square and the major shopping areas, as well as cable cars and tons of great restaurants and bars.This is the nicest of the Kimpton hotels we've stayed at- it has the usual Kimpton friendliness with a bit nicer decor and amenities.

Don't believe everything you read but it wasn't perfect either...... My husband and I stayed at the resort from April 17th to May 1st and overall had a great time. We tried to book Club class for the flights but our travel agent waited too long and it was all booked. We will definately ensure this is done right off the bat in the future since coach was not comfortable at all and on a 10 hour flight from Vancouver BC to Punta Cana it was a bit much. However the flight attendants worked very hard to keep you happy as best they could.When we arrived we had a similar feeling to some other folks as we dropped people off at the first resort Calodina and saw how beautiful it was, made us less than impressed with our hotel when we pulled into the narrow courtyard. We were among the first to check in and went to our room, this first room in building 10 and was horrible. The floor was dirty, the patio door did not lock(first floor room) and the bathroom was dirty too!! We complained and they sent someone to fix things but they could not to our satisfaction so they moved us to another room(we had to insist and although we felt bad being pushy there was just no way I was staying in that room) The next room was not much better but at least it was clean. It had an amazing view of a brick wall-not good but by now it was 9pm and we were hunger and tired.The next morning we went to the Nolitour orientation and found out we were not alone. The rep Sandra listened to our problems and helped us to arrange for a better room, the funny thing is another couple who were complaining had been given our first room and they had the same complaints plus the air conditioning had stopped working in the middle of the night.We were finally moved to room 9204 and things were much better here. We had to insist on being moved though and even offered to pay for an upgrade-they said they had nothing however I listened to someone complain later that day and they were moved to building 7(by far the nicest rooms-we went and looked at them)With the room settled we went about our vacation feeling much better. The elevator in our building was working as of day 3 or so and although the landing of the elevator is a bit bumpy it is not too bad.We enjoyed the food overall except the coffee in the room-it made us both sick the third day and we stayed away from it after that. Windows restaurant can fill most needs and usual waiter David gave us the best service! He even managed to teach us some useful spanish words and phrases. The aQua restaurant was good most of the time although not exceptional for sure.The Restaurants were not easy to book and we ended up eating late most nights- we were afraid to book too far in advance since we wanted to make sure we liked the food they had to offer. If we had to do it again we would have booked everything the first day.Pools were clean however they need to be better at enforcing the age limit at the adult pool. Now do not get me wrong I love children-but mostly I love that I choose to leave my kids at home and wanted a vacation that was kid free. Not a huge deal most of the time though.Casino was great, we did not spend any of our own money just used the tickets they give you.($10 per day) we would play the ticket on the table assigned and then take our money(we won 12 nights out of 13) and change it into slot tokens. We came out about $40.00 ahead for the 2 weeks so enjoyed it.We did not take in the shows except for the first night, so we cannot really comment on them. We did do some of the tours though and enjoyed the Country Adventure tour-full day and it was worth the money. Had a chance to learn about the country, see a school, visit a typical home and go horseback riding as well. The Kontiki tour was good although we were with a large group who all knew each other so we did not enjoy it that much. We went to the shopping centre twice to use the bank machine since the one at the resort did not work for us. There is a free shuttle every 2 hours so it was easy. We ate at Tony Roma's when we were there and it tasted just like home. I think we both enjoyed this since sometimes the food at the resort did not agree with us.Overall, I would recommend the resort but would suggest booking the Club class seats on the plane and would suggest you not hesitate to be a bit pushy to get the best room you can!

Nightclub posing as a 4 star hotel The hotel itself was gorgeous. The staff was superb. The room was nice although we did pay a upgrade fee of $75 a night as the room with priceline was only 260 sq feet. There is no coffee maker in room. The television is tiny. No pool. You must call for ice and sometimes it can take over 30 minutes to be delivered. The room service prices are unreal- $18 for a hamburger. Internet service ($10 a night) is from noon to noon. Unlike other places where it is a 24 hour period. Parking will run you $45 a night plus a $6 parking tax fee.For luxury I would say this is not a 4 star hotel such as the Hyatt or Hilton. It felt like a nightclub with a hotel attached. The bar is PACKED most nights and the crowd lingers into the small lobby.I would not stay here again.

Excellent service during our stay We stayed here fom October 29th to November 3rd in a lovely very spacious junior suite on the renovated 6th floor.The concierge staff couldn't have been nicer or more helpful, especially Aurelia, Ricardo, and Eline. We were Starwood guests on points. We highly recommend staying at the Palace and would love to return, especially if we didn't have to pay over 800 euros to do so. We ate breakfast out nearby, including VIPs around the corner, next to Starbucks. I preferred places in Santa Anna square or on way up the hill there. Also went there for Tapas. Prado is practically across the street. There is a wonderful carillon next door which plays frequently, looks old, but apparently, not.

Very poor customer service I stayed at this hotel from 4/16-4/21. Having read the reviews I was confident I'd be comfortable there since I wasn't looking for anything fancy several reviews stated that the staff was very helpful. I couldn't disgree more.When I first arrived the hotel only had me staying for one night and had me wait over an hour until they resolved the problem. When I approached the lady at the front desk to inquire about my situation she would walk away leaving me mid-sentence. They didn't apologize for their mistake acted like it was my problem.The next day I couldn't get into my room, for whatever reason the key wasn't working again I encountered the same attitude.On my last day I asked if they had a courtesy room for guests who have late flights, friends I went with had this option at their hotel. The attendant was very sarcastic in her response and said no, maybe at other hotels where you pay more.The bed was like sleeping on a rock the noise level at night was almost too much. After reading the reviews on this hotel I went there with an open mind a positive attitude, but was terribly disappointed wouldn't stay there again.

Great hotel! Got an excellent price for the normally otherwise expensive hotel. Nice rooms and good service. Union Square overall is a nice area, but I'd say the Hyatt by Fisherman's wharf might be better in terms of location. Union square is primarily all shopping of name brand stores. Powell street is close by though and you can get the cable car rides easily from this hotel and several bus lines close by as well if you don't rent a car. Hotel parking is expensive though, almost $50 for overnight and overall the location lacks in places to eat. Great hotel, not the greatest locatio!

Friendly faces guaranteed! We had never been to Boston before our trip from Aug 25 to Aug 30. So glad we picked the Jury's for our stay - it gave us reassurance as soon as we stepped through the door that this was going to be a fantastic stay.The beds are.... words cannot describe the opulence and comfort. The staff are just wonderful, they would break their backs for you and the location is top, you are just a few minutes walk from Newbury street (I recommend The Closet...Jimmy Choos for $110!) and about a 30-minute stroll to Downtown crossing.I just cannot find fault with this place and I would challenge anyone to pick holes in the fine location, services and staff relations. This is by far THE best hotel I have ever stayed in, in the US. So people, book up and enjoy. What's to lose?

Stayed here Oct 2007. Good hotel, Excellent Location Gates of China Town, just inches from the hotel

To Noisy... My friends and I stayed 2 nights there. Employees at front desk were very friendly and helpful. The room was ok...nothing to remember. The worst part of our stay was all the screaming and shouting we heard during the 2 days of our stay....specially because it woke us up several times. The breakfast service was better than what we expected...so we would recomende it. If you need a good hotel, in a good area and from this chain, I would recommend U232.

Pleasantly dam(rak) surprised First view of the hotel

Better than ever--- Charming interior

Gracious hospitality in Gramercy My husband, adult daughter and I spent 3 nights at Hotel Giraffe. Arrived on a Friday and left on Christmas Eve day. We did the same thing 3 years ago and stayed at The Hilton New York, which had a great location, but we wanted a different area of Manhattan to explore. Considered The Millennium Hilton, but are so glad we settled on Hotel Giraffe. MUCH less frenzied and relaxing, with the added benefit of free continental breakfast, afternoon wine and cheese, coffee/tea/cookies 24/7, and fast/free wireless internet access. It was great to walk into the lobby and be able to get hot coffee or chocolate after walking for hours in the cold, exploring the Flatiron and Gramercy area. The lobby has comfortable chairs and couches grouped for conversation areas or playing games. With a subway stop in close proximity, we were able to access lower Manhattan, up to the Empire St Bldg and Rock Center with no problem. All the staff were responsive whenever we needed advice or help with how to... They had a laptop with printer set up and on-line in the lobby for patrons use... meaning easy printout of airline boarding passes and email checking with ease, so you don't need to lug your laptop along. The quick elevators were usually sitting with open doors waiting for us to ascend. My husband and I had a deluxe King bed room. Had a nice upholstered chair and ottoman, 2 desk areas, full closet, 6 drawers, laptop accessible in-room safe, and loved the ceramic bathroom with lighted, magnifying mirror for shaving and make-up application. Bathroom door had opaque glass in upper half of door that felt classy. Our daughter had a smaller Queen bed room. Although sq footage was smaller, it had French door access to a small balcony and full blind that had a switch by the bed for raising and lowering... very nice touch. Although we already had our restaurants picked out, the Hotel Giraffe owner also owns some restaurants and offers hotel patrons last minute reservations. We were in walking distance to Gramercy Tavern, Giorgio's, and great little Greek restaurant called Kellari's Parea Greek Bistro. But then in Manhattan it seems there's always a great little restaurant just around the corner - but being able to convene in the lobby and have a glass of wine BEFORE venturing out was a great cost benefit that made the room price in this beautiful little boutique hotel worth it. Super clean, efficiently run, secure, and relaxing.

Great Place! My friends and I stayed at the Laurel Inn on New Years Eve. The hotelhad free parking and was located near some great restaurants. The rooms were clean and comfortable and were decorated very nicely. The price is also very reasonable. I would definitely return to the Laurel Inn.

Great Hotel!!!! Stayed at the Hotel David last year with my boyfriend. The hotel was very nice, quiet and clean. The breakfasts were pretty good also. The location was good and the staff was very helpful. Came back to italy in 2006 and stayed at a different hotel farther away from the city center, boy, was that a mistake. Next time I'll stick with the Hotel David!!!

The fun never stops at Hotel Ungherese After getting lost on the bus from the train station and almost getting pickpocketed, my friend and I were happy to finally reach the hotel...but our greeting was less than welcoming. After being checked in at a snails pace, all the while carrying our 30 pound backpacks, we were led to our room on the terrace. After reading all of the reviews on TA and on Rick Steeves' website, we reserved a room on the terrace. Little do the reviews tell you that you are ON the terrace. It is a public space and opens up right onto your room AND the rooms on the terrace have a bathroom with the shower directly over the toilet! This would not have been bad if it was what we were expecting, but we had no idea. Given, this is a historical building and there are limitations, we admit that we are spoiled and need a separate shower. We asked Sabrina if there was another room available and she was nice to give us another room the next day. This room was spacious and had a separate shower which we were very grateful for. My friend and I are in our 30s and are old enough to know that you cant always get what you want but after we had asked for a different room we felt that the hosts had labeled us as difficult and no matter how nice we tried to be we never felt welcome. I would not stay at this hotel again but If you do decide to stay keep in mind that the walls are paper thin and the terrace bathrooms do not have a separate shower stall. On the plus side, the terrace is nice and the rooms are spacious compared to other places we have stayed in Italy.

Brilliant! Best location you could ask for! This hotel is at the top of La Rambla , right next to Universidad metro stop and a few minutes from Catalunya metro stop. It's less than a minute to La Rambla and althoguh it's on a busy street, it's not a problem. A recurring theme seems to be the TV and coffee machines being out of order, maybe they never worked! But it would be better to remove them from the room completely if this is the case. The hotel is very clean, modern and has a top breakfast down in the basement! We loved our stay here, the room and hotel overall were quite small but not inconveniently so. I would defeinitely recommend, and I can't believe what great value for money this is. Also....we arrived late and wanted to find somewhere for dinner near by and that were still serving! One of the first buildings on La Rambla that you'll come to is a cafe downstairs but just above is Bacco (you'll see the name on the window, it's next to Burger King unfortunately!). It was really cheap, lovely food (starters were stunning, main course nice but nothing fancy). And we had a view over La Rambla and Place de Catalunya.

Decadence This hotel was hard to find initially but then when we wandered in the right direction I couldn't believe how close to the Champs Elysses we actually were! It's a gorgeous hotel, the rooms are tiny but that's Paris! The staff were lovely and the bar was more like being in someone's (very posh) living room. Beautiful place, very swanky but didn't feel we had to put on our airs and graces at all! No pretence just gorgeousness!Plus we got three nights for the price of two!

twas grand!!!! was grand! staff were friendly and hotel was grand!! there was no mice!!

Never Again While the room was nicely decorated, and the view breathtaking, the surroundings were filthy. I've stayed at interstate hotels cleaner than my room! My major complaint was with housekeeping -not only for the dirty room, but because we had left some items behind. They mailed some of the items back home to us (I initiated the call to find the missing items) but they kept the new items I'd purchased in NYC, i.e., all of my items were not returned. They were all in one drawer, so they were not in several locations throughout the room. Somebody's kid is wearing the new school clothes I'd purchased for my son! I wrote two letters - one to the hotel manager, and one to the hotel headquarters - and never received a response.

Not so great.. This is an affordable hotel in a wonderful spot. Really right in the center of everything. Unfortunately the hotel itself was not pleasant to stay in. On the first night I was placed near the street where one can hear the constant noise of the trolley car and rambunctious street band. I was then moved to the back of the hotel into a room that smelled like fresh paint. It was nauseating. In addition to the smell the room was freezing. I asked the front desk about the heat situation and they kept telling me it took awhile to heat up. But it never heated up. Usually I feel like I am a flexible person or easy going where it comes to where I sleep but this was not enjoyable. I recommend this for people who will really only use the room for sleeping. I guess in this situation you get what you pay for.

A fantastic holiday--we will return. Here is from the good,bad and the ugly. . We stayed in Club Golden,at Bahia Principe from dec.7- to dec.20-06. Our flight was a long one,because we made a stop over in Puerto Plata to pick up passengers returning to Edmonton.Our checkin was a little slow.It is at Air transat check-in away from the lobby.All the other guests had their luggage loaded up and were on their way.AND WE WERE STILL LOOKING FOR OUR LUGGAGE.Yes this property is huge,but to their credit,it has a nice layout.Shuttle service straight through the property from the lobby to the beach,Half way to the beach are two pools and A la Carte Restaurants,At the beach are two pools,with lunch and bar-services at each one.The beach is beautiful,soft sand, no coral or schells to cut your feet on. Now I read some reviews about seaweed,,somedays there is some,all a person has to do is go a little to your left or right,And you will find a place with crystal clear water.We loved the buffet and we arrived mostly at opening time. The layout of the food was beautifully arranged,,lots of variety ..If people would only step back for a moment and look at the beautiful display and carvings and appreciate it. We let Julio, the manager know ,how much we liked the set-up,he booked us at two A la Carte Restaurants (steakhouse and seafood) also excellent. Later we found two t-shirts and a bottle of rum in our room.Maid service was very good,She would make beautiful figurines with the towels with flowers on them. At night another maid would bring fresh bath towels and beach towels again ,,then she would leave little chocolates and a little sign with Good night on it.Some people have complained about service people entering your room,while they are taking a shower ect..Please read all the information in your room,when entering your room,all it takes is hanging the (Do not disturb ) sign on the door.There is also a card ,that asks you when ,,would you like to have your room cleaned???(AM NOONor PM) leave it for your maid..All you poor people that complained about walking.I can't understand it ..You have shuttle service and a beautiful walkwaybeside it.Now no bragging here,as for me I am not far form being 70,and I walk every morning at day break for one hour on the beach.My wife would join me later,then we watch the sun with allit's glorious colors rise above the ocean,since our suite was close to the beach,it took us 15 min.to walk to the buffet..to top it off \,my wife had a knee replacement,But what the heck,,,we are walking in the garden of Eden,Back home we would be shovelling snow.All in all ,we recomend this place.We give this place 5-stars in all catagories and shall return this winter.They also added 700 new suites and planning a Brazilian RestaurantSpecial Thanks to Julio Carrion(manager)Camilo at Air Transat check-inDaniel at reception (check-out)WE WILL BE BACK HERB VI

We loved Grand Palladium Bavero Hi,My husband and I really enjoyed Grand Pallidium,the junior suite was great to stay in,the people were very friendly,and the food was great,the weather super, we had a little rain,and it was dry in no time at all,the sun was hot,just do not leave your towel on the beach.we lost one towel when we went for lunch.other than that,it is a great place to be..we will be back. Viola ..Alta. Canada

Just okay to me I stayed at the Hilton Anatole in July 2007 for 3 nights. I attended a conference there, and was busy with it most of my visit, so I did not leave the hotel during the three days. Check in was okay, no real problems, but staff is not overly accomodating. Very dry, no smiles, just like robots, not rude, but not friendly either. I was sharing a room with 3 other adults, and we were quite cramped. Beds are doubles, not queens, so it is small for two adults. Hotel is huge, with lots of restaurants, shops, nice atrium, etc. Our meals were catered by hotel, and all were done very nicely. Food was presented well, was delicious, and service was good. I did not eat in the restaurants outside of catered events. It was very expensive. If you stay here and want to enjoy the amenities of the hotel, bring your good comfortable walking shoes. It is a hike from one area to another. Overall, it was okay for the convention, but I would not choose to stay here otherwise, on my own. Business center is available, but very expensive to use. This hotel caters to large events and conventions, and does a great job at it.

Locatiom, location! We stayed at the St. Marie for 3 nights. I was amazed at the rate of $66 a night! The location is absolutely the best! We walked everywhere, were only a block from Bourbon, but it was very quiet. We felt very safe here, and felt that my car was also safe. Nice old hotel in good shape, was very disappointed in the pool, as it was too cloudy to swim and appeared neglected. The courtyard is very pretty, but on closer inspection, we did not swim, and did not see anyone else swimming even though it was nearly 100 degrees. Staff was OK, not terribly friendly, never greeted us at all as we came and went. Concierge never spoke, just stood at his station. Continential breakfast was nicer than most. I would stay here again for sure, just hope that they start taking care of their pool.

Good basic motel My husband and I stayed at the Travelodge as part of a last minute Site 59 weekend getaway. Since the package price was pretty cheap, I estimate that the motel cost less than $50.00 per night. The motel and grounds are in need of renovation, but our room was quite clean. We liked the large shower and didn't miss a tub. The staff swept the parking lot and the walkways daily. We found the staff pleasant and helpful. Some of the motel has two stories, we were in a section that had one story. It was very convenient to park our rental car right outside our window. The location was a real bonus - easy access to route 280 and 101. We spent two days visiting the city (@ 20 minutes away) and three other days exploring the coast and hill towns. The airport noise and traffic did not bother us as others have mentioned. This was an inexpensive, decent place to sleep after a long day of sightseeing, nothing more.

A very expensive hotel The view Central Station, St Nicholas Church and Nemo

comfy and spacious Hotel Beacon

Just what we needed! We spent four nights at the London NYC recently for a friend's wedding. This is a terrific hotel centrally located in Midtown next to the Ziegfeld Theater and several blocks from the Park. Our room was spacious and very nicely appointed; it had a sitting room with a divan, chair, and desk, and a separate bedroom with a king bed and huge bathroom with a double shower. Both rooms had flat panel televisions and wireless internet. We found the bed to be very comfortable with super soft sheets and the room itself was extremely quiet for NYC; we were on the 27th for. The towels and toiletries were very nice as well.Enjoyed a meal downstairs at Maze one evening. It's a lively place with attentive servers and delicious tapas sized offerings. We did not reserve far enough in advance to be accommodated at the Gordon Ramsey, which, according to several people who have dined there, is like no other place on earth!

Wonderful Bali Tropic Hotel My husband and I have had yet another fantastic holiday at the Bali Tropic and I am at a loss to understand the negative reports on this site. We have stayed at this hotel on several occasions and have never received any bad or indifferent service from the staff. On the contrary the staff has always gone out of their way to make our holidays memorable with their friendliness and kindness.As for the food, there was never any cause for complaint and the service in the a la carte restaurant was always efficient, I understand why there are reports mentioning the slowness or rudeness of the staff in this area. Furthermore if there was nothing on the menu that took our fancy, the chef was always willing to prepare something special for us.On the evening of my 70th birthday, the hotel prepared a lovely secluded table on the beach for us to celebrate in style and gave him some traditional Balinese clothes to wear to make the occasion very special. I would also recommend the Spa and the treatments which are professional and very good value. The Spa has several private treatments rooms with outdoor Balinese baths and showers, heavenly!!We shall definitely return again and regularly recommended this hotel to our friends and family.

Fun little hotel I stayed at the Chancellor with my grown daughter because we had just 2 days and wanted to shop and sightsee. I picked it because the reviews were so great, and I really loved it. You can't beat the location, and the parking set-up worked well for us, since we had a car with us. We left it in the garage most of the time and used the cable car in front of the hotel. Mostly we walked.The room was very small, as was the bathroom, but it was so clean, cute, and neat that we were fine with it. We had been warned through Tripadvisor reviews that the rooms were small. Best of all was the service! Everyone was just real friendly and very helpful. We had a blast!Highly recommend Beach Blanket Babylon if you can get tickets.

Handy Good Place to stay for early flight the next day.Have a shuttle bus that takes you to the various terminals. Rooms are clean, seems fairly new. Well decorated. QuietComputer access in lobby is free. also have a business center you can use for a charge.

Best Hotel in Paris We had the pleasure to stay at the D'Aubusson in mid May to celebrate our 40th wedding anniversary. It could not have been a more memorable experience. The facilities were great and the entire staff was delightful! We went on an overnight trip to Normandy and when we returned, I felt like I was coming home. Too bad we had only that night left of our memorable trip to Paris.We found several places to eat on the side street Rue Christine and if we needed something else the staff was more than happy to suggest something.We look forward to an excuse to go back to Paris so we can enjoy this hotel again.

perfect vacation Spring break was awesome for us with our trip to Club Med. The beach was beautiful, plenty of chairs and trees to read under, weather was absolutely amazing, 85 with slight wind blowing all the time. The activites were there, we just chose to watch and read. We would definitely return and just stay longer. The GO's were so nice and friendly and very helpful in making the trip our best ever!

Wonderful experience Just back from the Palace today.What a beautiful hotel, with efficient,friendly and helpful staff.We booked a standard room at a great price on the web and were delighted when we arrived to be upgraded to a suite on the 9th floor which you could only get to by using your room key in the lift.This made it really special as the trip was for our 30th wedding anniversary.The hotel is very central(the number 200 bus stops right outside and the Zoo is directly across the street) We flew into Schoenefeld airport and bought a ticket for the train in the newsagents in the arrivals hall.It is about a five minute walk from the airport to the railway station and a 35 minute journey to Zoologischer Garden station,then about a five minute walk to the hotel and costs 2euros 10 cents.Due to our flight time this morning we decided to take a taxi back to the airport,which cost 30 euros.The breakfast in the hotel is amazing,even serving smoked salmon and champagne(if that's to your taste) and it was nice at night to go back to your room to find the bed turned down,the TV turned round to face the bed with the TV guide and remote control on the bedside table and your slippers sitting waiting at the side of the bed.All these little touches make it a very special hotel to stay in.There are so many places to see in Berlin and a long weekend is certainly not long enough-you could spend two days at the shops alone!!Great bargains to be had at this time of year as all the shops have sales-some with 50% reductions.One thing I would avoid is the hop on,hop off city tour.At 20 euros each this was an absolute rip off.Yes you can hop on and off,but if you want to go back to say stop number 2 after you get off at stop number 5,you have to get back on the next bus that comes along to stop number 5 and go all the way round again as the tours only go in one direction which can take nearly 2 hours.It is much easier (and cheaper) to buy a day ticket for 6 euros and jump off and on the number 100 or 200 buses which pass all the sight anyway. Definitely a hotel and city to be recommended-can't wait to go back and see more.

Fantastic location for first time visitors We stayed three nights in August and loved this hotel. It was perfectly situated (metro stops, Embarcadero and most importantly, SBC Park for some concerts we saw). The staff were friendly and promptly rectified a billing error with no argument or hassle. Although we were never in when they had the warm cookies and milk, the fact that it was available made it even better. The standard room we had was tastefully decorated and cozy but fine for the amount of time we spent there. One note: we had thought the Y was free for guests to use, but in fact there was a $10/day charge. Overall, would stay there again and highly recommend it.

We had a great time! Crystal Clear Beach

Great Location but Choose Another Hotel My husband and I stayed here before a flight to Dominica earlier this year. The location was outstanding but the hotel itself left room for much improvement. Based on the physical structure of the building we assumed it was not constructed to be a Radisson. It has an overall feeling of The taxi dropped us at the entrance to the hotel which is actually on the side of the building. There was no one to greet us and help with luggage. This would present a problem for older guests or people with disabilities. The lobby entrance is dark, thick with cigarette smoke and generally feels dreary.We paid for Club level services and it was a waste of money. The room itself was average and the bathroom was tiny. However, on the plus side, the Sleep Number bed was outstanding. We were supposed to have complimentary bathrobes and had to call for them. Another service we paid for was nightly turndown service which we never received. The room safe did not work properly so we requested service. The and whatever he did left the safe still not working. Hot breakfast was supposedly included with the cost of the room; it was not.The hotel is constructed in such a way that many things simply do not One selling point for the Club is private check-in and check-out but this is done on the top floor of a separate tower. The swimming pool and billiards room are also located in a separate tower. We expected that at the very least they would provide a written explanation of where things were located on the property but that happen. This made for a frustrating stay to say the least.Overall, we felt we paid far too much money for what we received. stayed at much cheaper hotels with nicer accommodations and better service. Checkout was a zoo and the clerk was not the least bit concerned that we were dissatisfied. We were scheduled to stay at the Radisson on our way back from Dominica but changed our hotel.Completely separate from the Radisson, the location is outstanding. There are several stores and some great restaurants within walking distance sure to check out Yerba and the Asian Fusion restaurant down the street. The local bus (Number 21) costs only 75 cents and goes to Old San Juan. If you feel like walking about an hour, you can walk to Old San Juan. The beach is a couple of blocks from the hotel.We strolled along the main street at night and never felt threatened in terms of safety. There were always tourists and joggers out and about. We do not recommend the Radisson but do highly recommend this area of San Juan.

Good old hotel The Marqueen is in an old building with a long and illustrious history. At various times it's been a Ford worker complex (turn of the century), an apartment building and an opium den. : )Now it has been restored as a old world feel hotel which definitely lacks the lustre and shine of the new and the modern but still has it's charm. The suites are spacious with tall ceilings, original hardwood floors, new bathrooms and original kitchens with massive cupboards. Not all the suites are flawless - some still have carpeting over the hardwood for instance, and there is some must in the air, but it's not unexpected or bad, and the work is not finished. The furnishings have an antique feel to them, there is free wi-fi, robes and the best, most helpful staff I have ever seen. They were truly outstanding ensuring the stay was a great experience. You can't beat the value for the price for a downtown Seattle hotel. All the great things downtown are within walking distance and the one cab ride we felt was required was only ten dollars. If you're not the kind of person to be put off by an older feeling room it's great value, but if you need shiny surfaces and modern furnishings this is not the place for you.

Loved the Hilton I stayed here on the night of my birthday and had a wonderful experience - the location is ideal for those seeking close proximity to tourist attractions, bars and restaurants - the room was great and the contemporary but comfortable surroundings enhanced our stay. We stayed in an executive room and my parents in a standard room - both were the same! with the exception of the floor level (we were higher) it is fair to say that we did not have enough of a 'view' to warrant the higher price. Breakfast was a little disappointing when we discovered we were unable to sit in the executive restaurant and unable to go to the main restaurant?! The situation was resolved but was uncomfortable to say the least, however this is the best hotel I have stayed in when visiting London and would return without question

Lovely Hotel - great bar! My partner and I stayed in the hotel for 1 night with our 3 year old daughter and were impressed with the staff, decor and amenities offered within the hotel. The bar is impressive offering a wide range of cocktails and a good menu should you wish to dine in a more relaxed setting than the restaurant and unlike a number of other hotels were happy for children to sit in the bar. Bedrooms are spacious and the mac system (TV, wifi, dvd, cd etc) is especially good. The quality of food was of a high standard and the continental breakfast is good value at The few negatives include a poor view (perhaps a good idea to request a 'room with a view') and the feeling of being a little removed from the west end though Hses of Parl, Eye etc are well within walking distance.

Great service, location, and value! The Granados 83 is a really great hotel. We stayed there 13-16 July and had not one problem during this time. It's in a great location in the L'Eixample district and is up the Ramblas from the heavily tourist populated Barri Gottic district (we visited here one evening but found it too hectic for a relaxing weekend in BCN and headed back to our hotel's district to relax!). We felt the area where the hotel is gave more of an insight into Barcelona life with less hustle and bustle and a lovely relaxed atmosphere in the area. The hotel has a very comfortable, trendy New York loft style. There's a great terrace bar and swimming pool on the roof which is great by day to catch some sun and enjoy a drink while relaxing and by night it's great to return up there after a meal for a night cap in the balmy night air with some cool music in the background. FOOD: The reception and bar staff are 'very' helpful - just ask them for recommendations for where to eat and you won't be disappointed. Over the three nights we stayed we ate near the hotel. The nicest meal we had was in 'Windsor Restaurant' a few blocks from the hotel. Try the DELICIOUS gastronomique/tasting menu incl wine) - I would say the nicest meal I've ever had! Have a drink in the Dry Martini bar near by before your meal. Very stylish place and a great way to start the evening. They have lots of different types of martinis and they also do other cocktails including a delicious Bloody Mary and beers etc. Also excellent is the more expensive (but worth it) La Dama Restaurant for fine, delicious food and excellent service meal and wine). Finally, go to Cerveceria Catalana for excellent tapas and a wonderful atmosphere - we ate here on our first night as we were looking for something light on arrival - grab a place at the bar or wait for a table - again all three of these places are a stroll from the hotel.Overall Barcelona is a great place to visit for a weekend. Do take the Tourist bus (jump on anywhere and buy a ticket) to get your barings. It's a wonderful way to see the city especially in the summer where it might be too hot for too much walking - The Parc Guell is lovely - our tip, grab a sandwich and drink on the way there (a street on the way uphill has a supermarket on the left near the top of the road). We thought in hindsight it would be nicer to grab a quiet place to sit and eat in the shade and enjoy the nice atmosphere and music playing around the park than sit at the cafes which are perfectly good but busier. Le Pedera is probably best visited earlier in the morning. We passed by in the morning and there were no queues, later in the day the queues were very long.Have a great time in Barcelona - everyone seems very friendly and are not just putting it on for the tourists - we were very impressed by the service we received from everyone!

Wonderful experience My husband and I recently spent 2 nights at the RIVERFRONT and have nothing but positive things to say about it. There were absolutely NO problems and the shuttle service was frequent enough to be pleasant, people inside and outside the hotel were gracious and friendly, and our room was very clean and comfortable. Would definitely go there again.

pleasant stay We visited the hotel after its renovation. We had a very pleasant stay. Our room was great and always clean, the staff was very friendly, the breakfast was nice and the location perfect! We definitely recommend it!

nice stay! The hotel was recently renovated. It is located in Chinatown, very close to Outram park metro station. I have stayed in a single room, it was very clean but tiny. The breakfast was simple but satisfying. The hotel is close to a temple so I heard the bell every morning but that did not disturb me at all. The staff was very friendly and helpful. I certainly reccomend it!

Good hotel Mostly very good things to say about this hotel1) Good location on Lombard Fillmore. Ask for quieter room on back street.2) Free parking,but it can get hard to find later in the evening. Some parking on back street.3) Free Wi-Fi4) Lots of shops and restaurants 1 block away on Chestnut St.5) Nicely decorated room6) Friendly, helpful staff7) Lots of Cable TV ChannelsThings that needed improvement...1) Low water pressure in shower2) Coffee pot didn't fit coffeemaker, so water sat in filter basket

Perfect place to stay! My husband and I stayed at the Mayfair as a part of our trip to France for my birthday. We had stayed in the countryside before spending the last 3 nights in Paris. We loved the countryside, and did not expect to have as quiet and restful sleeping quarters once we got to Paris. The Mayfair was a surprise. Not only was it truly quiet, though in the heart of town, it was beautifully appointed and the bed was wonderful. We could walk everywhere from the location. The staff was helpful and friendly. This will be a place we definitely come back to.

Spacious, friendly Senoir I apartment

Enjoyed the Millenium View from Hotel Room

Little Gem Great location and price! Although the rooms are small, the price is right, the rooms are clean, the water is hot, the breakfast is delicious, and the staff is awesome. The staff really went out of its way to help us with bus routes, directions, suggestions, etc. They never let us waste money on a cab, but rather showed us the easiest and cheapest way to get places. Breakfast is wonderful, just watch out for other pushy guests!

Perfect stay! We stayed here on two different occations in August for 5 nights and we were really satisfied. Very nice suites , fully equipped and modern. Staff was great ( taking out a Bently when taxi drivers refused the short trip to The Fairmont Royal York with heavy bags) and location perfect. I later checked in at the Fairmont Royal York for the AIDS conference , but it was not nearly as good as the suites, which suprised me a lot. I would highly recommend this hotel. Also very good price when booking ahead on the internet. Mellgren , Sweden

Not as good as it used to be.... The Beautiful Atrium

Old South, still suffering from Katrina My husband had meeting at this hotel last week. The rooms are smaller than most newer hotels. We understand the mgmt is still housing some of its staff in order to stay open since Katrina. New Orleans definitely needs everyone's business to rebuild. Everything was clean, flowers in lobby beautiful. Problem with locks is that the keys demagnetize when in the same pocket as credit cards or cell phones. Had to return to front desk twice to get re magnetized. Reception food was lovely, nicely done in their top floor room. Disappointed at the pool...Advertised as roof top pool...was more like a wading pool, not long enough to be a lap pool. Exercise room had lots of new equipment.Was given good direction to coffee shop 2 blocks down the street. Hotel book says their restaurant opened at 6 for breakfast, but doesn't open untll 6:30, Had to wait til we got to airport to get breakfast.

Small hotel with small rooms My husband chose this hotel for the price and location for a meeting in May. I joined him for 2 nights. The room was adequate, but small. The bathroom was cramped at best. There was no place to set or hang cosmetic bags, except on a towel rack that was right against the toilet. One had to shut the bathroom door by backing into the toilet or sink. Good things about the hotel was the coffee and tea service in the morning and the wine reception in the afternoon. The staff were all extremely interested in the welfare of all the guests. Friendly, as welll as accomodating. They allowed us to extend our checkout until 1 when his meeting was over. The hotel was a couple blocks from Union Square. The theater district had a number of homeless sleeping on the street. We found a number of small breakfast cafes in the area, trying a different one each morning. All were reasonably priced. The hotel is only about 3 blocks from a Cable Car stop.

Band kids were not well controlled, resturant service bad Husband, dtr, and I stayed here in order to get flight out next morning. Hotel room as expected for Embassy Suites, Noise level on bedroom side from road very loud and disturbing. H.S. band in hotel for Fiesta Bowl were still running wild at 11pm. Service at resturant was terrible, food mediocre. Would not eat there again, would not stay here again.

Al Ponte Mocenigo is a great find in Venice. This hotel is a wonderful find in Venice. Our room was very big and had all the conveniences we needed. It is very easy to find after getting off the vaporetto at the St. Stae stop.Walter and Sandro were friendly and helpful. They make your stay even more enjoyable. The courtyard area is also a nice quiet place to rest after all the hustle and bustle of other areas of Venice.We really enjoyed being in a quieter quarter in venice especially since all of the major sights were easy vaporetto stops from the hotel. We walked easily to the Rialto fish market and the Rialto bridge area. We ate our evening meals in restaurants that were close to the hotel, and were reasonably priced.

Great Stay at H10 Raco Del Pi Just returned from a 3 night stay at the Raco Del Pi. The hotel room, staff, and location was great. I was a little nervous before arrival about staying close to Las Ramblas, but, the hotel location is perfect. It is close enough to the hub of Barcelona, but, it is located on a side street that is quiet at night.The hotel staff members went out of their way to assist us with directions. They were the most professional of the three other hotels we stayed in on this trip.Be aware that taxis are not allowed on the street where the hotel is situated. They have to drop you off at the entrance of the street. The hotel is just a short walk, but, it can be a little disconcerting when the taxi driver tells you to get out.I highly recommend this hotel and Barcelona. The shopping and the architecture in Barcelolna was great. It was also quite a bargain compared to prices in Brussels and Paris which were our next two stops.

Wonderful experience This hotel is located 2 blocks from The Duomo and within walking distance of everything there is to see in Florence. My husband and I had room 19 in the back of the hotel and we were so happy with the lack of street noise so common to other hotels in the downtown areas. Our room was large by European standards, very clean, and had all the necessities one would expect. This is a family-run hotel and the owners and staff could not be more accommodating. The morning breakfast was more than ample, with a large variety of pastries, cereals, fruits, and meats. They made every minute of our stay a delight. I would go back to Florence and stay at Hotel Casci in a heartbeat. Chatham, NJ (USA)

Wonderful time Our beautiful room

Wonderful hotel, the Marriott Since I had read other reviews of this hotel on your website (both pro and anti), I was curious to see how we would like the hotel. We loved it! We were given a tenth floor room facing the ocean. We were thoroughly entertained watching the activity on the beach when we were not actually there ourselves. The hotel was immaculately clean, the personnel were very friendly and helpful, and the food in the restaurant was excellent. There is a tour desk in the lobby for booking activities outside the hotel. The hotel itself provides a full day of planned activities if you are looking for something to do. Our travel agent found a special weekend rate for senior citizens that was a wonderful deal. This is not just a hotel for senior citizens. Indeed, we were in the distinct minority with many young couples and family groups too. The Condado area is the resort spot of San Juan, and this hotel is located right in the middle of the area with a gorgeous beach. I wish we could have stayed longer.

A Hotel With Great Location The Swiss Cafe

Lovely hotel in a nice area. Mood Lighting!

Great-in spite of construction My family recently spent a week at the Lagoon Tower of the Hilton Hawaiian Village. Although we are owners at the Waikoloa Bay Club, bechose to spend some time on Oahu this trip. We were on the 11th floor and although our room overlooked the construction on the lagoon, our view was still magnificent. Our unit was spotless, and spacious. Both the dining area and front room had huge sliding glass doors with attached balconies. We had breakfast in the room daily, since we have food allergies, and breakfast out is always a problem. We made use of the free laundry facilities on our floor, with soap provided by Hilton. My daughter and her husband travelled with us and love to snorkle. They loved Hanauma Bay., which is about 30-45 min away from the hotel. They got there early, at the suggestion of the concierge, and had a great time. The hotel has manyrestaurants, but the area is loaded with lots of affordable (for Honolulu) restaurants. If you like gourmet food, Roy's newest Honolulu location is within walking distance. Good tourist sites in the neighborhood include the Army Museum at Ft. DeRussy. If you're military or retired military, the Hale Koa is right next door with a good PX, and nice luau. All in all it was a great place to stay. I strongly recommend it.

Great Introduction to San Francisco My husband and I stayed at the Handlery March 2-3-4. We loved it ! The price was competitive, our room was small but very clean and the staff couldn't have been nicer!From the minute we walked in we were greeted with big smiles and friendliness and when we left we were encouraged to come back soon. Desk staff Erica and Manny were great and John, the concierge was wonderful. he gave us good tips and directions that were flawless.Saturday night we asked if we could change rooms because we had the neighbors from Hell and the change was made quickly and kindly. No questions asked.We ate our meals at The Daily Grill and found the menu to be varied and everything we had was delicious. Again, everyone was very friendly and helpful.We would go back again in a minute.

Don't believe all the reviews !! My husband and I stayed at this hotel pre- and post-cruise. I read some reviews of the hotel after we had booked and wondered just what kind of place we were going to, because some of the reviews were pretty awful. I must say that our experience was just great !Yes, it does have a small lobby, but it is clean and comfortable and the staff, while young, went out of their way to make us comfortable and get us in a room as quickly as they could. Our rooms were very clean and we had no problems with noise or disturbances from other guests.My husband accidentally left our entire camera case in the taxi that took us to the hotel and three different shifts of desk clerks made calls on our behalf trying to get it back for us. I am pleased to say that a wonderful cab driver brought it to us on his day off and got it to us with just minutes to spare before we left for the pier.Yes, the hotel is in a somewhat transitional neighborhood, but no one bothered us and if you want a great breakfast (at any time of the day) take a minute and walk about a block to the Hurricane Cafe. They have great food at pretty reasonable prices.I would stay at this hotel again.

Not Worth the Money! The first thing is that dogs are allowed in this hotel which would be fine if they were only allowed in certain rooms. When I arrived my room had dog hair on the floor and a dog barking in the next room. I complained 2 times to the staff and they kept telling me that they would contact the dogs owners. The dog continued barking all night till the owners returned home. THe barking stated again at 7 am. We were not offered a different room.The room was ok - not horrible, not great. The location is good for all theatres. The restuarant next door (District) was pricey and not at all worth it.. Plenty of local restuarants have pre-theatre price fix dinners that are alot better and cheaper. There are better hotels in the area for the same price.

Great hotel in excellent location This is a very contemporary hotel (think the W hotel style)located just off the famous Ramblas. Our room was well laid out, comfortable and spotless. It was well priced for the location.There was a mini bar, flat screen tv , plentiful towels and nice toiletries. Great beds and pillows. Quiet with interior courtyard.Helpful, courteous staff who spoke fluent English.

Loved It! We wanted to stay on Waikiki for one night pre-cruise and chose the Outrigger because I happened to find a great deal ($200 per night) on their website one day, which I never saw again.We opted for a standard city view room. Upon check-in I (barely) mentioned wanting something on the quiet side of the hotel (after reading previous reviews here) and was given a partial ocean view room with no hesitation at no extra charge. The room was clean, modern and tastefully decorated. I really felt like I was in Hawaii upon entering.We felt the service was great and even my 11 year old commented on how good it was.We enjoyed eating lunch at Duke's right on the beach. I found was surprisingly inexpensive for a hotel restaurant. The location was great. It's right across the street from the International Marketplace and right in the middle of all the shopping and restaurants you could ever want. I commented to my family about how Vegas-like it was there.The only negative I could come up with would be the pool. If you are traveling with small children be forewarned. The depth starts at over four feet and graduates to eight feet with no really shallow place for little ones. They will definitely enjoy the beach more than hanging out on the small stair landing.

Fantastic hotel for English-speakers, GREAT location This is a great choice for a mid-level hotel in Beijing. The rooms are clean (bathrooms are really nice). If you want to explore the city and use your room for showering and sleeping, this is the place. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful. Not many people speak English in Beijing....there was always at least one fluent English-speaker at the front desk. The rates are reasonable and the location is ideal. VERY close to Forbidden city, Tianamen Square and a subway stop that can take you anywhere in the city! I highly recommend this hotel for your time in Beijing.

Just ok - No Wine and Cheese My husband and I stayed at the Marriott Resort Stellaris Casino in San Juan on Aug 30-31. We had no trouble checking in. The hotel charges a parking fee aware just in case you rent a car. I had read reviews about folks being served rum punch upon check in. There did not appear to be any punch being served, so I asked about it. The front desk clerk was very polite. She indicated since the lobby very busy, punch was not being served. Instead, she said she would have wine and cheese sent to our room. Naturally, I was delighted. After several hours and two phone calls to the front desk, we never received the wine and cheese. I thought it was a sure thing too, especially since we use Marriott ALL THE TIME for our hotels. Too bad; I was really looking forward to it. Overall, the hotel is very nice and the pool area was clean. There is a lot of shade, but not a problem for my husband and I, as we burn easily. The casino was fun. The blackjack was at $5 minimums during our visit. The craps pit opened in the evenings, but the minimum was $10; too high for us as we both like to play. If you want a pre-made pina colada, not hard to get in the casino. I asked for a rum and coke and it took forever. My husband received three pre-made pina coladas in the time it took me to receive one rum and coke (and we were both tipping). Service was too slow. Although we had a nice time, I think I would stay at this hotel again.

Great spot Our room on the first floor

Bavaro Princess Fire Aftermath 1

Amazing Hotel!! This was an amazing hotel! We booked through expedia and got a very reasonable rate (somewhere around 150 per night). We arrived around 11am and our room was ready, which was an unexpected surprise. The rooms were small but comfortable, and had wicked flat screen tv's, ipod alarm clock decks, and beautiful stall showers with great water pressure! Best of all, the beds were rediculously comfortable! The hotel was in a great location - within walking distance to Union Square, movie theatres, and great shopping. I should also note that there was a great restaurant called Bucca right across the street. The gnocci was out of this world!The concierge was particularly helpful! We wanted to eat at cheesecake factory but heard that there tends to be a 1 to 1.5 hour wait during dinner hours. We had our concierge call (eventhough they dont' take reservations), and we waited no more than 2 minutes. Brilliant! This was an incredible hotel and I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it for one second!

Perfect hotel for LA This was an excellent hotel! We booked through their website for $161 per night (AAA rate) and opted to choose our room when we arrived. This was a great idea, as we ended up getting a MASSIVE room overlooking universal studios, with a seating area, and a very comfy king size bed! The hotel itself was great - the staff were extremely helpful, it had a good coffee bar for the morning, a large bar, and a restaurant with a big buffet breakfast (although we did not eat there). The hotel was in a great location - within walking distance to universal studios, and very close to the City Walk, which was fun at night! We drove to downtown LA (grauman's chinese theatre) in 10 minutes, and were at Rodeo Dr. within 15. This hotel is beautiful and is a great choice if you're looking for something a bit more reasonable priced in central LA. I highly recommend it! Parking wasn't too expensive (I think $17 per day), and the lot was easy to use! I highly recommend this hotel. I have stayed at the Sheraton Universal and this is just as good, if not better.

Fantastic Hotel Jazz First time in Barcelona for 3 nights away with my sister for sightseeing, shopping and eating/drinking!! The Hotel Jazz is a perfect place to stay - in fact I couldnt fault it in any way!! I have staying in many 5 star hotels, including the Bellagio in Las Vegas just a couple of months ago, and the Hotel Jazz was of equal standards and comfort. The staff are efficient but also friendly and speak good English.Upon arrival we took the blue Aerobus from outside the airport terminal and got off at the Placa de Cataluyna (cost 3.75 euros each) - the hotel is a quick 5 minute walk away down the Pelei but the entrance is just off the main street (we walked past it without realising at first). Although we arrived at 1030, we were able to get into our room immediately. Our room was on the 5th floor and only felt slight rumble from the underground which wasnt a problem. The windows must be triple glazed because we didnt hear any traffic noise when they were closed. Just a couple of tips in relation to eating out ; the hotel charges 14 euro each for breakfast if not included in your package - we visited a local bakery a couple of blocks away for our breakfast which cost 7 euros for both of us and a small supermarket which is in the straight that runs next to the Cafe D'Or. Previously people on tripadvisor recommended Cafe D'Or for breakfast and dinner - we ate tapas there and it was cold and quite horrible so really disppointed, but the staff were friendly enough. The main restaurant you must visit is Les Quinze Nits in Reial Square ( about half way down Las Ramblas on the left hand side) for quality and very reasonably priced food - it opens for dinner at 2030 and when we arrived at 2020 there was a huge queue of about 100 people!! - we didnt think we would get in but did - we sat outside which was a bit nippy but kept our jackets on. Although I had kept hold of my bag with the tightest of grips for the entire trip I lost my concentration momentarily and hung my bag on the back of my chair. I was promptly spoken to by the security chap at the restaurant to hide my bag away which I did. We also ate at the Hard Rock Cafe for a non-Spanish meal and it had a great atmosphere and good food. For great views of the city, take the smallest lift in the world !!! up the Columbus tower which is located at the bottom of Las Ramblas - however, warning its not for those who are claustrophic or dislike heights. For tours round the city we took the orange Barcelona Tours bus - they arent marketed as much as the other bus company but they are better as you get headphones for the tour which you can select for your language - instead of hearing the same thing being said 5 times over in different languages!! - it took us to all the main sights and we could get off and on as much as we wished. We were really aware of our bags so thankfully didnt get anything stolen, but there is quite a strong presence of police in the Las Ramblas area. We loved Barcelona and will definately be returning! One thing you must take with you is a phrase book and try the language (Catalan or Spanish) as some places do not speak English.

Good tourist location but not over impressed with the room Stayed at the Fishermans Wharf, San Francisco for 3 nights during a holiday to USA in September 2004. We checked in at the main reception which looked nice and gave a good first impression however, were then directed to our room which was in another building on the next road along - not impressed about having to drag our cases along the street at 1030pm particularly after 13 hours of travelling! The standard of the room was OK but there was a faint smell of smoke and we had quite a busy road outside our room. However, we did not spend a lot of time in the room as we were busy out and about during our stay - a good point is that the hotel is well located for the attractions on Fishermans Wharf and for accessing the transport links into the city. Also, there was a really good guy in the reception of the second building who gave us some excellent information about how to get around the city and some other tourist bits of information. I guess on reflection you do get what you pay for and we didnt pay 5* prices, I would class it as an average place to stay with no frills.

Great hotel with quality rooms and service Found this hotel on last minute.com and were guided to it by previous reviews. Got the aerobus to Placa de Catalunya and then walked the short 10-15 mins to the hotel - this was late at night but did not have any problem walking through the area which was really safe. The rooms are huge and are of a high standard decor with really thick curtains that dont let the light in which is great if you want a late lay in! Nice jacuzzi and terrace area on the roof. The only slight negative of our stay was that on our first morning we decided to have the hotel breakfast (not included in rate so paid seperately) and on checkout were shocked to find out that it was 17 euros each - whilst it was nice and of good quality, the choice was quite limited and no where near worth the total price of 34 euros plus tax!!!!!Anyway, Barcelona is great and would seriously recommend the Fat Tire Bike Tours - cant remember the name of the meeting point where the tour started but they have a website you can look at. The tour stopped off at a majority of the major sights in Barcelona and it was a great way to see it all with an informative guide. Ate out for a couple of nights in the restaurants in passag de gracia which is about 2 blocks along from the hotel - would recommend BaBaReBa for good quality food and service, however we would say No No to a restaurant called NoNo which had very basic and limited taste food and uninterested staff. On way back to the hotel on most nights we stopped off at the Haagan Daaz icecream parlour which is just one block away in Rambla de Catalunya. Would definately recommend the use of the Metro which is a quick and easy way to get round - they do a one day travelcard type thing for about 5 euros which is great value and allows you to go all over the city and sights.This was my second visit to Barcelona in a year and it didnt fail to wow me again!!

Nice place, nice location Traveled to England for a two-week tour with spouse and two teens. We needed a relatively inexpensive place with a room for 4. We were quite pleased with the Luna Simone. The beds were quite comfortable, even though the room was very small (didn't bother us). We loved being so close to Victoria Station because we wanted to tour lots of places within London, plus we picked up our rental car for the rest of our trip there. The bathroom was clean and sufficient (why do I always forget that the British don't use washcloths so I could bring my own?). The only drawback was the breakfast--minimal choice and rather cheaply made, I thought, especially compared to later places we stayed.

A Grand Hotel The Regent is one of the most beautiful big hotels I've ever stayed in, and had facilities to match. The hotel is very new, and the service still needs to smooth off some rough edges (mostly in the language department) but our experience overall was terrific. We had a big and beaufifully decorated room with all sorts of special touches (including free internet -- too many hotels of this grade charge 15-25$). The breakfast buffet was lavish and delicious. The fitness center was splendid and the pool was a delight -- sooo big. Also, the hotel's location is very central. Overall, a marvellous place to stay in Beijing.

Pet Friendly Find in SF We chose the Laurel Inn because it takes pets and provides parking, but found that it has a lot more going for it. The location in a quiet residential neighborhood was great for us, as it gives a different view of SF than the usual downtown one, but it could be inconvenient for some travellers. The rooms were unusually large for a city hotel, and very comfortable, with a pleasant and muted W-ish decor. Our first room had a small kitchenette, the second did not -- here, a micro wave and a small fridge would have been welcome. The front desk staff was very helpful and very welcoming, to us and to our standard poodle. The parking was great. And the price was very reasonable, considering the quality of the place. We would recommend the Laurel enthusiastically to our friends, unless they need to be downtown.

Big Room, Well Priced, but FILTHY we booked a 2 room suite for 2 days... On expedia it stated that you would get 2 bedrooms with queen sized beds and a sofa bed in the living room.... Instead master bedroom w/ queen sized bed w/ master bath attatched, a small children's bedroom w/ a double bed and a small love seat w/ no pull out... this did not work very well as there were 2 couples and a friend of ours who drove from west palm beach and was hoping to sleep on a sofe bed ended up sleeping on a love seat..... the kitchen advertised was big however there were absolutely no cutlery, glasses, pots or pan...Room service was useless and did not speak english very well..... the worst part of it all is that the room was filthy... the floors looked like they haven't been mopped in months and the bath tub mouldings were molding....they clean your room every second day and all they really do is change your towels I don't even think they wipped any thing down..

Great Place for the price bathtub

Recommended Not a lot to say other than that we found this hotel to be of an excellent standard. We did not experience any problems whatsoever with the accomodation, staff, location nor anything else. A special mention is deserved for the bed which had the most comfortable and sumptuous mattress I have ever slept on! All in all a hotel that we would not hesitate to recommend and that we would be pleased to stay at again.

Lovely, lovely, lovely! First off, I lost my mobile phone as soon as we arrived in London. It fell out in the taxi and got lost forever. The hotel was really proactive in trying to help me. What else can I say? This hotel is a gem!!!!!! Wonderful, caring staff in an excellent location - very close to two tube stations and finally, a comfortable bed!!!!!!! The room was clean and lovely. The hotel is beautiful and quaint. There's nothing more to say.... I LOVE YOU, PARKCITY! Thank you for an amazing stay!

Wonderful hospitality, quiet, hotel, rock hard bed... This hotel was under contruction while we were there, just this summer (2008). Though the construction was inconvenient, the hotel staff was wonderful and the hotel was very very nice. The rooms are small but of course, that's a typical European hotel room. The double-paned windows made the noise from the busy street below virtually non-existent. The hotel is literally in one of the best and most convenient areas!!!! The only thing that was hard (literally) was the bed. It was a rock. Other than that, I highly recommend the hotel!

Hotel close to Pier 39 View from our balcony at the Wharff Inn

Great Central location - comfortable We stayed 3 nights at this hotel after flying in from Australia and recuperated from the flight well. The room was aged, but clean and well maintained, the beds were great. Location of this hotel was great, the view excellent (water view) - Hyatt Guest room - accommodated 3 of us comfortably.Front line staff were a bit reluctant (may have been the Aussie accent). Breakfast was ordinary - better options around town that cost less.The location of the hotel allowed us to either walk or catch trams to explore San Francisco. We felt this was a good area and felt safe.If you're looking for a centrally located, comfortable and clean hotel then I'd recommend this hotel and we'd stay again.

I've had better This hotel should be a lot nicer for what you're actually paying. Not a five star at all, it looks kind of shabby and a bit dirty if you ask me. My bathroom was lacking some maintainance and I bet you cannot say you're happy when you pay for your car to be parked at the hotel you're staying in. Kind of annoying to find not very helpful people at front desk. Super expensive for what you get, would have liked to pay much more if i'd had known it will be such a waste. Anyway, it has a great location and that made things easier. Wish i had heard about all costs before calling in though.

Fantastic Location, Stylish Rooms Deluxe view bedroom

I Was Very Impressed! The Pool

Friendliest Staff Ever We stayed at the Sofitel for 2 nights, upon arrival, we were instantly greeted by the bellman, directed to check in and able to check in at 8 in the morning. the staff is the friendliest staff I have come across, not only in New York, but anywhere!!!The room was very nice, large bathroom, clean tub, shower, magnifying mirror, tv speaker and phone in bathroom, marble.the room was very comfortable, ironing board and iron, safe, mini bar, etc. Quick elevators, nice comfortable lobby with internet access. We had absolutely no problems. We were even able to extend our check out time!!The Sofitel is in a great location on 44th St. 2 blocks from the hubbub of Times Square, but the street is very quiet.The thing I was most impressed with was the feeling you received from the front desk staff, they seemed genuinely happy you were there and genuinely happy to be working. What a nice suprise!!!

Great Location I stayed at the property last week with my parents. Overall there are so many positive things to say. It is very clean, very modern, comfortable and large rooms. The staff is very helpful and nice! Plus the location can't be beat! It is the best location to be in... just steps from everything!Only two things I should mention .. it isn't really a hotel or inn in the normal sense .. it is more apartments. Which is fine, just please note that there isn't a typical front desk, etc. Also, we missed having the continental breakfast and it is hard to find a place for a sit down breakfast in the morning. However, we were only there for one night so if you are staying longer, it might not be an issue since they have a fridge, stove, etc in the room. Also, not all the rooms have the same amenities .. such as cable sattelite, etc. I think this would be the perfect place to stay if you are in Florence for 3 nights or so and are looking for less of a hotel type experience.

Great location, spacious rooms. My husband and I stayed at the Best Western Premier Hotel Laurus in November 2007 for two days. We loved the hotel and highly recommend it to anyone thinking of staying there. The location is great, we didn't have to use public transport at all, and could easily cover all the main attractions in Florence by foot. It is literally steps away from the Duomo, and makes you feel in the thick of all the action in the city. The rooms were clean and spacious. The staff was efficient. They also had a decent continental breakfast. In summer you can make use of the outdoor seating on the terrace which has a great view of the Duomo. It is also at a walkable distance from the train station.

Wonderful value, Great location Our family of four just returned from a great stay at the Columbus Motor Inn. The location of this motel is perfect. We parked our car and never moved - easy walk to Fisherman's Wharf China Town. Motel staff was extremely helpful - early check-in and printing of airline boarding passes. Our room was very nice and very clean. Overall a fantastic place to stay!

Lovely and central but VERY noisy! I checked out lots of reviews for this hotel before I went, so specifically asked for a room on the inner courtyard away from the street. However when we got there, we were told there wasn't such a room available! This meant that it was very noisy at night, the street seems to be a major cut-through for freight traffic, and the lights from the bars across the street came through the curtains.But other than that it is a lovely little hotel for all it's two stars, better than some three stars I've stayed in! The staff were very helpful and friendly, rooms exceptionally clean, shower had good water pressure. Beds and towels were fresh everyday and breakfast was perfectly adequate. Although would highly recommend using one of the local pattiseries for something extra special (and cheaper).Overall, would recommend IF you can get a room off the road.

Bells and Whistles-Lacks Basics We were so excited to stay at the Hotel Vitale after reading all the reviews. Upon arrival, we were expertly greeted, made aware of the $42.00 a day valet fee, and expedited quickly to our basic yet comfortable room with a nice view of the bridge. We began to unpack and quickly noted that there was no dresser for our 6 days worth of clothing, so we lived out of our suitcases and one hanging closet. We walked around and loved SF and the close proximity of transportation and necessities. Keep in mind that on the weekends, most eateries in the financial district are closed. We were peacefully sleeping when at 5:00AM four large tables crashed out in the hallway. An employee evidently was preparing for a future event on the 7th floor terrace. The next morning, housekeeping knocked quietly and quickly and came on in at 8:00AM to our shock. The next day, when we returned at 4:30PM to prepare for dinner with family, housekeeping was in our room and we had to wait outside. Also, if you don't get downstairs before 7:00AM, you will miss the complimentary coffee and must pay $3.00 a cup. Overall, they went above and beyond the call of duty for what they feel is important, but a dresser, housekeepting at reasonable hours, and complimentary coffee are important to us. Not bottled water, bittersweet chocolates, robes and pricey spa products for sale everytime you go into the bathroom. Wish it would have been better.

A Gem My two children and I stayed at the Chancellor for four nights this month during a two week road trip from South Carolina to San Francisco. I had read the reviews and chose the Chancellor because of location primarily. We were checking in after three nights in the Bellagio in Las Vegas so I wasn't sure about how the kids would react after all of the flash and grandiosity of the previous hotel but they loved the Chancellor as did I for several reasons. First, of course location, location, location. So close to great eats (Sears was awesome for dinner and breakfast), great shopping, parking (reasonable), drug stores, transportation whether you want a quick ride to the Wharf on the F line or a thrilling ride on the cable car. It was warm in SF when we were there but we opened the windows and everything was fine with very little noise. Because the hotel is small and we saw the same employees (who would quickly recognize us) over and over again, the children were able to be a little more autonomous than usual so they were allowed to go downstairs alone to get the complimentary popcorn, apples, and cookies. My son used the ethernet connections in the lounge with me in the evenings and everyone was so friendly to him. My debit card was lost at one point and I called the front desk to ask about the location of a Wachovia bank in SF. They called around and found one that was open that day, a Saturday, called the bank to confirm the hours, mapquested the directions, highlighted the route and sent me on my happy way. I think that the age and size of the hotel give it a unique and friendly feeling that really makes you feel a part of SF. My 10 year old daughter took the yellow duck she was given at the Chancellor into every hotel pool we visited on our way home. I watched as it floated around as she was playing and on several occasions adults picked it up and read the inscription on it and asked my daughter about it and that began a lengthy and colorful conversation about her awesome trip to SF and her stay at the Chancellor. Thanks Wes.

Other reviews overrated Booked this hotel for my Sister and I as a special treat after reading the reviews. Had a deluxe room which I felt was quite pricey but because of the reviews on this sight felt I was going to get what I paid for. The room (requested a twinbedded room) was on the top floor and very small with not much space to hang our clothes (by the way we only went for 3 nights). Very handy for the airfrance bus from Charles de Gaulle airport. Room very dusty and bathroom very small. The bathrobes provided were extra large which drowned my sister and I , considering the French by and large are petite ,thought this was a great insult. The breakfast was an additional optionand it was inadequate and overpriced and the service was dreadful as the only waiter was also doing all the in room breakfasts whilst trying to keep up with restocking the very uninteresting breakfast selection and providing drinks. The hotel was in a quiet street t but miles away from anywhere except the Arc de Triomphe. If you want to walk from here to see the sights forget it.

Beautiful location! My husband and I stayed at this hotel in Sept., 2001, for two nights. The hotel is also a conference center so it had a beautiful lobby, several ballrooms, ample grounds plenty of parking. The rooms were larger than other comparable hotels we stayed in during our trip. The view from our room was magnificent - overlooking the pool and mountains in the background. The food was fine and it was the only hotel we stayed at in Italy which had an ice machine! The only drawback to this hotel was the fact that it was not situated in downtown Florence. There was a hotel shuttle to from downtown but you had to mind the schedule or take a cab. Nevertheless, we were pleased with the hotel and service.

Hideaway on the beach (almost) A great find in hectic Legian. This hotel is tucked away from the noise and activities of this area, and is on beautiful grounds, with only a road between the hotel and the sea. The road is closed to traffic, so consider it a pathway. There are two pools, and the public areas are very attractive. The service is excellent, and everyone is very obliging. Our ground level room was set in the gardens, in a block of 8 rooms, 4 upstairs and 4 on ground level, with private entrances. There is a small patio attached to each room overlooking the tropical gardens. The room was very comfortable, with a safe, mini bar, TV and a/c. The bathroom had a permanent opening to a teeny atrium, so it is always warm, which I found strange but it was okay. Breakfast was included, and they provided a tastybuffet in the restaurant overlooking the pool. There is a spa but we didn't use it. We went to the Secret Garden Spa in Legian which is excellent and very reasonable. The beach was a disappointment, as it didn't look clean, but it may have been the effects of the tsunami. There are many hawkers on the beach, so we opted to spend our days at the pool, sitting under the palm trees, or even in your own gazebo if you get to the pool early enough. This is not a luxury hotel, but very adequate and good value for your money.

Loved the hotel - loved the city We loved the Harbour Plaza. To me cleanliness is the #1 priority and this one is super clean. It is an easy walk to great shopping and interesting sightseeing. Breakfast was included with our tour and the hotel buffet was very good. The staff is very accommodating and went out of the way to help us. The room itself was very comfortable (only I am not one to travel all that way to sit in a room). I hated to leave.

Great Little Hotel Originally we were planning a cheap weekend away to Florence. It is a city that both my Husband and I have always wanted to visit. After extensive research i was recommended by a friend to check out the Design Hotels website... and after doing so fell in love with the look of Hotel Continentale. Reviews posted on this website were good, and the location was fantastic, the clean cut and contemporary design appealed to us, and we also came across a very good deal directly with Design Hotels (near enough half the normal price for a classic double room). This Hotel was fantastic and we were so glad we chose it. It is positioned on one end of the Ponte Vechio, literally, so perfectly positioned for everything we needed. We were lucky enough to be given a room on the top floor, with 2 balconies overlooking the street and the river. We could also see Plazzio Vechio, which looked stunning lit up at night. The room was very clean, contemporary, light and airy. The bathroom was very modern large, considering this is a city hotel. Overall this gave us a very good impression of Design Hotels, and i would definity book another Design Hotel in the future. Florence is gorgeous, and we simply couldn't fit everything in that there is to do and see... a return visit is definitely on the cards. If you are reading this then go - and spend a little extra and stay here - it is worth every penny.

Go Club...all the way!! Had a great few days at the Arts Hotel with some friends. The room was ok, not fabulous as I expected it to be at the price. We had booked the club level room, and that was our best decision, if you can afford it then go for it. The champagne was flowing, and the food services were small but delicious. Very tasty and we did not feel the need to go to a restaurant every meal time as the food in the lounge was sufficient.The rest of the hotel was nice....but VERY expensive. You have to pay for EVERYTHING you use, even the coffee in the room, which is a little bizarre as it's so very expensive anyway.I would go back and I do recommend it though.Enjoy!!!

Old Hotel This is a pretty rundown hotel. We did not choose it. Our travel agent booked the hotel through a cruise company as part of a package deal. It was about fifteen minutes away from town and very close to the airport. We knew we would have to pay for parking overnight but were unaware of a parking tax on top of the regular fee. The service at the hotel coffee shop was really slow and the waiter seemed really bothered by having to come to our table to see what we wanted. The soup was brought to us pretty cold, but he seemed to vanish so we couldn't complain. Even Denny's would probably have been better.

Wonderful hotel We stayed for 4 nights at the beginning of our trip to California and another single night at the end - and all were fantastic. The location is great, the staff exceptionally helpful and rooms are spacious and clean. We'd absolutely recommend this hotel - fantastic value for money.

Great hotel Booked a junior suite through Scooch.com - for 4 nights for 2 of us - bargain for what we got. Massive room, clean, great location, no noise, fast lifts, friendly staff, hot shower/bath- would go back, no question!

Okay / more or less The Hotel is really good situated. You reach Boston downtown within 10 min. on foot. And public transportation is just around the corner.Staff was very friendly.The room had a good size but it had an offensive smell....There is also a bar wich belongs to the Hotel, maybe interesting to mention that it is a gay-bar. But let me say, I've never seen some curious people in the hotel.Our room included Breakfast.I was a little bit surprised to get just ONE cupon for two persons about 5$ (not including the tax) so it was just impossible to get breakfast for two persons for this amount. Cupon was meant for a Restaurant just around the corner.... That's an absolute scream.Alltogether: It was okay for this stay. Next time I would search for another location to stay inn.

Perfect Location for a brief Sightseeing Trip Shinagawa Prince Bathroom

A Very Happy New Year! NH Barbizon Palace at night

Don't stay anywhere else What can Isay that has not already been said. My husband and I stayed at the Banks Mansion over August Bank Holiday. We upgraded to canal view room which was well worth it. As soon as we arrived we were impressed by the building, the cleanliness of the hotel, how smart and how helpful the staff are. A special thanks to Nina who made us feel so welcome, and always had a smile for everyone. All staff lovely but Nina stood out from the rest. Our room was large by european standards, spotless and as mentioned by others had very well stocked mini bar. The breakfast room was lovely with a good selection of foods, my husband enjoyed his freshly made omelettes very much. Once again everything was spotless. Amsterdam is a lovely place to visit with very friendly helpful people. So easy to get around and we always felt safe. If you are making your way from the station to the hotel by tram make a note to get tram number 24, 25 and I think 16 also goes there. the hotel is a couple of minutes walk from the tram stop. Ask for Herengracht Canal. Thank you Banks Mansion for making our stay a wonderful one. Lorraine and David.

great value, lovely room. Stayed here for a week in may with my husband. good points;room (in block 3) was lovely-we had a fruit platter and a bottle of rum as a gift for our anniversary. food was generally good. mexican, seafood, japanese and italian restaurants the best. we took our own beach towels but didnt need them. sports bar great.beautiful beach. nice wreck just off the beach if youre into diving. horseriding ok but expensive ($40).bad points; food in the main restaurant average, paris restaurant crap. some of the cocktails are very weak! bar staff can be a bit surly. night club awful-smells of sick! casino not great.All in all we paid for a weeks all-inclusive, which I think was great value, we both had slightly bad tummies, but I think that ia par for the course when travelling to these destinations. weather in may is not the best-bit stormy.

Great location , nice hotel right in the center of Amsterdam The Luxer is a great small hotel right in the center of Amsterdam . You just step out of the central station and walk for 2 minutes and you're there. The atmosphere in the hotel is very nice, all hotel staff are happy to give advice and help if needed. The rooms are quite small but clean and well equipped, all rooms have shower (those can get a bit messy becuae they're tiny and not very comfortable, we had to wipe the water constantly after using the shower). The breakfast is great, there is no cooked breakfast but the variety is quite good though the breakfast area can be quite crowded at times. At night the breakfast area is used as a bar but its still quiet and great if you feel like having a drink at 2AM all of the sudden.After staying here for a week this would be my choice on my next visits to Amsterdm.One negative point about the service in the hotel - there is an in room safe in every room but using it will cost you 5euro for every day of your stay (we stayed for one week so had to part with 35 euro for this...).

Great Hotel, Great Location! We spent Memorial Day weekend in San Francisco. The Argonaut is at Fisherman's Wharf, close to restaurants, cable cars, and the Piers. The hotel was lovely. The free wine from 5-6 was great, and made it easy to socialize with other guests. The room was large, very clean (of course) and well outfitted.

Just outstanding My son and I stayed there for 6 nights in early August. I can only echo the other reviews. The security was great. It had the feel of a small hotel with the amenities of a much larger one. Location was superb, as we went to the theatre every night, and we could walk everywhere.

Loved it The Russell from George Street

I love New York, and the Affinia I was in New York in october, 2005. I didn't remember if I wrote my review. Anyway just few lines to express my total satisfaction for this hotel. As reviews I read said Affinia 50 is a perfect location for your journey. Well located, midtown, near underground stop, near baggels shop and starbucks, close to a supermarket... all the facilites. We had a very beautiful room in the 10th floor. I think the name was junior suite. We had two enormous beds, a kitchen (perfect for preparing breakfast or dinner if you decide to rest a litlle), at least 30 square metres I think. Hotel staff was nice, although I didn't need them a lot, just for asking for an electric switch to charge my european mobile. Just for your interest, we use airport shuttle for a company (the blue shuttle I thing, 8 usd per person more or less and they pick you up at the airport and pick you from the hotel to the airport) and it's a good alternative to a taxi, and cheaper. Coming back to Affinia, I'm looking for bad things, the breakfast price, maybe? As I've said you have lot of chance in the surroundings. Apart from that, I will return to Affinia when I return to New York, the best place I've ever stayed.

Great experience for families We've spent 6 days at Club Med in Punta Cana. Great beaches, beatiful palm-trees around the pool, lots of variety in food and beverage (all inclusive). We've been in other Club Med (in Brazil) and found Punta Cana's one a little bit smaller and old but the service was perfect. One comment: a standard family definitely needs a wardrove... there's no place to put your clothes. The rest of the facilities, services in the beach and overall was great for families. Snorkeling was fun for small kids, too. You don't need to get a trip far away, fishes are all around the beach close to kids.Airport services and other places outside Club Med was not that good. Everything is really expensive until you start a quick and hard negotiation. You can get the same service or goods at half the price sometimes.A place to go, definitely!

Boutique Hotel in a Quiet Location We'd stayed at this hotel about eight years ago and returned because we liked the location and size. We were pleasantly surprised to find it completely refurbished although the rooms are still quite small. Everything spotless and a friendly staff. A full breakfast is included with is nice. Elevator is still miniscule but adequate. Within a block or two of museums and great upscale shopping. It's out of the tourist loop somewhat which is a real plus if you're not interested in hordes and trinkets.

Best All-Inclusive Trip We've Ever Been On! We decided to visit Excellence Punta Cana after staying at Couples Negril, Sandals Negril and Cancun in the past. We studied up a good bit before making our final decision and spent a lot of time on Trip Advisor. Luckily, we made the right decision as Excellence was the best all-inclusive we have ever visited! ALL the food was incredible, the staff was awesome, and the place is GORGEOUS! All the pictures I've seen just do not do the place justice. We were a little paranoid after reading some of the old reviews when Secrets still owned the place, but Excellence has done an incredible job since they took over in January (I think that's when it was). They're well on their way to achieving their 5-star rating. The place is just top-notch all the way around.The only complaint we have is about the bugs... there are tiny little things that bite you and leave marks for days and ITCH like crazy, so bring some repellent and you'll be good to go! I posted some pics at www.puntacana07.blogspot.com OR www(dot)puntacana07(dot)blogspot(dot)com so check them out. (Of course you'll need to type the dot and not the word itself... I don't think Trip Advisor allows you to link to other sites from the reviews.) If you choose Excellence Punta Cana, you're guaranteed the trip of a lifetime. I didn't want to come home!

Excellent Family Run Hotel View from our room

Really excellent! I stayed at the U232 for 4 nights and we loved everything about it. The only thing we missed were English tv-channels, everything else is excellent. Our room was big and beautyifully furnished, and the staff was always very friendly and helpful. The breakfast is not included in the price but it was worth every penny of the 13 euros. The hotel is about 20 minutes from the Rambla on foot and there are loads of nice bars and restaurants in the area. We are definetely coming back!

Loved the Fita Hotel! We were 4 Aussie couples who were spending the last few days of a five week holiday in Amsterdam. We were delighted with our choice of Hotel Fita. On arrival the owner Hans greeted us with some peach cider and nibbles. A very nice touch. The hotel was in a quiet location,yet handy to trams museums. Our romms were clean, and spacious with a large bathroom , an ironing board iron, tea coffee making facilities , writing desk, and two comfy chairs. Everything a traveller could want. Breakfasts were good, fresh orangeg juice, fruit, cereal, cheeses, toast, and cooked breakfast. Hans was only too happy to give advice on what to do and where to go and our group were very happy with his individual recommendations. Four of us had a late flight home and for an extra fee were were able to secure a room for a late check out. We were given fresh towells, making the prospect of our long haul home to Australia easier.Only imporvementI could suggest: Australians do not like powdered milk in the tea. Fresh is best!

Great New Hotel but maids are thieves Hotel room

fabulous food This is an excellent city centre holiday in a great location just off Union Square. The room was clean, comfortable and well-equipped. The hotel had a nice lobby/lounge with free tea and coffee all day.The staff were excellent - really friendly and helpful. The food was out of this world; the hotel restaurant El Cortes is Michelin-starred but it wasn't expensive and it had a lovely atmosphere. They do a very reasonably priced Continental breakfast buffet. We would definitely stay here again.

perfect After reading some reviews on trip advisor, i was hesitant to book at the bali hyatt but decided to just try it out as it looked better than the other options.i have to say that it was just incredible, me and partner were just in love with the place, it was so beautiful and everything looks just as it was in the photos.we booked a regency club room and were very pleased with it.breakfast:we got breakfast at the regency club and were impressed with the spread of fruit, breads, pastries, cereals, egss, traditional balinese breakfasts, juices and teas.. there was so much variety and the staff were so excellent, nothing was too much for them and they were all so so helpful and friendlywe did try breakfast at the wantilan cafe which we didnt find that different except that it was busy and that you have to toast your own bread and fill your own juice etc etcrooms:we had a regency club room which was nice and not too dissimilar to the the regular rooms except the bathrooms were a lot nicer. air condition worked lovely, rooms were kept very very clean, towels were changed regularly, and there were lots of channels on the tv. in short, it was everything you needed.hotel in general - the pools were fab and clean, we didnt have a problem getting deck chairs. the grounds are just stunning, the gardens are so meticulously kept and just so beautiful.the staff are frindly and helpful.the spa was lovely however, much much more expensive than outside. there was a lovely massage parlour if you come out of the hotel and turn left which was v.v.cheap..food wise we didnt really eat in the hotel much as in the regency club there was food available from 5pm - 7pm which was included in the price and was extremely filling, but we ate outside of the hotel alot as there are so many restaraunts - would recommend gateway of india and massimos (turn right out of the hotel)all in all, we absolutely loved our stay and would definately without a doubt go back, it was like paradise.

One night was not enough Trust me, you will not be disappointed if you stay at this hotel. What can I say about the Best Western Pioneer Square Hotel that hasn't already been said? From the Welcome to Seattle from the girls at reception to the Have a good trip from the Bell Captain, this hotel gets my vote for being the best.At the end of a long tiring day having travelled by plane and boat to reach Seattle, all my cares disappeared as soon as I opened the door to my hotel room. The large room was beautifully decorated with the king size bed taking pride of place. It looked so peaceful and welcoming with the period furniture and matching appointments that I couldn't wait to unpack and relax with a cup of tea. The lighting was excellent with not a 40 watt bulb evident. The towels were plentiful and fluffy and there was loads of room in the bathroom to lay out my toiletries. I thought the framed picture on the wall was a nice homey touch. The room was quiet and there was no noise to disturb a dreamless sleep that night. In fact, I was glad the next morning I had set my alarm the night before.I enjoyed my Continental breakfast the next morning of toast, jam, yoghurt, fruit and coffee. There was also cold cereals, Danish and muffins on offer. I learned that bus transportation is free in the Pioneer Square area and the bus stop is just steps away from the hotel entrance on Yesler. However, since I wanted to explore on foot it was an easy walk to the Uwajimaya shopping complex in Chinatown - a delightful place. Although my room rate was a little more than I normally pay, in retrospect my one night's stay was worth every cent and I fully intend to make a return visit in the future.

An English Perspective We stayed as group of 12 including our 4 year old for our wedding from May 9th to May 23rd. We were booked into the Punta Cana side and myself and my partner were automatically upgraded to Diamond. This didnt mean much. Just that we could use the Diamond pool and eat at other restaurants. We didnt use any but settled for what the rest of the wedding party could use. We were told on booking our wedding that we could have a room upgrade but when we asked about it whilst checking in they said all rooms are the same and that no upgrade was available. Maybe without our daughter they may have put us in the Ambar section for adults only?? There were a couple of snags with what we should have had in our room on arrival as bride and groom and 10 days into the holiday and 5 days after the wedding we got our welcome gifts. I noticed people who had paid for the upgrade had their welcome gifts handed to them immediately. But a few visits to reception and speaking with the wedding co-ordinator we finally got them. Not worth waiting for really. A figurine that broke, small bottle of rum and a t.shirt each. We should have had a basket of fruit on arrival but I couldnt be bothered to ask anymore. I'll narrow things down.....Cleanliness / Service: It is spotless and there are constantly people working whether it be in the grounds themselves, maids doing rooms, and a few times we noticed managers looking over everything to make sure everything was up to scratch. We left a tip everynight as a group after meals,breakfast and tipped at the bar. A dollar isn't mush to us compared to what they earn in a month. One waitress in the main lobby said they earn $200 every 30 days which to us could be a days wages. This lady in particular worked away from her 3 children to make a living and was due to have a weeks holiday to go and see them. You see the same people working at breakfast and again later that day for evening meals. Our maid wasn't the best compared to what other people in our group had. We had 1 towel sculpture when we arrived and had no more until 4 days later when my partner gave her $10 and asked her to do one as a romantic gesture. We stupidly thought we may have them more regularly as we left more tips. But she didnt. It is petty but maybe we had the moody one? The rooms were clean and we always had towels but I thought the it could be a little more updated. It didnt feel like a 5 star hotel when you were in your room. More like a 3 or 4. Food: There seems to be a debate on this subject but each to their own! I am a fussy eater unlike my husband who will willingly try anything. Breakfast was ok. We are cereal eaters of a morning but I knew the milk would be different so we didnt even attempt to have any. I stuck with toast for most of the time and only missed it a couple of days when we felt a bit worse for wear!! The oddest thing was mashed potato at breakfast??! Lunch / Dinner was ok. Big choice of salad etc and the usual chips,burgers,chicken,pizza,pasta. Again I stuck to these type of foods to be on the safe side but the other half tried most of it. It wasn't very hot but to be honest you had to make do or not eat. I would definately recommend the Japanese. We went twice and it was fab. Especially if you are in a group and get your own chef. The Italian is also nice. We had our wedding meal in the terrace attached to the restaurant and we had a ball!! The others weren't very nice. The Garden Grill is vile, bbq the same sort of food just that its outside and by the beach. Mexican we didnt try because we heard that was horrible and the fish restaurant we couldnt reserve. We didnt reserve as soon as we arrived. Our best man booked a few group meals but when we went to book one we still had our 6 for the 2 weeks left. Evening activities - Although we have a child we still like a bit of variety on the evenings. Once the show had finished it meant all trudging round to the square only to watch the same thing each night. Even if it wasn't the same it sounded it. From there if your in a family its basically home time. The karaoke bar was open til 1am but for the size of the hotel its not very big and very rowdy. Especially when the yanks were there. They are so loud! I think they like the sound of their own voice because even by the pool or restaurants they had the volume turned up a few notches. This does not go for all of them so I am not tarnishing them with the same brush!! The disco til 2am was so-so. Music was ok from time to time but for the variety of nationalities they had to cater for everyone. We didnt meet many English but there are a range of foreigners from Argentinians to Canadians. Overall the evenings were the same. Not very exciting and quite repetitive.Pools - We stayed by our pool most of the time which was one of the smaller ones on the Punta Cana side in the middle of the complex. We did venture down to the beach pool but it was too crowded and noisy (again a lot a shouting and voices raised) so we stayed away. The snack bar down there was awful. Alot of flies which I know are unavoidable but still horrible. The food as usual was cold to warm and seeing poeple walk round in thongs in the eating area didnt exactly help our appetite. If you missed breakfast and were hungry you had no choice but to go to the pool snack bar. It was a bit of a hike and not even worth it. We thought it would have been better if they had a few snacks at the other pools. It is a nice hotel but I dont think I would return. Its big but good enough to not see the same people twice. There are lots of other classy hotels along the same beach so I think I would prefer to try them out. Staff are lovely.Its clean and you can make the holiday what you want it to be.

Liked the Ritz I stayed at the Ritz in San Juan for 1 night after a cruise (22 Aug 04). The room (4406) was large and I loved the bathroom. Although I did find a hat in the room when I checked in that did not belong there. The bed was very comfortable and the tub was nice and big. I liked that the toilet was seperate from the tub and sink. The room was comfortable and the staff extremely friendly and helpful. The pool and casino are open 24 hours which is nice. The casino is large (for a hotel) but seemed to be filled with mostly nickel machines. I had a good one night's stay there. Others in the group stayed longer and loved every minute of it. I would stay there again.

Perfecet for us! Came in for a family wedding. Lots of rooms were booked for us at this hotel. It was perfect and easy. Great location and the front desk is very helpful. Will definately stay here again.

Absolutely Fabulous!!!! My hubby and I stayed at the PCP from 6/2-6/9 and we had a wonderful time. I am going to try to organized in this review, but I tend to ramble. Firstly, the trip from PVD was fine to Charlotte, but then we waited 40 minutes on the tarmac due to traffic congestion and then 25 for someone to come and opoen the door to the plane. No biggie, our flight to PC was delayed 90 min. Still on vacation, no worries. We arrived in at 4:30, got our bags and went through customs in about 15 minutes. We were asked if we had food, and then waived through. Hubby agreed to let someone carry the bags 20 feet, because he's a nice guy!! Told Prieto tours were taking a taxi and 25 min. later we were at PCP with a glass of cold punch in our hand. We were given room 5209 with a cathedral ceiling and a larger balcony than the others. Plenty of drawer and closet space. Bathroom was large and I found lighted well, as others have not. The bed was a King with lots of pillows and very soft. The fridge had plenty of beer and soda. The maids cleaned morning and night and restocked everything. We tipped her $2 am and pm. VIP get towels in their room daily. You can go up to the dive shop for more during the day, By the end of the week we had 3 each!!We had a great ocean view!!! Our VIP envelope was waiting for us as was the items in the room. At check in, we made a reservation for that night. One was made before arrival, but we decided against italian and went for Mare Nostrum. After settling in, we went to the beach. Absolutely beautiful. We took a quick nap and then went back and made the rest of our restaurant reservations for the week. No problem.Mare Nostrum - good seafod, right on the beach,Brazilian - our least favorite. It is really buffet with them bringing different meats to your table.Dominican - good, and a fun place. I'll note that in the Brazilian and Dominican, people had on shorts, T's and even bathing suits!!La Cave, nice place, good food, slow. But, again..who cares!!!El Pescador, we paid to go (32pp) and it was probably our favorite. Less formal than Le Cave and really good seafood. Right on the beach and fun staffThe beach party is Monday nights and they have vendors come in. The buffet is in Mare Nostrum and they have tables and entertainment right on the beach.We ate breakfast at the buffet every morning and lunch either there or at the smaller buffet at Mare Nostrum. We did try the Creperie one day. Bad mistake. I know people have raved, but.... The chicken and cheese was orange cheeze wiz and some very dark meat chicken with lots of gristle.. Coouldn't eat it.Drinks were plentiful and we used our bubba keg, but saw NO ONE else with them. The bartenders kinda joked about them. We did tip with each drink order and left $2 at Breakfast and Lunch for our drink server. $ dollars at dinner and $10 at El Pescador, because they were so nice, In all honestly, we saw tipping VERY rarely.We did our excursions with the hotel. $20 for snorkeling. Unfortunately, the water was very choppy and not great. The free one hour boat trip was fun. We had booked the sunset cruise, but 3 days in a row it was cancelled. The boat driver was tired!!! Hubby did parasailing.We spent most night in the lobby or at the beach bar. We did see the Italian's show over at Caribe, but never ventured to any of their other shows.We only got top shelf liquor once in the lobby at PCP, everywhere else they don't have it. At Caribe, they lied and said they gave it to us, but we saw what they poured. Received and saw no one with bottled Presidente. None of this was a big deal to us.We used our free 20 minute massage and purchased additional 55 min. and it was well worth it. The spa is lovely and would recommend it over the mini one at PCP. Caribe and the spa is only a 2-3 minute walk away. It took longer to wait for and take the trams.I did have to see the doctor while there. My eyes were a bit swollen from too much sun. She gave me some shots and meds and checked me for the next 2 mornings before breakfast for additional meds. overall, it was $350 which my private and trip insurance will cover. Well worth it.We did not bother stopping at the beach markets, because they were just too aggressive and the items looked too much like stuff I didn't want. I found nice T-shirts at the resort for a reasonable price and we bought jewelry, a painting and rum from the vendors the night of the beaqch partyl.Overall, our stay was great!!!! The beach was wonderful..loved my floatie. The pool was never crowded. It was hard to find a palapa after 6am, but we managed. The food was good, not excellent, but not why we came.Unfortunatelly, the trip home was not good. The flight out of PC was 4 hours delayed, so we missed our connection in Charlotte. Found a hotel at 1am, got up at 4 to go back to the airport to come home the next day. Luggage was lost, and when it arrived, the rum had broken and the bags were ripped. Kudos for trip insurance, once again.Please feel free to contact me with any questions!!!!

Beware Ritz lovers - don't stay here After staying at the Ritz here in June 07 we wer eager to come back to Puerto Rico so when my husband received info on a conference here we leaped at the opportunity. We debated on staying at the Ritz again vs the El San Juan where the conference was being held. The room rate was around $400 per night more for Ritz concierge level so we made what turned out to be a poor decision based solely on $$$ and booked at the El San Juan (they had a package to receive a 5th night free). A friend said he stayed there in the past and it was fine. If I had followed my usual routine and readTrip Advisor reviews we would have made a different decision and booked at the Ritz - foolish me. We chose a La Vista tower room because they were renovated. While there we visited a non-renovated garden lanai room Access to the pool was great (right out a patio door), however, the rooms are very much in need of updating (dark, dingy, icky tile, etc. - also the room key doesn't work on the patio door so you have to go around to the front to get back in from the pool unless you leave it unlocked). The trip wasn't what I would call a disaster, however, if you are accustomed to the level of service at a Rtiz property, the El San Juan is not for you. We arrived at 2pm and were told our room may not be ready until 4 pm check -in but they would call us soon as it was ready. We rechecked at 3:45 and it still wasn't ready. By 5:00 we noticed others just walking in and receiving rooms right away and we still had not received a call. We again approached and only then were given a room right next to the elevator. It was only about 4 feet away from the elevator door that we passed it by. When we asked for another room they did not even try to hide their displeasure with our request. Throughout our stay we heard this same story over and over about the delays in checking in. We ended up on 4th floor 5 doors down from the elevator. Our beautiful view was the roof of the lobby with all its A/C equipment, etc. When I made reservations they said the only difference in the next room level up was that it was a higher floor. I just closed the drapes and never opened them again. The room itself was clean and an average size. It had been remodeled and had a tile floor which was much better to me than carpeting. However, the bathroom was very small, no tub, only a pedestal sink and a tiny shower that another reviewer aptly noted leaked all over the floor. There was no full length mirror in the room. Our package included 2 complimentary drinks and $25 casino credit. We did not receive the amenities at check-in, however, we requested it on our 2nd day and they complied. The first 2 nights we were awoken after the casino closed at 4 am by boisterous guests out in the hall. We complained via our cell phone because the room phone was dead (I had to unplug it to use the outlet for something else - because the room had no other outlets - and didn't plug it back in.) They would not listen to our concerns because we were not calling from a room. We heard doors slamming and people in the hall all through the 5 nights we were there - not peaceful at all. If you want a restful night you would have to bring earplugs with you. I will briefly list other cons. To get a lounge chair you had to get out there before 7 am. We learned that many come out early as 4 am to lay towels and claim chairs. Supposedly if a chair is unattended for 20 minutes the staff open it up, but we saw this happen only on our 4th day after many people complained. There was patio space for more chairs so I don't know why they had out such a limited number. Also, upon questioning staff we learned they had 4 chairs reserved for investors that were never occupied for 2 days. Bar service for both drinks and lunch was only for very patient guests. They were never busy, never in a hurry, totally apathetic to guest needs. The fitness center was average (thankfully, no extra charge for it). However, to get to it you had to sign in at the spa. One day the attendant did not even look up and greet us. Needless to say, there is no daily newspaper or turndown service, no robes, no slippers, no shower cap. They did have shampoo, conditioner, shower gel and lotion that smelled good. The onsite deli/pizzeria in the adjacent Galleria advertised to open at 11 am didn't open till 11:30 am. The food and service at the Palm Restaurant were superb. Our reservation had been lost and the manager treated us to dessert. The great table promised at the in-house Italian restaurant was actually right on top of a very noisy table and a family (the child behaved better than the adults on the other side). There was also a party of 12 in the room that was very, very loud. The food was excellent, the service below average and the ambiance poor. If you go there request a free standing table in the dining room with a window. The onsite Smoker's Suite supposed to open at 5 pm was still closed at 6 pm on Saturday night. Concierge said it was a concession and there was nothing they could do. Also, taxes and resort fees added almost $100 per day to the daily room rate. Pros - drink prices were very reasonable and very potent. The housekeeping staff did an excellent job. Management walking floor in hotel were friendly. In summary, if you love the way every staff person at the Ritz ends a sentence with my pleasure and you know they mean it - spend the extra and stay there. It is worth every dollar.

Nice place, OUTRAGEOUS prices. I would NOT recommend this hotel for the average middle class traveler or for the elderly. While I am not cheap by any means, this hotel went far beyond my budget. A lot of walking is required and climbing stairs to get to various places in the hotel. There is even a tram to take you to different areas.HOTEL:Upon arrival we paid for an ocean view room with 2 queen beds. (For 4 people). Theygave us a shoe box sized room with a garden view. They offered us an ocean view with one full and an air mattress. That was unacceptable! They finally upgraded us to La Casitas, off the main hotel up on a hill where we had to be driven there, in a golf cart or a mini van if we got lucky, because it is too far from the main hotel (the driver expected a tip every time). Although the room was large and the view was beautiful they only offer 2 full size beds, which was a problem for us since we were four. We were also put on the second floor with a long flight of stairs to climb. There were also multiple long flights of stairs down to the pool, which was a huge problem because I was with my parents who are in their late 60s and my mother has health issues, they were not fit enough for the climbing and long walk. To get to the main hotel we had to call the hotel transportation and wait outside to be picked up which took anywhere from 10-15 minutes, just to get to a restaurant to eat. The second day we demanded the ocean view room we originally paid for, we argued on the phone 3 times and they made us wait 2 hours while they discussed whether they would move us. We threatened to leave and they finally moved us to the ocean view room with 2 queen beds on the first floor in the main hotel. To go down to the marina in order to get to the water park, ferry to Palomino Island (the beach) or the shops and bar grill, we had to take an elevator down, walk across the entire hotel, and then take a tram down. The tram usually had a long wait because so many people needed to get on it. PLEASE NOTE: there is NO BEACH AT THE HOTEL. You need to take the ferry to what they call their private beach, which is their ONLY beach. The at the beach is also extremely overpriced and they give you barely enough food to hold you for an hour.FOOD:I know resorts usually have expensive food, but the prices were just not a little expensive, they were OUTRAGEOUSLY expensive. There is no choice but to eat within the resort and ALL the restaurants are overpriced. There were no reasonable prices or even just a little expensive places to eat.It doesn't make sense to rent a car to try to find food cheaper off the resort because parking at the resort is $15/day. Besides the cost of renting a car, and there really are no decent places to eat outside the resort.Be prepared to spend between $15 - 22 for a hamburger and fries.Breakfast, lunch and dinner averaged over $100/meal for four people.Also be prepared to WAIT 30-40 minutes for your food everywhere. La Caribe gave me and my mother our breakfast after 30 minutes and gave my father his 20 minutes later, with no apologies.The drinks were incredibly watered down. I ordered a few alcoholic drinks that had almost no alcohol in them. The tropical drinks go from $12 - 15 a drink. And don't expect fancy tropical drinks. They are in regular plastic cups or hurricane glasses.The sandwich shop you can get a sandwich from 9pm to 1am at $10 and up. But be prepared to wait on a huge line then wait another 20 minutes for them to make the sandwich, and they expect a gratuity even though it's considered take out.SERVICE:Besides not getting the right room when we arrived, then giving us the run around the next day to get the right room and waiting hours, the first day at La Casitas I needed a hair dryer. There was none in the room. I called the front desk at 8 in the morning; I didn't receive the dryer until 9am. The hotel elevators did not work. There were two and one was broken for the entire week.The plumbing is awful! The water pressure is way too low in the showers and the water is always luke warm.The room at the main hotel had no coffee maker...forcing us to buy the overpriced coffee at Starbucks in the lobby, or go to Daniels Cookies, another coffee shop where they expect a gratuity for making your coffee.On the way home we called for a bell hop to take our luggage out front and were told there was a 30 minute wait. We could not wait because we had to get on the bus to the airport in 20 minutes.There is a small internet room with 4 computers with free internet. 3 were constantly not working and one was always being used.The staff is not very willing to help with anything and half of them were very rude!KIDS/WATER PARKIf you have kids there is a water park that is $20 /person for 3 slides. That's about all that encompasses the water park. Long lines to use the slides. We went here because I have a 15 year old son.If you don't like kids don't come here! It's crawling with small kids running around, screaming and crying constantly.. AND they are up ALL night long!!!There is NO QUIET place in the hotel!NIGHTLIFEThere pretty much is none. There is a small night club with not much going on, and usually empty at night.CASINOForget about getting any complimentary free drinks and sandwiches. There are NO waiters to be seen offering anything. But there is a bar in there to buy drinks. And the machines don't pay out at all!POOLS/ BEACHThe pools are nice but loaded with kids! Get there early! The beaches are beautiful but again, get there early to get an umbrella or you'll have to rent one for the day. Any activities at the beach again, are very expensive.SIGHTSEEINGDon't expect to do any sight seeing after exhausting all your funds for food and activities at this hotel. Just to go to Old San Juan for shopping, its $50 per person.We did no sight seeing.SHOPSI know its to be expected, but I have to mention, yes.. everything in the shops are triple the amount of what you would pay at home.IN CONCLUSIONFor such an expensive place it is NOT WORTH it. Be prepared to spend a fortune on food, wait in long lines for virtually everything, and get aggravated by the less the helpful staff! If you are elderly or handicapped, or even have health issues, don't go here. If you don't like kids, don't come here. If you don't have tons of money to waste, don't come here! You don't get any breaks here.

Second Trip... Would go there again We went for a week in April and were pleased so we did it again in November. Again, we were very happy with our stay. My review is based on going during off season....Its not quite as crowed.......... 1. Resort: Grounds are maintained and beautiful. Everything is in walkable distance ( not a huge resort ) but there is a tram if you're feeling lazy, with at the max of a 10 minute wait.2. Pool: 2 pool's really nice size. Were clean, maintained. 2 swim up bars which you can also access from outside the pool......... I drink champagne which they had. Good selection of liquor....I saw Gran Marnier, Ketel One, Absolute, Captain Morgan.....If you like to be treated like a prince/princess, they did not come around the pool and ask to get your drink, you had to get your own., which is right there where the chairs are...no biggy,,,,,............Many chairs around pool.....no problem getting one 3. Rooms: Very Average, large, clean. Nice size deck/patio Nice bathroom......double sinks, all tile, jacuzzi. I know people complain of low water pressure and cold water, but for the week we were there it was just the opposite.......hot water, lotsa pressure.... (we were there in off season ! ) We saw NO bugs in the room the entire week and we were on the 1st floor, but in the afternoon we did smell bug spray outside the rooms........That's good......they were preventing problems. ABSOLUTELY MUST BRING HIGH WATTAGE LIGHT BULBS. We brought 4, and it made a world of difference. 4. Food: Let me say we are bland eaters. ( Do not like heavy garlic or anything spicy or with unusual flavors ) All I can say is we loved the buffet so if your taste is opposite ours you will hate the food at the buffet. They do have specialty nights and one night was international with garlicky, seasoned foods and we did not like it. We did not go to the restuarants, so no comment. FYI: There are 2 Buffets, one on the beach and one in the development. Food taste is very individual so you'll have to decide for yourself whether you like it or not......5. Shopping: They do have a nice number if huts on the beach for shopping and they do have a dominican shopping mall about 5-10 minutes by cab ( $8.00 one way). Both sell dominican stuff and haggle with the price, don't pay more than 1/2 the asking, or if buying more than 1 maybe even a little less. It was fun to go to the shopping mall, just for the heck of it.......Its basically what they sell on the beach, but more of it in a dominican mall atmosphere.6. Beach: Sorry, but I'm a pool person, didn't stay on the beach, But when I shopped at the huts the beach looked beautiful and calm. The people said it was gorgeous except for 2 days out of the week where the water was a little dirty with sea weed due to high tide 7. Activities: There is a spa for many different treatments. By the pool/beach massages, hair braiding. Also horseback riding, trips to Santo Domingo. Samoa Island, etc, mountain trips, so on and so forth. I don't do anything except site by the pool so I can't comment7. Negatives: They are chinzy with bathroom towels....you have to ask for more ( leaving a few dollars helps).....Same with beach towels ............Chair coverings on the beach don't really keep out the sun.....can't really think of anything elseOverall, I think Punta Cana is a great vacation for your money. I happen to like this resort. I'm sure there are other resorts just as good, maybe better, but I can't recommend any other since this is the only one I've been to. I'm comfortable here so I'll come back again,,,,,,,,,,,,,, ANY QUESTIONS, PLEASE FEEL FREE TO E MAIL ME

Wonderful Resort A + We went Easter week. We are a childless couple in our early 60's who travel alot and like to stay in very clean, comfortable, above average resorts. We are not real demanding or complaining people, but we do like our reasonable requests to be met and I can say they were........ I will list my opinion by categories:: 1. ----- LAYOUT---- The buildings look quaint and are well taken care of.....The greenery is lush and is lanscaped beautifully. The grounds are clean and the landscaping is quite beautifUL......The inner courtyard is just lovely ....The resort is small enough ti walk to everything, although a shuttle was available for those who can't or prefer not to walk.......You can hop one about every 10 minutes at the most..........2.-----POOLS (two)-----Beautiful, clean, can be cool at times, 2 great pool bars with wonderful drinks, some top shelf liquor and very drinkable champagne available..(Yea! my drink ) .Chairs avaiable, although I went out early (around 8 am) and placed towels where I wanted to sit, but there are many, many chairs available.......3.-----FOOD-----Didn't eat at the restaurants so I can't comment, but the buffets were great. ( one within the development, one on the beach) great selection of all kinds of food........flavorful, but not over seasoned ( We are pretty bland eaters so their food selection appealed to us) I think they go middle of the road because when you cook for large crowds you have to appeal to all....Some spicy, garlicky lovers may hate this type of cooking........WE DIDN'T...........4-----ROOMS----- Clean, large , saw 1 bug.,,,husband killed it...didn't see any more ( we were on the first floor as requested maybe thats why we saw a bug...other friends did not..they were on higher floors )...Bathroom clean , warm to hot water all week , no problem, Bed comfort average, Decor was below average, no musty smell.....MUST TAKE LIGHT BULBS LIGHTING VERY DIM ....5.-----ENTERTAINMENT-----Not much to say here...Evening stage entertainment was nice, something to do , but I preferred to sit in the lobby and drink champagne and listen to the music.......Casino is teeny, tiny.....we laughed, but it didn't stop us from playing for a short amount of time (gamblers always think they're going to win no matter what casino they are in !!,,,,There is also bowling and pool tables available.....6.-----BEACH-----Very clean, sometimes with a little seaweed, in the water some days without any, lots of chairs, nice beach for walking, can walk very far passing all the different resorts............-----OVERALL-----A CLEAN, COZY, RELAXING, COMFORTABLE RESORT......WE ENJOYED OUR STAY VERY MUCH AND PLAN ON GOING BACK THIS YEAR........HAVE NO DESIRE TO TRY OTHER RESORTS.....BY THE WAY, IF YOU ARE A PERSON WHO ENJOYS THEIR ALCOHOLIC BEVERAGES, THEY ARE ALWAYS AVAILABLE ANY WHERE YOU GO IN THE RESORT INCLUDING THE POOL HALL AND THE SHOWS, ETC.......ENJOY YOUR TRIP!!!!!!!!!!!

your principal hotel for a great stay Because I booked a last minute with a low cost airline company al the cheaper deals for a hotel were gone. However via hotel.club.net we managed to book a double at the Hotel Principal for 204 euro's including breakfast and I have been pleasantly surprised about the quality of the hotel. For 204 euro's I have been in worse hotels. Some hotel in Paris, the name eludes me,charged 350 for a two days stay.The location of the Hotel is great. Situated just of the Rambla in a nice and quiet street within walking distance of the plaza Catalunya, Gothic Neighborhood and of course la Rambla. The staff were really friendly and had great suggestions about things to do and to see and because we caught a really early flight we were at the check in at the hotel at 9 o clock and they already let us check in, which was great so we could take a shower and do a quick nap.I am not that fussy about the type of room I stay in size wise but it has to be clean and especially the bathroom. The hotelroom was not that big, but it was nice and clean with , laminated floors? I am not that big a fan of carpet on the floors as rooms with carpet do tend to get a bit musty. The bathroom was really spacious and though it did not have bath, had wonderful shower and it was nice and clean. ( People who have lived in student houses probably can appreciate a nice a shower) The only minus point which I can think of is the fact that on the first day we did not have enough towels only two small ones.But he I guess we could have asked for some more.In summary I would definately recommend this hotel for everybody

A very nice holiday Plazza Dominicana Christmas Tree

Good Location to Local Hospitals We stayed one night at the Inn at Longwood due to its close proximately to Brigham and Hospital. The hotel had a very convenient parking garage attached for $18 a night. You need to get your parking ticket validated by the hotel before leaving. The check in process was quick and we got to our room within 5 minutes. Overall the room and bathroom were clean and updated. However, the AC/Heat element-vent was dirty and old, was from the 1970s complete with dust and grime. (This grosses me out at any place) The room was very tight for 2 Queen beds one bed was pushed up against the dirty AC thing. Less then desirable but oh for most older hotels. We had dinner at the restaurant. The menu was diverse and all price ranges. The bartender made some good drinks for us. The waitress was EXTREMELY the food was good. There was a small food court with fast food and coffee shops and CVS. The hotel was quiet for a few hours sleep. The checkout process was quick and we were at the hospital within 10 minutes. recommend this place if you are traveling from out of town or local and have an early morning appointment at one of the hospitals.

NEVER AGAIN TRY ANOTHER HOTEL FIRST. We must have had the same server in the hotel restaurant that the previous reviewer had!! She also had issues with timely serving. When our breakfast order (for 4) was finely taken and farrived, we had to remind her about the cream for our coffee yet again. When it was delivered in a chipped one serving pitcher, we were told to share it); told us to get the jellies from the next vacant table (when asking about jam) and that she had to handle room service next--perhaps making this her excuse for poor service?!! I think management may be short on staff and are putting the wrong people in the wrong jobs due to labor shortages right now? We had a confirmed reservation number for a king bed, but upon check-in, computer said queen, and there was no changing that--sorry! So we paid king rates for a queen bed because the computer said there was a king bed in the room?!! This was really irritating as the hotel had availability and their internet server had a spring special going on, as well as an advertised queen rate. Never called and offered to move us, even upon asking of king availability (due to the fact the computer said we had a king room??) They didn't even come down and check the room to see--very strange!! Employee attitude was poor. At the beginning of our stay, we kept trying to explain ourselves and ask for a manager, we were informed we had been speaking to the manager (one of the desk help)(?!). We were only staying 3 nights, and didn't want to fight with staff the entire trip, so quit even trying as the frustration would ruin the trip. Room service order arrived incorrectly (no croissants that day) so delivered what they wanted, no call to see what else we'd like (we didn't dare wait and see how long it would take to correct the order--so ate it as is). Its a shame, cause the room we had (looking at the pool) was quiet and nicely furnished, great location, but I'd never stay there again.....if you do, get everything in writing prior to your stay, don't rely on the confirmation number.

Perfect! Had booked this hotel for a 10-night stay (got a great deal via HotelConnect) mainly based on the many great reviews here.And it fully lived up to our expectations!Check-in a bit late - but it was a busy time for the hotel, and there's plenty to do just on the doorstep, so that was okay!Great location - plenty to see, and good train/tube connections. Charing Cross only 10 mins by train. Even Portobello - which is in the direct opposite of London - only took less than hour by tube.Staff was friendly and hard-working - yes, many are from other European countries, but all work hard and are very friendly, so I can't see why some reviewers (and even some hotel-guests we overheard) would mention it as if it was a negative!Beds comfy, room spotless, good sanitary appliances as opposed to usual British plumbing! Nice tub. Fluffy towels. Miller-Harris smellies.Breakfast was typical hotel fare, not especially exciting, but fresh, varied and plentiful.Room-service fast and delicious, great selection of food.Ate dinner at Georgetown - highly recommended! There are plenty of places to eat in the area around the hotel (try the baguette-sandwiches from Patisserie Paul in the tube-vaults).

European 4 star I booked my travel through the American Express travel. First mistake!! I was intially booked for the Bernini Hotel. One day beforeI was scheduled to leave, my hotel was swtiched to the Plaza Lucchesi. This is an old restored 18th century hotel. The rooms are adequate, however a superior room is two twin beds pushed together that separate easily during the night. The location is very nice. The roomhad a nice river view. Not a four star, maybe 2 or 3.The staff was helpful. However, one particular English speaking conceirge was extremely rude!! For the most part the staff was very helpful, however one conceirge when asked to assit with transportation directed me to use the pay phone. The breakfast was okay, however the restaurants dinner was terrible!!!! I found a nice restaurant 10 minutes away, DINO's, the food was superb. Florence is very crowed, however it is an exciting and glorious city. The artwork alone makes the entire trip worthwhileas well as all the inconviences. As a side note Vivtor tours provides a very good day trip wine tour and museum tour.I actually checked out the Bernini Hotel, I can not speak for the rooms however the lobby and location are prime. The price of merchandise is high in Italy and the dollar is devalued against the Euro. You can still find bargins if you shop around. Also be sure to see the gardens owned by the Medici family, they are spectacular.Pickpockets abound in the city and many of the tourist are very rude!! They will actually knock you off the sidewalk, or reach over you and bump into you. Be prepared to walk, walk and walk, Enjoy your stay in Florence.....

Great location Room 2002

Awesome Stay! My boyfriend and I (both early 20's) stayed at Constanza Hotel for 6 nights. I have nothing bad to say about it! It was perfect - location, decor, breakfast, service, and cleanliness! I loved this hotel and if I ever come back to Barcelona, I'm only staying there. Don't pass up this place, it's worth every penny!

Can't be bettered. Just returned from the most fabulous hotel experience EVER!We had a suite, consisting of, lounge with TV DVD player, another TV in a swish cabinet in the bedroom.a bathroom , with bath and shower,and a visitors cloakroom, mini bar in room electronic safe, more lights and switches than I could count including a floor level light, and a bay window with , yes, a view of the bay, and the hills and dozens of skyscrapers as well as the Victoria Park with all it's sporting activities. The toileteries were abundant and extensive, as was the breakfast menu. The roof top pool and jacuzzi were elegant and naturally spotless with all round views, although I can quite see that some rooms may have a restricted outlook. Just a couple of nights, but it seemed like Hollywood, in fact probably better from what I've seen of Hollywood!

Pretty good for a 3.5 star hotel!! Beach

Loved it Loved it Loved it! Driveway

One night in Amsterdam We stayed at the Ibis last weekend (27 Oct 07) and had a triple room for EUR161 for two adults and a 7yo. The room was very clean and the beds comfy. The bathroom looked like it was some kind of space capsule - it was all plastic surfaces and looked like it had been added to the room in one piece (sorry it's hard to explain - i wish I'd taken a picture). The hotel is well located and easy walking distance to most of the major sights. The breakfast was included and was OK but nothing special. Nearby parking was outrageously expensive. The first place we came to was Falcon Parking which was EUR 30 for 24 hours and we thought that was a bit steep but then the next place was EUR45 for 24 hours so we went back to the first place which is cloest the Ibis anyway! I think next time we go to Amsterdam we might stay further out of town but near public transport as it would be a bit cheaper.

Best Employee of our Trip After 5 weeks touring Germany, Poland, Austria, Hungary, Czeck Republic, this hotel won our award for Best Employee! Martin at the front desk speaks many languages, and truly anticipates everything you might need to make your vacation effortless! Location is terrific! And being that close to a major train station (Zoogarten) makes life easy for excursions of every kind. We received a large room on the courtyard, with a balcony. It was perfect for sharing a cocktail with friends before the evening events, or OJ the morning after. Our friends' room was also on the courtyard, and while not as large as ours, had a HUGE bathroom! One surmises that each room is different. This may not be in the hot and trendy spot, as another review complains, but it is just of Kurfurstendamm home of the best name fashion designer shopping outside of Paris, and all the accompanying real estate. (IMHO) So it just depends on what trends you're into, I guess. Breakfast is not included in the room and runs about $10Euros. Just so you know who is reviewing, we are a middle-age hetero couple. I travel extensively on a very generous expense account, but have travelled Europe on my own account 5 times for over 4 weeks each trip. This hotel is a bit above average for what I would accept on my own tab. I think it's very well priced for location, accommodation, and the fact that it is in Berlin - not a cheap town to explore. I'd stay here again.

Just Sleep on the Floor! The beds are SO hard I woke up in pain every night. The floor is literally softer than the bed! Problem is the rooms are so small that you cannot find the floor after you put your suitcase on it. And there is ONE vacant electric plug in. It's under the desk in the bedroom, so don't think you're going to use hair appliances or anything in the bathroom where you might actually find them useful...Check in was a mess - computer problems. Hence a mixed-up reservation. Staff is all Shanghai Tang'd and pretty self-impressed with their cool hip. But that's pretty much all they should be impressed with.Friends called to leave me messages, which I never get. Oh, lady, phone will be beeping if message waits. There is absolutely nothing in your room to tell you how to actually retrieve a message should you be fortunate enough to get one. (Dial ** if you're wondering.) They checked and said I had received a message all right. But my phone never beeping. Turns out they have been forwarding my messages to a different room... I'd skip this hotel in a hurry....

Have recommended to all my friends We booked this holiday through [----] and thought at such a reasonable price it all seemed to good to be true, especially when comparing to some other hotels in the area.I have to say once we arrived we were not disapointed, from the airport to the hotel it took a 20 minute inexpensive train ride and then a 10 minute tram ride- i would recommend buying your ticket fromthe tourist information office in Amsterdam as they speak English thoroughly and you end up saving a bit of money.The hotel receptionist were very welcoming and informative and once we entered our room we were thrilled.There was a large and i mean large bed, a lcd tv, the bathroom was amazing and our room overlooked the square.- it was immaculate.Our hotel was central so we ended up walking to all the museums which were about a 10 minute walk away, the choice of food is amazing and i thought great value for money.Luckly we had arrived during a music festival so the streets were buzzing at night with live bands and orchestra's as stages had been set up all around Amsterdam. We went on the bank holiday so i dont know if this takes place every year, but i think its something you need to experience.I went on this holiday with my partner we found it very romantic and the hotel really made the holiday.

Wonderful hotel in a handy location. View from 6th floor landing through atrium windows.

Great location and helpful staff This hotel has a wonderful location on La Ramblas. Really enjoyed our stay here and found the staff to be most helpful. The room was acceptable and clean. Highly recommend to all.

The best time ever!!! Cannot wait to go back in February the salad at the restaurant

Tough to Leave Paradise Garden View Room

Beautiful Grounds And A Wonderful Atmosphere The Beach

Lovely Weekend My husband and I spent four nights at the Fairmont San Francisco last weekend. We had a fabulous weekend and the hotel only added to our wonderful weekend. This hotel has a beautiful lobby that reminds one of grand hotels of years long past. They just don't make them like that any more. Our check in was superb. We are President's Club members and that may add to the perfect service but I hope that everyone experiences the same friendly, helpful welcome we received. Our room was on the 19th floor overlooking the bay. The views from the upper floors overlooking the bay are about as great as you will get in the city. The room was a nice size with a very comfortable bed and nice sitting area and a nice working desk. I too, as someone else mentioned, miss not having tea making facilities in the room. We didn't even think about getting tea sent to the room. My bad.The location of the hotel is just the very best. A tip that we will share is that if you take the cable car down Powell to Market, and you are over 65, you can buy a month pass for city transportation for $10 at the green kiosk right by the cable car turning platform. They also have two and three day passes but the monthly senior pass is the best buy. They didn't even ask for our identification cards. Drats! So for the 4 days we were in San Francisco we could cable car, bus, trolley, or surface rail cars for $20 total for both of us. We used all forms of transport and went far and wide and found the service was excellent. And, the Fairmont is perfectly located to use the public transit services to the fullest. A couple of things did not come up to our expectations and we commented on these on our Satisfaction Form we filled out and left with the front desk on our departure. Our housekeeping services were not top notch. Every morning when we would leave the room there would be dishes sitting outside the rooms on our hallway. When we came back to the hotel in the evenings the same dishes were still in the hall and a full day's worth more dishes had been added. I don't know if the responsibility is housekeeping or food services but we found it objectionable. We pointed this out to the front desk twice and the dishes were picked up shortly thereafter but the next day it was just the same. And, the dirty glasses in our room were not removed nor clean glasses put in the room each day. When we call down to housekeeping and said we did not have clean glasses in the bathroom, a gentleman brought up one glass for us. I didn't bother sending him back for another one so we shared our one clean glass as I had given him the two dirty glasses that were still beside our door. (we tried leaving the dirty glasses in the room and setting them out in the hall - neither plan resulted in clean glasses in the room.) There are no chocolates on the pillows in the evening, nor fresh flowers or fruit in the room when you check in. This is rather standard in first class hotels such as The Four Seasons, or The Peninsula. The prices at the Fairmont are similar to the top hotels but the little extras that the other hotels provide aren't part of the Fairmont experience. Now that being said, let me tell you that we were in San Fran for my birthday and that came out at our check in. We came in that evening after spending the afternoon walking around China Town and found chocolate covered strawberries and a bottle of champagne from the hotel. That we thought was brilliant! First Class, Top Drawer and all that. This is not our first or last stay at this hotel. We would not stay in another hotel in San Francisco because we like many things about the hotel. The location, the quite good breakfast buffet, the wonderful halls lined with historical pictures and just the general feel of the hotel. We would overlook the small deficiencies because we like this hotel very much and would recommend it to anyone going to San Francisco and especially someone going for a first visit to the city.

A Great Location and a Great Stay My husband and I began a four-week tour of Eastern Europe in September by staying for four nights at the Berlin Marriott. It was a wonderful stay. The location of the hotel is superb! You are right at Potsdamer Platz metro station, The Sony Center is just across a small street. There are lots of places to eat within a five minute walk and anyone you want to meet from Berlin knows the location. We did three days of walking tours with Berlin Walks and our wonderful guide was Sarah. We highly recommend this company for the on you own tourists. Our hotel room was on the 8th floor looking our on the Bears exhibit and with good views of the city. Our room was a standard room but it was plenty spacious for us as we were out of the room from early morning to early evening. Everything was clean and there were adequate amenities in the bathroom. The front desk and concierge were friendly and helpful. The cafe served us a wonderful steak salad dinner our first night in Berlin after hours of airplanes and terminals and we had breakfast each morning off the menu rather than the buffet and it was very tasty. Checking in and checking out were without any problems. We were much too tried from walking miles each day to use the gym or pool facilities but they looked quite nice. We would highly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Berlin and we would definitely stay there again when we go to Berlin.

Excellent hotel, minor glitches Just back from our stay (actually, at PUJ airport waiting to leave - there's free wi-fi, enjoy it like I am doing right now), and we're going to break down and analyze the main aspects, point by point:1) Reception/ Front Desk: - Great, friendly staff, will go out of their way to please you (they changed our room on request for example)- Good quality internet on the 2 Reception desktop PCs, Wi-Fi was patchy. In some spots/rooms you had a good quality of service, others you couldn't get it to operate at all.2) Rooms - Nice and large, with the built-in round bathtub. - We had an electrical problem and they fixed it as quick as they could, all we had to do is call the helpful front desk.- They're currently expanding the Royal part of the resort by building two extra villas. But whether you're in the beach or in your room, you won't hear it.3) Food / RestaurantsAll restaurants had their ups and downs.- The main restaurant of the Royal part of the resort (Thalassa) is great, and so is most of their staff. One glitch is the waiting time: since all waiters tend to all customers, sometimes orders will get lost in the shuffle or take more time than necessary. But on other days service was quick and efficient. But who cares, we're on holiday! Juan, Angelica, Angel Leonel, Rafael and Maria the concierge, for example, are a joy to be served by.- Breakfast consists of a buffet with some a la carte options. - Lunch a la carte is available to all Royal guests. One part of the menu changes daily while the other part remains constant every day.- Dinner only by booking. The menu differs from the lunch menus, and remained constant throughout our stay. - Food is overall great in quality, and they're willing to tweak the meals a little to your best liking. As for desserts, avoid the tiramisu, chocolate mousse... those are not their specialties, believe me. For something sweet, try the creperie La Bretonne on the regular side of the Catalonia.Thematics: - La Toscana: Great pasta, shoddy desserts. - Steakhouse: Good quality meat (not great).- Mikado: The chef does his little hot plate showdown on a table/room for 12 people. The overall quality of the food is good. The only restaurant without the AC system working and it was in dire need of one! For dessert, try the fried ice-cream.- Mexican: Spicy. My bowels felt it the day after, but the food is nice.- Grand Caribe buffet: lots of choice and lots of room (tables on one side, food on the other). The quality is what you'd expect from a large hotel buffet. - Beach buffet: Smaller and noisier. Tip: go early! Food selection is smaller than in Grand Caribe, but the quality is the same.- Pizza parlour: Let me tell you, I've worked in Italy for 3 months and tasted a great deal of pizza while there. The pizzas they make at Catalonia reminded me of some of the best I had in Firenze. Warning: they disappear from the serving trays FAST! Get it while you can.4) The Beach- Occasionally some coconut leaves on the water surface, some small boulders, but otherwise nice and clear water. Very warm, specially in the afternoon.- Beach chairs very nice, and lots of shade (even outside a palapa - the coconut trees do a magnificent job at that)- Drinks from the bar were all very nice and not watered down. Even without having to tip the bartender. Just smile.You can count on a LOT of Spanish tourists in the Summer months.The main hotel is just next door, and we can confirm that it has a definite family/regular feel.We highly recommend the Royal and we'd definitely be back!!

3rd time and still great Spent Christmas at the Melia Caribe Tropical and found the Hotel gets better each time. I don't know why anyone can complain about this Hotel, the staff were absolutely wonderful, extremely friendly and with emailing the Hotel before hand got the exact room I requested. The checkin was painless we drunk champayne while we were given our keys etc and then taken to our room by golf cart. We did not go Royal Service as we have always found everything to be first rate anyway. The room was the nearest to the beach, infact the view from our terrace was the beach. The room was spotlessly clean with clean towels everyday. Booking the many restaurants each day was no problem, we booked them from our room around 5pm each day. My favourite ones were the American Grill and the Mexican. Did not think the Japanese was that good and the French ones did not like at all. Overall I found the food very good and could always find something I liked. Why do people think this Hotel is too big?. When I go on vacation to Europe I do not go to one bar each night or one restaurant, I have a walk round and visit several. All I can think is these people do not like to walk.and prefer to stay in one place for the duration of their vacation.Having spent 15 or more vacations in Dom Rep I can certainly recommend this Hotel. I think its one of the best.

Fabulous Holiday Stayed at Melia Caribe in April/May and had a wonderful time. This Hotel is as near perfect as you can get. After staying in DR 10 times I would rate this the best and Casa Marina Reef the worst.CHECK IN10 mins to check in but 1 hour to receive baggage in our room. Did not bribe anyone(as someone mentioned) but was allocated the best room location. This was nearest to the beach with an ocean view on the Caribe side. The Royal Service Clents had to wait by the bus stop for transport to their rooms when we had only to walk a few yards.BEACHThe beach is beautiful. Some people stated that the seaweed was not cleared away. If you get up early you can see bags full of seaweed being removed every day. Unfortunately the seaweed came back within a short space of time.POOLPools are the biggest I have ever seen. The Caribe pool was more for relaxing. We timed how long it took to walk round it, 7 mins. Tropical pool was more for the children with games etc.FOODThe buffet restaurants for Breakfast and lunch are very good, what you would expect on all inclusive. The speciality restaurants are excellent if you like fairly rich food. My favourites were the American Grill and Los Dos which is the one outside next to the Avenue Bar. For smokers this is the only restaurant which you are allowed to smoke in(quite right too).BARSA must is the Avenue Bar on Wednesdays and Fridays. These are party nights. Had a great time even though had a bad headache the next day. The Bar staff here are the best. Did not need to order drinks they just appeared before I had finished the last one. Try the Chocolate martini - lovely.RoomsThe room I had was very comfortable. Coffee maker, Iron and Ironing board, Scales, hairdryer and fridge with drinks.The maid came in every day and left it immaculate.GOLFThis is definately the Hotel to stay in for free golf. You only had to pay for the buggy. It was very well organised for transport and tee times. The course was excellent but not easy.Overall I can understand people finding the Hotel too large but as we were very lucky and got a room near to pool and beach we only had to walk at night for the restauants and bars. This takes approx 10-15 mins. I didn't bother with the train even when it rained which was often in the first week. As for people saying don't wear high heel shoes, I did and found it easy to walk, no problem at all. The only criticism I would make is that there is not a beach bar so its a long walk for a drink. This did not affect us as it was so near to our room we got our drinks from there and used the insulated mugs.If I can organise another holiday this year I would certainly go again.

Took my breath away I just want to start off by saying that if anyone has anything bad to say about this resort, then they have literally gone cuckoo for cocoa puffs!My husband and I went to the Grand Bahia Principe from March 31, 2008 to April 7, 2008. We went to celebrate our 10th wedding anniversary and to top it off we met my parents down there. They were celebrating their 32nd wedding anniversary. They were there from March 29th to April 12, 2008. I realize been a long time since our vacation but so many things have happened and I find it within myself to write this review until now...We got in at the resort at about 9:45pm on the 31st and there waiting for us was mom to resort from airport bad at about 40mins. Held my breath a few times as the roads are quite narrow and traffic was little congested at times. Upon arriving at the resort we were greeted with a nice hot wash cloth and a cold in was a came threw with our request, ocean view 3 floor corner 63 room bell boys carried our luggage to our room no problem. The room was beyond had a king size 4 poster bed, flat screen TV, a dinning table and a pull out of that for 2 people!, unbelievable. The bathroom was done in marble and the Jacuzzi was care package was left on our bed which consisted of a bottle of rum and 2 hotel we got in late and missed supper we did order room was long but that bother us, we were finally on ate at 5 of the Brazil, French, Gourmet, were beyond to say my favorite was the the chef cook in front of us was pretty grounds throughout the resort are staff take pride in their jobs and are always trimming, sweeping, and picking up the tiniest of leaves on the is always greeting you with a warm happy smile.The pool at the is have to say the best part of the pool is the swim up was always nice to go and have a dip in the cool water then head over to the bar for another waiters and waitress were coming around at least once every 45 mins to see if you wanted or better yet needed another as for the beach you could walk sand was white and the resort to the market which is about a 45 min walk to your right if you were looking at the ocean was really of things going our walk we saw a body building competition going those of you that are a little reserved, be goes on the beach!!As far as the disco, get to see can honestly say that we were in bed sleeping by what happens when your up at 6:00am and drink all did 2 Parasailing was good not as intense as I thought it would be. 2. Banana boat ride was a thrill in hardest part of that was trying to get back on the banana after been thrown def. do it again hands down!For those of you curious about hair braiding I did get it the beach 20 feet from the can also get it done down at the hair was shoulder length and I got extensions put in it so that made my hair go to my lower back and it cost me sure you barter with them!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! They did want always hear about not being able to find a lounge chair, well take it from me you can! Just sleep in till 10:00am and you have a you can sleep all you want back at home, but you may only see paradise one week out of the year, if lucky!Would I go back? Definitely! But not this many lost my dad the day after he and my mom got home, so this march taking my mom to and go with an open mind, trust me you be

Loved Dreams My husband and I and our daughter and family were at Dreams in March. We absolutely loved it. Check in was efficient and the desk people very accomodating and friendly. Our room was spotless, we had more towels than we could use, every evening the maid would check to see if we needed more. The food was good, not terrific, but good, and the French restaurant was excellent. We found the resort very clean, the bathrooms by the beach were always very clean and that is hard to maintain. The staff were extremely friendly. They had the best aquasize classes i have ever had at a resort. The pool was wonderful, the best feature of the resort. I would say that the only thing at the resort which was not as good as the Bavarro side was the ocean, it was quite rough, and there was a lot of coral in the sand, Actually, they had to close the beach down at the end of our time there. I would highly recommend this resort for families with children, and older travellers, actually anyone

Headquarters Hotel for New Orleans Rebirth The New Orleans Marriott provided us with a safe, comfortable, and friendly home base for a recent convention. The hotel has recovered from the economic setbacks of Katrina nicely, with very high service levels, lovely common areas and nice guest rooms with luxurious beds. The location is central to all French Quarter activities and within walking distance of Bourbon Street and all major restaurants, as well as the wickedly indulgent Royal Street where I dropped a mortgage payment on the most fantastic hat I've ever seen at Le Fleur de Paris.Food and beverage was well-executed and service was snappy, and the staff were gracious and friendly.Book a stay at this nice hotel in this magnificent city and help New Orleans rebuild its economy. The city is open for business and the French Quarter is fresh as a daisy.P.S. One of our friends, who had been to New Orleans in the past, said that since the Hurricane, Bourbon street smells better!P.P.S. We experienced no challenges with the hotel elevators that some previous reviews mentioned - all worked really efficiently and fast!

Impeccable Service Despite High Volume This huge, theatre district hotel is a buzzing hub of transient activity, and it's amazing that it is so well maintainted with such great service given the volume of guests it moves in and out every day.Every staff contact was highly competent, professional, and friendly. You felt that you were in the hands of a hospitality consultant for New York at every turn. Even our special room service requests were correct.Our room was well soundproofed with extraordinary beds and the usual Marriott big workspace which I believe is superior to other brands. We had a handicapped room, which was a surprise but actually turned out to work pretty well.If you can bear the celestial midtown pricing, this hotel is a rock-solid winner in a great location.

Quiet, competent, quality Stayed at the Intercontinental for a conference, on the Concierge floor. All as expected in the clean, comfortable room. Pillow-top mattress and plenty of pillows as expected in a hotel of this quality. Room was clean, housekeeping came promptly every day. The housekeeping staff did one thing that is a pet peeve of mine - they changed the radio station from the public radio station I'd selected (which is hard to find on the dial) back to the classical music station they use for turndown service. This is so vexing, but obviously they've been trained to do it. Nice bath amenities. Shower curtain rod curved out - yay!Fresh orchid in the bathroom.Plenty of service staff in all public areas, restaurant, bar - food and beverage very solid. I ordered room service breakfast and asked for a couple of special things (eg: 2 egg omlette instead of 3, skim milk, salsa on the side) which usually most hotels mess up in some way, but it came within 20 minutes exactly as ordered. The cost was extremely reasonable for room service in a hotel of this quality. Also, many, many great restaurants within walking distance plus the Dallas Galleria shopping mall across the street.Business center was outsourced but the costs were not outrageous as they are in some hotels - $2.99 access fee and 60 cents a minute (it's much worse other places).Service was uniformly cheerful and efficient.

Brand new decor but an energy hog This hotel has a brand-new, sleek and styllish lobby and remodeled guest rooms with flat screen HD TV's, but with the brand new remodel, its too bad operations didn't change out all of those energy pig incandescent guest room light bulbs with planet-friendly compact flourescents. (I stayed at a competing brand's high-end property the next night and the CFL's in the guest room looked great).Decor is elegant if a tad overbearing (kind of like Carmella Soprano's bedroom). Both guest room and bathroom had weird and awkward angles. Bottle of Evian was . . . six bucks. Why do hotels nickle and dime their guests in such a shameless way? Flat screen TV, nice bed with nice pillows.When can we have in-room recycling? And the hotel has a towel re-use program with the fatal flaw I'm seeing in many guest rooms: not enough towel bars to hang up your towel and have it be dry!Front desk failed to deliver my messages to me.

All renewable power and excellent service, too We stayed at the Hyatt Regency Dallas for nearly a week as part of a conference. The property is HUGE and well-maintained and renovated.Positives:-great coffee shop in lobby area so you're never without that latte-many dining options, including a very pleasant open restaurant that's great for breakfast or lunch (although the service was so attentive it was sometimes difficult to finish a sentence)-the big observation tower bar is a great place to get together with spectacular views-the bellman (I think his name was Steve) has been there for 24 years and loved the place and knew everything-nicely decorated rooms-you can request a mini fridge - empty-room service and housekeeping service was lickety-split-HVAC system maintained indoor comfort - which is more than I can say for most hotel rooms that are either too hot or too cold!-the hotel purchases ALL of its energy from renewable sources. Yay!Negatives:-closet was miniscule, which was a struggle for two women with a full set of conference, shopping and casual wardrobe for a week-the bathroom was designed, which always leads to something that looks great but is non-functional - in this case it was hooks for the towels instead of racks so that they could completely dry. Sigh. I would be delighted if the trend to use hip designers to do things would go away and we could get hotels back to focusing on function.-Like many large Hyatt Regencies, the room was a little on the small side - you can only really watch TV from bed, and the work space is only one table (Mariott does a much better job with work space), but these were minor issues and overall things worked pretty well.

Many amenities but some business and design challenges This review is written from the perspective of a business traveler on a stay of several nights, attending a meeting in the hotel.The five star rating makes sense from the perspective of hotel amenities - high end bathroom, excellent bed, full service, flat screen TV, etc.From an international business perspective, the five stars make a little less sense. The hotel was full of people from all over Europe, the U.S. and the Persian Gulf, but very few staff had enough English to interpret any but the most basic requests. When on vacation, it's my job to know the host hotel's first language. When traveling on business in a luxury business hotel, it's their job to have enough English to accomodate international travelers.This was particularly frustrating when speaking to the hotel operator on the phone - e.g. I asked for an electrical adaptor and the response was what time do you want the wake up call? The concierge and front desk staff had very good English, so there was always a recourse - but it often involved going down to the desk. (The adaptor episode led to a very drawn out adventure where I was certain the housekeeping staffer would start a fire - in her zeal to be helpful, she was attaching several appliances with incompatible voltages together, and I had to use body language and some high school theater background to register my increasing alarm).The staff was universally friendly and eager to please; sincere intention to take care of guests was ever-present. Wireless did not work in my guest room but worked very well in the lobby. Wired internet access in the guest room is 20 Euros - that's 30 bucks for you Americans, and reinforces my irritation that higher-end hotels love nickle and diming us to death.From a design perspective, I give the hotel mixed reviews. Strengths included an easy to navigate hotel footprint, attractive modern design, the incredible mattress - I had no back pain for the entire stay, and others in my group had similar feedback; linens and pillows were abundant and very high quality. Plenty of work and sitting space, tons of closet space.Weaknesses - will someone shoot these designers for me, please? I think half the people who design hotel rooms never actually sleep in one. The odd sweeping diagonal of the entrance to the sleeping room meant that you must have the door to your sleeping area closed in order to fetch your clothes - this caused endless awkward reaches for things in the closet.But the most senseless was the bathroom. Beautiful granite finishes - but the counter space was minimal and piled with signs and amenities - with no shelf space underneath for the guest's actual belongings. This is one of my pet peeves. Where am I supposed to put my medications, hair stuff, lotions, potions? This is all more important to me than whatever soap or shampoo the hotel thinks I need.The shower design was actually dangerous - the tiny shower booth had a flimsy, aluminum-framed glass door which cracked when I pulled it shut. Despite two requests, nobody fixed it - and it could have shattered into the shower stall. But since the shower itself was so small you couldn't extend an arm in any direction, and since the only shelf space for toiltetries was 2 inches by 2 inches, I opted for the luxurious tub with shower attachment instead.The entrance to the toilet (also flimsy frame with glass) was less than 24 inches wide, so you had to be very careful entering it lest you incur a bruise or break the door - and there was also a bidet in there . . . taking up useful space. Re: temperature. The bellman helpfully told me that guests can only adjust the temperature 2 degrees on their own; any other adjustments must be managed by front desk, and the heat was blasting all over the building, even though it was quite temperate. (Our meeting room was exhaustingly overheated most of the time). Four phone calls and I was able to get the heat off in the sleeping room and get it cool enough to sleep in.The hotel has a very nice relaxed restaurant with a fine buffet breakfast that caters to many cultures. It did take a heroic act of intervention to get a cup of coffee and banana to carry away one morning when I was in a hurry. As a business hotel, it's important that guests can accomodate their meeting schedules with the ability to vittle themselves on their own. There is also no sundry shop on site, so tough luck if you forgot any key items.I didn't find the transportation a barrier - a 25 minute cab ride or metro ride downtown got me wherever I needed to go.A couple of other things I appreciated - an oversized hotel safe, big enough for computer, jewelery, money, shoes, a small pet . . . and a remarkably helpful concierge who gave me special advice about maintenance on the metro that saved my one day off to sightsee. All of the staff were quite wonderful.

Very nice Fairmont This is a lovely property, with high-end amenities and spacious guest rooms. Comfortable beds with quality linens, flat-screen TV, plenty of countertop space in the bathroom, and in-room recycling. A couple of features I thought particularly great for a business traveler: the very large desk is big enough to serve as a dining table and includes chairs on the opposite side of the desk to support dining or impromptu meetings. A thoughtful touch was that all of the hotel's information is on a tray at the foot of the bed rather than piled all over the desk - it is a nice change from having to re-arrange the whole work space in order to get something done.It was great to see in-room recycling in concert with Fairmont's eco-friendly practices, but it was disappointing to see incandescent light bulbs installed in all of the fixtures. However, I left a note for the Operations Manager asking about installing compact flourescents, and he sent me an email stating they'd have the lighting changeout completed by the end of December, 2007.Overall a comfortable and productive stay in a luxurious property.

Efficient, priced to compete, stylish rooms We chose the Millenium Hilton for our weekend in NYC because our rate, which included two breakfasts AND one night of champagne, was about $150 cheaper than the celestial rates of Times Square / Midtown properties WITHOUT breakfast.We were worried that being so far downtown would make transportation difficult, but with a subway station across the street, we had no problem most of the time; Saturday night cabs were scarce and the hotel only had one doorman on, so we left the long taxi line and hoofed up one block to catch our own - no big deal.We appreciated other TripAdvisor guest photos of the site, as it is across the street from the WTC site - the hotel itself was damaged in the 9/11 attacks and was closed for 18 months. (Now beautifully restored - no issues). The bellman told us a harrowing story of the day of the attack and his subsequent 9 hour walk home to the Bronx. This location, then, becomes a positive - the staff are happy to see you and grateful for your business, and you can walk a few steps out the door to see the moving WTC display or explore St. Paul's chapel, the 18thC church which miraculously survived the collapse of the towers.The room was better appointed than most brands, with a huge, flat-screen TV and glass and wood furniture. Room a little on the small side for two women who spent three days shopping, but then again, what hotel room would have held all the bags? OUTSTANDING bed.Our room overlooked WTC site, and the other side of the hotel overlooks the Brooklyn Bridge. Overall a very pleasant experience.

Saved me when I was stranded On a night when over 200 flights out of Dallas were cancelled and the highways were fender-deep in water, I stayed at this Marriott because it was the closest place to the airport that had room as the hotels filled up. A couple of features set this hotel above its competition as a business hotel. First, the mattress is the best I've slept on - better than a Heavenly Bed, better than a Ritz. And not just because it beat sleeping on the floor of the airport like 3,000 of my fellow travelers!Second, the hotel actually acknowledges that you need to do work and so has a great electronics console as a sort of backsplash to the desk - lots of outlets, phone lines, and other plug-ins for all your gizmos so that you don't have to move appliances or crawl around on the floor. Finally, instead of a $5.00 cheapo clock alarm or one of those new weird pre-programmed radios (I hate those things), this clock radio had an iPod docking station attached to it. The room also had a flat-screen TV and wonderful uni-sex orange-scented amenities. And the nice man at the desk gave me a free toothbrush so I wouldn't have socks on my teeth the next morning when I got up to schlep back to the airport. And a free bottle of water, not one that cost $6.00 like the hotel I stayed in the night before.Also - compact flourescents in the guest rooms! Thanks for saving energy, and for keeping the bathroom light fixtures from melting a gal's makeup (even if it was day-old makeup). I only wish you would have had recycling in the guest room!

Good Location, Huge Room Our room was huge and had two double beds. The biggest bonus was a full kitchen. We hadn't expected that and weren't able to truly take advantage of having a kitchen, but will keep it in mind for future trips. The pools at this hotel are small, but you are within a very short walk of a nice beach, so no problem. Our view was of the road and the mountains, but the outlook was quite pleasant considering it wasn't the ocean. We enjoyed our stay. The hotel staff were wonderful--helpful with suggestions of how to get around and what to see. We used their parking for $20 a day and figured it was a bargain. Honolulu is a fun place and we had a great time. We will return to the Illikai next time we go to Oahu.

Great Stay, Will Go Again! My boyfriend and I decided to go to nyc during the busiest time of the year, for new years and wanted to be in the middle of everything...so time square was perfect and so was hotel 41! staff was super friendly, and the room was not perfect but good enough. i read reviews beforehand of how small the rooms were, and trust me they are not lying...however for 2 people it is fine, and you are so busy sightseeing that trsut me your room is good enough to sleep in. whatever hotel 41 lacks in square footage they make up in location. you are located in the heart of it all, and next to 3 subway stations. however dont expect a view, because you have a huge building right in front of you, even though pick it! you will enjoy it!

Loved the Helmsley Have just returned from trip to Toronto,New York and Niagara. The New York Helmsley was by far the best of the three. The staff were very efficient from the moment we arrived after an exhausting journey by Amtrac from Toronto(not recommended). We were given a choice of room and were not disappointed. Good quality toiletries and bathrobes provided in the room.The meals in the stylish restaurant were good quality and the fixed price of $40 dollars for three courses seemed like good value in very pleasant surroundings with first class service.I can't understand why this hotel is only rated as three stars. I think it deserves four especially since the hotel we stayed at in Niagara was rated four and didn't come anywhere near the quality of service and surroundings of the Helmsley.I have only one negative comment to make and that is - we were very late in arriving and were told we were too late to have a meal or even room service. In Harry's bar we asked if it was possible to get even a sandwich and were told it was not. However we would love to stay there again.

Really disappointed Stayed recently in this hotel and thankfully for only one night. Staff very obliging , location very central, quiet and refined and on the whole the hotel could be described as clean but our room was ludicrously small. We were in room 35 - top floor facing the front - and I am not exaggerating when I say the room housed a double bed and that was all. If we wanted to open the suitcase we had to put it on the bed and there was no room to put anything anywhere. The bathroom was also tiny - so cramped and box like - a small shower cubicle and a tiny sink and toilet. Maybe we drew the short straw because I saw other rooms that were being cleaned and they were much bigger. I would have not expected to pay the price I did for this room. I would also have expected a reduction for being given this room which needless to say we were not awarded. I heard the hotel manager asking another guest at breakfast if they wanted to change their room to something bigger as they were staying a few nights - maybe this is their policy - shove guests into the small room if they are not spending lots of time or money there. Disappointed. Be careful.

Very impressed Just returned from a long weekend in New York. Have previously visited new York and been disappointed with the shabbiness and smallness of hotel rooms but was very impressed with the Marriott Marquis.Large clean and comfortable rooms, excellent location - central and safe.Loved the elevators - very state of the art and fast!Also loved the cocktails!

Mixed but mostly good Just stayed 3 nights at the Red Lion Seattle. Plus points are location - very central location, excellent for shopping, safe area to walk around if a lady out and about shopping alone. Breakfast nice, clean, good complimentary wireless Internet access in room. Negative points, reception staff need some customer service training, at this price you expect a higher standard of customer care (got the impression they were happy to do what you wanted but didn't really go out of their way to be friendly, attentive etc) and also for the price, I would expect a better choice of TV channels in the room. Would go again if staying in Seattle but only if on business as couldn't justify paying the price out my own pocket. Paid $256 per night + tax - Internet special rate apparently...

Special place! Comfortable, hip and friendly Typical Amsterdam house fronts as viewed from the breakfast table

Excellent, value for money hotel Stayed here for three nights at beginning of January 2006. Chose hotel on back of tripadvisor reviews and we were not disappointed in any way. Location was superb - easy to walk to all the main sights. Cleanliness very high,service excellent. Breakfast (14 euros plus tax) had a very wide choice and good service, with the girl in charge remembering our preferences for coffee after day one! Had requested a non smoking, quiet room and had a standard room on 5th floor facing inner courtyard. Amazingly quiet for a city centre hotel. One point of information - no slippers or bathrobes supplied - but this is not a criticism - just so that other future guests are aware of the fact! Well recommend exploration of the Raval area around the hotel - some very interesting shops and restaurants. Mama Cafe in c/Doctor Dou 10 - fantastic food and wine and atmosphere at amazingly good prices - also ES restaurant one door up from Mama Cafe - more expensive but still great decor and food.

Very good but a few quibbles! Room 101 - junior suite

Loved Affinia 50!! Staff was extremely kind, courteous, helpful and genuine. All of them gave great tips on things to do and places to go. The trip was incredible thanks to them. The manager also personally welcomed us upon our arrival. They pay so much attention to detail and there were so many little perks for guests. Loved how they had a pillow menu with so many choices of pillows. Rooms are extremely clean. The hotel is also in a great location. Would definitely stay there again without any hesitation! Also would definitely recommend to all friends and family.

Breathtaking views over the city Great hotel with fantastic views over the harbour and the city. I was there on business, and although the company was paying, I would definitely stay there if I was returning for a personal holiday. Walking distance to the river and metro, plus a large shopping centre.

Charming, central hotel The most comfortable bed we had in our six week trip. An unbelivable location right outside the Chinatown gates and near Union Square and the cable car line. We wish we could have stayed for longer than our 2 night stay.

Unfriendly Staff Downtown location, fairly moderate price. However, the staff was most unfriendly, barely courteous. It should be pointed out that English was a second language for the majority of the staff. The attached pub served mediocre food check your bill!Mrs. W. BrackenPenn Valley, CA

Loved the Acro We have just spent a weekend at the Acro Hotel in Amsterdam. The hotel was clean, the staff friendly and helpful, and the breakfasts plentiful and fresh. This hotel is really well situated, being very near to a tram stop, and within walking distance of good places to eat and shop. It's in a quiet leafy street, and although the beds are small, the room was fine for a short stay, and the bathroom has a powerful shower, with plenty of hot water.

In the heart of the French Quarter Incredible location. Just north half a block of Bourbon street, so close enough to the action, but not so close you hear the partying into the night. Besides most people head south of Bourbon street so unless people are lost, the north side of Bourbon street is pretty calm. Front desk staff varied from being incredibly helpful, giving us great restaurant recommendations to seeming put out with simple requests.The hallways and rooms could afford to be updated. Fortunately, the bathrooms are brand new. Continental breakfast (so-so) is included while their restaurant in under reconstruction.

views are terrific The Millenium Plaza ,One United Nations, is an excellent hotel for views.Just got back and stayed on the fortieth floor !! Hotel is spotless, rooms are big, and whilst it is a bit further out this means the hotel is very quiet.

BEST PLACE In BEIJING We arrived in Beijing on Jul 1, 2007 and stayed for one night. I only wished I could stay longer. The hotel was fantastic, the breakfast was delicious and the service was wonderful. I will definitely stay there again. Good location, too.

Courtyard: a Marriott resort by any other name We stayed at the hotel for 5 nights in April while we explored Puerto Rico. If this Courtyard was located anywhere other than near the San Juan airport, it would be rated a 4-star Marriott. The hotel is very nice and has the amenties and small touches you would expect from a more expensive beach resort: quality linens; comfortable beach chairs; cozy hammocks for 2, shaded by nearby palm trees; several on-site restaurants; its own (very clean) beach; large swimming pool with a swim-up bar, and more. Our room was large and clean, and our outdoor patio faced a lovely stretch of beach. For us, it was well worth the tradeoff of the flights, which in truth didn't even bother us. We would definitely recommend this hotel. Request a room facing west, on an upper floor, when you make a reservation.

A roof with a view! We stayed here for four nights at the end of September. The hotel is very easy to find from either the bus or railway station. We had room 220 although the higher ones may have a view, you do pay for it we were not really bothered by street noise. The public areas are georgous with high ceilings, frescos, the whole works. Make sure you find the roof terrace on the sixth floor, as the others say, the views are to die for. Our room was decorated very nicely, with watered silk on three walls, a fresco painted on the bare wall above the bed. Speaking of which the bed must have been eight feet wide at least. The furniture was a little battered, but i got the impression this may have been deliberate, to add to the whole impression of faded elegance. The bathroom was quite large with a shower over a bath tub a huge mirror over the basin. You are provided with bath robes every night a mat slippers are laid out by your bed. We stayed on a room only basis so i can not comment on the breakfast, but it was offered to us at the cost of 22 euros each per day, needless to say we did not accept went to the local bars where i would say we paid about 10 euros each day. Make sure you visit the covered market just round the corner from St. Lorenzo, food heaven!

unfortunately the reviews are right on Not updated. Not renovated. Not particularly clean. Staff not particularly friendly. Nothing to say except stay away. If you already booked try booking another hotel. Even losing the money you already paid (if you can't cancel) is worth it if you can avoid this place. That's what we did, we had reservations here and then wound up staying at the Radisson. Not even worth the drama.

Fantastic Location, can't beat it! I recently stayed at the Sofitel for 5 nights. Like others, I don't want to repeat the many great reviews already below, but would like to recommend the hotel.The hotel is in an excellent location, near the Theatre district. Within walking distance of fabulous shopping and many tourist attractions. Time Square is only a 2 minute walk away.The hotel itself is lovely, beautiful rooms, very friendly stuff (particlarly the concierge), who helped us booked a helicopter flight over New York, and had many great restaurant recommendations!The food is great, both the room service and the restaurant. Great if you've had a really long day and just can't be bothered eating out!Definetly recommend joining the Sofitel Privillege Club when you arrive, as this entitles you to a complimentary cocktail during your stay, and a 4pm checkout. Very handy indeed when flying home in the early evening.

Fabulous Location, Chic Hotel! Hotel Granados 83 is in an excellent location, about a 10 minute walk from Las Ramblas.The hotel is very chic. The rooms also have fabulous electronic blinds that convert the room into total darkness (great for afternoon siesta). Some nice touches, such a bottle of water and chocolates left in our room on the first night. Also every evening around 6pm, 2 bottles of red iced tea were delivered to the room.Upon returning in the early evening, our bed had always been remade, and a quick refresh of the room had been done.Several nice bars in the hotel. Try the Bar on Level A, where you can sip your drinks next to the pool.Staff very helpful, with regard to booking taxis, making phone calls to restaurants etc.There are numerous cafes and restaurants only metres from the hotel.Would definetly stay here again.For a great seafood lunch in the sun at the beach, try Can Majo.

Beautiful Resort........food not so good My husband and I stayed at the Ocean Blue from May 3rd - May 10th 2007. We are in our early 30's and wanted to go away to someplace warm so we could lay on the beach and just relax. The All-Inclusive part of the vacation was what convinced us to go to the Dominican Replublic over another caribbean island.The resort was gorgeous!! The beach was the best part.....loved it. The pools were huge, just not sure if they were being filtered correctly....there were little particles floating in the water :(The rooms were standard hotel rooms with a large balacony and nice size bathroom. House keeping was very friendly; they cleaned/washed floors and restocked the refrigerator every day. There were many restaurants to chose from however, I would recommend eating at the buffet. It seemed to have the best selection of food. We actually didn't care for any of the food there. Maybe because we are used to home cooked meals and don't tend to go out to eat alot. Seems that they cook everything in Dominican Spices which didn't really agree with us. Don't eat the burgers......not quite sure what meat they made it with but they didn't taste the way a burger is supposed to taste....LOLLoved Mike's Cafe for a cafe latte or espresso.....There is a small casino and bowling that was fun. Definitely wear sunscreen! My husband didn't and got major sunburn the first day. Some hotel employees walk around with umbrellas to protect themselves from the sun since it is so strong there. The weather was great while we were there it was in the upper 80's everyday and it only rained one day we were there. Overall the resort is beautiful, well kept and the employees are very friendly. Very disapointed with the food but it seemed that there were alot of other people enjoying it so maybe it was just us?

Great Break We went to The Gallery in Barcelona for our Wedding Anniversary, we enjoyed our stay and would definitely return.Good Hotel in a great location, especially for all the expensive designer shops and good restaurants. If you want tea Coffee making in your room you will have to upgrade or take your own as we do ! The rooms are quite contemporary and have lovely marble bathrooms .The Hotel service was first class and the buffet breakfast wonderful with lots to choose from. The tourist bus stop is just round the corner for both the blue red route, can 100% recommend the tourist bus.The only negative was that they are working on the Metro so you could not get a taxi to the Hotel door.

Very Friendly Budget Hotel. We (my mum and I )stayed at the Royal Peacock as part of an Intrepid tour and I had read reviews on trip advisor before we left, so I really wasn't looking forward to it. We landed in Singapore very early and so got to the hotel around 8am (check in wasn't until 2pm). We were greeted by a very friendly gentleman at the reception desk who told us he would try his very best to get at least one room for us to share asap. He offered us complimentary breakfast which we thought was very nice. A room was ready within the hour. The rooms are very very small and cramped. The bathroom is small and not flashy but everything worked okay and it was 'fairly' clean. We eventually got another room (we stayed in one room each, with a single bed, TV, window, small desk and robe. Each room had it's own bathroom). My airconditioner wasn't as effective as the one in my mums room. The noise from the street was quite loud at night but take ear-plugs with you and it will be fine. Breakfast was nice. I think if you don't expect too much this hotel is fine for a very short stay. Other rooms in the hotel may be worse than the ones we had but after reading all of the bad reviews I didn't think it was too bad. If I had a choice I would probably stay somewhere better, but as part of a tour it's okay.

