Review

Busy but a good quality hotel. Would stay again.

Clean, Friendly, Modern Hotel As per the title the hotel it is all of those which was is not to be expected. The rooms were comfortable and well supplied with the usuals. We did feel the location of the hotel was a bit out of the center of HK. 30 - 40 minute walk or a 10 minute taxi ride. The hotel does provide a courtesy bus to various places in the center. Even if you did not use this the taxis are very cheap, only HKD 40.We booked this hotel through a travel agent and paid for 2 nights. I thought this was reasonable but do not know the cost of hotels closer to the center. The location is not a big problem because as mentioned the taxis are cheap to get about. I would reccommen people to stay here and would stay here again.

Great time in the Dominican I went with my now fiance (I proposed there) and found the Bavaro to be beautiful. The grounds were well cared for and the lobby gorgeous. My travel agent booked through Apple and there was an Apple rep in the larger lobby area. This was both convient and comforting. The beach was the most beautiful I've seen. Plenty of room and seats to sunbathe. Our room was spacious and clean. A wet bar in the room was just right for evening cocktails on the porch of our room. The staff were friendly and courteous. We did, however, have problems with water pressure in our room. Though the food selection had a wide variety, it was only fair tasting and left us with minor stomache trouble. The entertainment had an impressively wide range, but could be amateurish at times. All tried hard though wich made it, for the most part, fun. The beach and pool area had a burger and hot dog stand. It was so bad it had an almost comic value! AVOID! While we were there, a fire burnt down a large building! near the pool and beach closing at least 3 restaurants. Even so, there were still plenty of places to eat and drink and the staff worked very hard to clean up and make up for the loss. The grounds are HUGE and though they have regular shuttle service to and from the rooms and lobby, be ready for long walks. Not the fanciest place in the world but was appropiately priced and I had a great time.

Decent enough hotel I have mixed feelings about my stay at this hotel. The staff were excellent and very helpful. When I had problems with their WiFi (it didn't work) or when I accidentally broke one of the shade cords in my room, they were very prompt (in 5 minutes) in fixing the problem. They were also great for the diving I did with Caribe Aquatic Adventures.On the down side, I thought their continental breakfast was sorrowful. They're also 2 miles from Old San Juan. It cost me $10 each way to go to and from there via a taxi.If you intend to see Old San Juan, I'd try to find a hotel that is closer. If you want one that is close to a beach, this might be the one for you. If you want one close to the cruise ship piers, you might want to find one closer to the piers. It'll cost you $13.50 via taxi to get to the Pan American pier from this hotel and $10 to get to pier 4 which I believe is used for transiting cruise ships.

Convenient When I say Above Average I'm comparing to sparse alternative offerings in the Ponce area (and being an avid golfer, this place having no competition in the south central portion to the island). The resort was easy to get to and conveniently located, but it (in the greater worldwide scheme of things) wasn't anything close to special. Furthermore (aside from the outstanding 27 hole on site golf course), it was not redeeming other than it was situated on the ocean (to be more precise, the Carribean Sea) and had two separate pool and beach areas (one moderate size family pool with large beach area at hotel, and another dazzling adult pool with small beach area at the golf course clubhouse complex). We ate out in town, but availed ourselves to the bar lounge area (good, but expensive mixed drinks and beer) and to the casino (okay, but not exciting and no Vegas - or Mesquite, for that matter). The rooms were clean and all have a view toward the ocean overlooking the gardened grounds, but it was not spacious or memorable. At this low season stay, we still had to pay a AAA rate of $160 and pony up an extra $8 parking fee (for the priviledge of parking in one of several hundred unsused spaces in a cavernous parking lot) as well as a $11+ resort fee (were told to pay for groundskeeping costs). All in all, this single night stay (and playing the full 27 holes of golf) was fine and dandy, but it doesn't beckon to me to pay a return visit.

Good stay geat way to have a b'fast

Huge room, great location What a surprise upon arrival.......when I entered the small lobby, I thought this was going to be one of those boutique hotels that only looked nice on websites...but it wasn't like that when we got into our huge room. There's a living area separate from the big comfortable bed, and also a separate office area....the bathroom was huge ase well. The room was extremely comfortable and the decorations are very classy. The location is right by the Sony Center but a bit far from the main shopping area. I would stay at this hotel again when I visit Berlin...the size of the rooms can't be beat in Europe.

Great location, great price Stayed at this hotel on various occassions in the past year for the great location and price. The price is unbeatable for its location. If you're not spending too much time in the hotel or on a very short stay, this would be an excellent choice, if you're looking for a romantic getaway or staying in Florence for extended period, I would opt for higher end hotels. Hotel staff is friendly and helpful, cleansiness is average, I would use my own towels. Quality of room varies, I've stayed in standard and also the deluxe, the A/C unit in my deluxe room was very weak and didn't improve after help from hotel staff. The wireless internet in our room never worked on all my stays and they can't provide cables, there is a small business center for internet on the 2nd floor. If you're just looking for good location, this is it. The quality is lacking, but it's a 3 star hotel so it's expected. I would rank this as a better 3 star hotel in Europe than most.

Great location, hit-or-miss service View from "foyer" to the room, bathroom on the right.

Very comfortable; central location This is a very nice hotel that American travelers will identify with - by that, I mean it was air conditioned and nicely appointed. Modestly sized for European hotels, it was very comfortable for one or two people. The room was very clean.The decor is modern. Interestingly, the shower area had a glass wall that was shared with the sleeping area. Modesty is preserved through strategically placed glass frosting, but if you're traveling with a non-intimate friend you might be a bit uncomfortable. Also, the bathroom had a bottle opener on the wall, which I thought very considerate (it probably avoids damage to the surfaces - who among us have not found novel ways of opening bottles?).The room included an in-room safe that fit a 15 laptop (much appreciated), and a mini-bar (which I didn't use). A flat panel TV with several English channels was included. Free internet was provided, which is unique in European hotels.The location is very convenient between the Amsterdam Centraal Station and the big museums (Van Gogh and the Rijksmuseum). It's about a 20 minute walk or so from the station, but there is a tram station about 50 yards from the hotel on Rembrandt Square. Tram line 4 and 9 go between the rail station and Rembrandt Square. The hotel is just off the square. It doesn't look like much from the street, but appearances are deceiving. There is a restaurant attached, which I didn't use.All in all, a very nice hotel that American travelers will find familiar and very comfortable. On a personal note, they allowed me to check in at 10am, which I very much appreciated. This was not arranged ahead of time.

clean and comfortable we thought this hotel was very good, close to all amenities, though it is in a little seedy area we had no problem at all, the pool is small but the sunbeds and chairs on the decking are very comfortable, and a good view, breakfast is continental style , everything there you would want, it could pay you to bring your own teabags though, never had evening meal, there is a little road noise, but if you are higher than 2 floor or at the rear it is no problem, especially after a couple of drinks on the ramblas, will go back again

Very modern Prince Kuhio - Ocean View

Basic but habitable Bathroom

Great holiday My wife and I have travelled all over the world. We staid at the Catalonia from Dec. 1 to Dec. 15 2007. After reading earlier reviews on this site, I was somewhat wary of what we were going to find once there. What a surprise! We had 2 outstanding weeks. We had heard that mosquitoes were aboundant. We saw none. Food was supposed to be very poor. In fact, it was quite good. We had breakfast at the beachside buffet dining room, lunch at the poolside grill and pizza bar (which serves grilled chicken, burgers, dogs as well thin crusty pizza cooked in a wood-burning oven. What a snack! Dinner was always in the main dining room. The buffet was varied and you had many options even if you were not into fish or seafood. Our studio was at ground level and looked out onto the golf course. The king-size bed was excellent. Coffee and perculator were provided so we could have coffee in the room at any time. A bonus was the oversize sooker tub with plenty of hot water at any time of day as well as a convenient shower. The studio was kept immaculately cleen. 1$US per day left on the pillow works wonders. Try it...My wife loved walking the many paths in the parklike central area of the property. We are in our early sixties yet we were surprised to find so many families with young children and an astounding number of young babies. It is a very good sign when you spend 2 weeks in a semi-tropical location like Punta Cana and never hear of anyone becoming sick or indisposed. I think it is to the credit of this hotel that they consider good hygienic practices in order to assure the coninued comfort of their guests. The management goes to great lengths to provide a good beach but it is always at the mercy of prevailing winds which bring weeds after breaking over the outer coral reef.The animation team is always busy trying to keep people busy and happy. Evening entertainment is typical of al the other hotels imilar in size in the D.R. If you are looking for for an enjoyable, uncomplicated, relaxing holiday, this is a good place. I definitely recommend it for families with young children (6 mos. to 10 years old), couples who just want to relax, as well as older travellers. (The hotel isalso well suited to people who might have some difficulty walking about - the only requisit is to reserve a ground-level studio.)Happy

Fabulous Hotel with very friendly staff From the warm welcome to the sad goodbye , our stay at the hotel was great in every aspect .Breakfast has to be experienced to be appreciated although dinners could be expensive . However , as usual , you get what you pay for .All the hotel staff from the General Manager ( yes he is easily available ) downward are extremely friendly , welcoming and eager to please .There are hawkers on the beach but they also have the Balinese gift of a warm smile and friendly disposition .The guests are cosmopolitan with no rowdiness and a genteel air of luxury and laziness prevails .The hotel , in summary , satisfied all of our holiday wishes .

great hotel, great value, great location ... to bad for the A/C My wife and I stayed ther this past October. Its a marvelous hotel, quite chic, and nice cozy rooms. The buffet breakfast is outstanding, and not only for european standards.The location, though a 5min walk to the nearest metro station (Anton Martin), its very convenient. Right infront of Plaza de Santa Ana, and a 10min walk to Sol, Gran Via, Atocha Station, etc....The only incovenience we found was that the AC system wasnt working, due to the fact that its centralized and switched to heat for the cold season. But it was raining outside, so having the windows opened was not an option, nor turning on the AC (or heat). So we had to manage ourselves to cool down a bit. That aside, I would definetely recommend the hotel, and for sure, make sure the next time, either the AC works properly, or rain/snow is not forecasted !

Over Priced, Over Designed, Disapointment What a disapointment this hotel is!There is so much more to a trendy boutique hotel than just a beautiful building and unfortunately this is the only thing going for the Dylan. Hotel staff were very dismissive, to the point of ignoring you when you are actually standing in the reception room. We had early check-in booked as we were on an early flight, however the room was not ready until almost 3pm, none of the staff offered an explaination or apologised for the inconvenience. Check-in to the room, only to have house keeping come in about 10min after arrival to re-stock the mini bar, explaining they had not had time to do it yet, but would do it now so we would not be charged for missing items. Unbelievable.The rooms whilst supposedly designer chic, are ridiculously over designed. We had the kimono/japanese inspired room which required you to bend over to see into the bathroom mirror, sit on your knees to have a shave, or use the small shaving mirror which was located on the adjacent wall, but the lighting cast a massive shadow which made this useless. The shower dribbled against the wall, so we got the maintenance person to put a new one in, only to find it was equally useless. The rooms have a table and chair at the end of the bed, or a couch, located directly under the plasma tv on the wall, again useless. Not really designer chic!We expressed our concerns to the hotel manager who advised we could not be moved on out first night, but he could change our room on the second. Not wanting the hassle we opted to stay in the existing room, and having spoken to other guests it sounds as though the other rooms are equally overdesigned, although we did not see them first hand.A really disapointing, overpriced hotel. Definately not worth the money. Would not stay here again.

OK for the Price, but Look Elsewhere The hotel was OK, a little run down with average cleanliness, but we chose it for price as Seattle is quite expensive. We didn't get the room/bed that we reserved, and the staff was unhelpful. Best Westerns used to always have nice hotels, but this one doesn't fit that mold. We'll choose a different hotel, probably more expensive, the next time we visit Seattle.

Great for the price We spent 4 nights at the Shawmut in October. I understand why some people might not like the hotel... it's just a small hotel with very limited services in a sports bar area near the Bankworth Garden. However, we found it very satisfactory: the room was large and clean, at an excellent price for downtown Boston (we paid $117.80 a night average for a queen bed). Virtually all hotels in downtown Boston are well over $200. And we like bars! Plus easy walking distance to the North End, downtown, Faneuil Hall Marketplace, Beacon Hill, Boston Common, and the T is a block away (Boston's great subway, you can go everywhere).We recommend eating in the North End: try Regina Pizza, Pagliuca's for traditional Italian, or L'Osteria for fancy. Try the Corner Cafe on Prince Street. It's more of a bar, but it is classic italian!We'll make the Shawmut our place to stay in Boston

Central location My wife and I stayed at The Handlery for two nights on route to Hawaii. The hotel's location was very convenient for sight seeing around San Francisco, close to numerous places to eat and drink, a cable car ride and many major department stores were all within walking distance. The purpose of our holiday was to celebrate our 30th wedding anniversary and on arrival we were greeted by John Handlery (Vice Pres) and a bottle of champagne and a basket of friut etc, were bought to our room. We found the overall experience very enjoyable and would recommend this hotel to others.One small complaint. Our room had no wardrobe space, although this may had been different had we been staying longer.

Central location My wife and I stayed at this hotel for 11 nights and found it a most enjoyable place to stay. It is situated adjacent to numerous bars, restaurants, shops etc, and only a five minute walk to the beach.Our room was spacious. It had a fridge , a cooker, a microwave and a tea and coffee maker.It also had a balcony, ample storage space and a TV.The hotel staff were very friendly and helpful at all times.Some people complained about the traffic noise at night but I dont think this is justified. It's the price you pay for a central location.One down side. Not enough elevators. This wasn't a problem for most of the day, but during busy periods, you would have to wait awhile.

fun place for honeymoon we went to honolulu as a side trip from our main honeymoon in kauai. overall, i would say that i prefer kauai 10 to 1 over honolulu, but that is not the point of this post, after all. first off, the outrigger is in GREAT location. it really cant be beat. the property has a number of GREAT restaurants, esp Dukes. we were there on a sunday and some locally famous musician was playing outside at Dukes--it was a real party and packed with locals. that being said, this hotel may be best for the younger crowd who likes loud music and partying. the view from our room was spectacular. we book oceanfront and starred off miles into the pacific every morning. no sunset views from anywhere in the building though--the sheraton is in the way. The pool area was fun and poolside service is good. food not too expensive and drinks are standard. a tip for those like me who want to save money on alcohol--go across teh street and buy your stuff from ABC and bring along a soft sided cooler from home and tote it with you to the pool. no one will stop you. The only problem with this places as I see it is the cost. we paid 350 for our room, and yes had a great view, but it just felt lacking for that price. The inside seems a little bit old and out of date. The service was nice, but I did NOT like the check in process. The guy sat us down and offered us a drink, and everything is going fine. Then the guy starts talking real loud about how much the room will cost and all of that. My wife almost lost it when she found out how much it was. Whether you prices are high or low, please use some discretion! I know how much it costs--I booked the darn thing!definitely see pearl harbor. we rented a car for 2 days from budget at the airport and only paid 50 bucks TOTAL. (just avoid buying any of their insurance). We paid as much in parking (25/day) as we did for the car.overall if i go back to waikiki (unlikely), I would stay here again. Maybe I would just go for the cheapest room I could get and not worry about it b/c apart from the view, they're all the same (and not really that nice). spend most of your time at their pool, beach, and restaurants which are all genuinely fun.

Very Nice Stay We stayed at the Park Hotel Shiodome October 27-30, 2006. We generally agree with the positive reviews. High quality room (not large but this is Japan), and we had great city views of the Tokyo Tower and surroundings from the 28th floor. Found a very high level of service from greeting us at ground level and taking us to check in on the 25th floor. Staff at desk had fluent English. The room has nice amenities, and as said by others nice to get an English newspaper (International Herald Tribune combined with English version of Asahi Shimbun.) We booked over the internet for 17500 yen per night, not particularly cheap but not bad for Tokyo.It is a bit confusing to find (especially at ground level) because of construction right now, and it is across from the somewhat similarly named Royal Park Hotel. Like others we had some trouble navigating at first until we found that if you exit at the 3rd floor, you can exit turning left to reach an upper level walkway that takes you past the Royal Park on your right, then you turn left to reach Shimbashi station which has the Yamanote rail and Ginza subway lines. If you take the escalator down near the Royal Park there are restaurants and shopping. Also on the 3rd level if you go right past the new yurakicho sky train station you reach the Pedi Shiodome which has some very nice restaurants and coffee shops which we frequented. We also ate in the underground by Shimbashi station. We did not eat in the hotel, though on the ground level there is nice cafe, Cafe Des Artes.We have stayed at Keio Plaza in Shinjuku previously and the ANA in Roppongi. While the ANA is a superior hotel, we found the Park to be good value for the money. Unlike another reviewer we did mind being a little out of the action, and having a bit of a quiet retreat in a smaller more boutique like hotel. We would happily stay there again.

Very Comfortable Holiday at the L T I Left nov 29 to dec 13,,This was our first experience with LTI and we really enjoyed it. The rooms are kept very clean and the service is top notch. What I personally like about this resort is that it is not so huge as to be intimidating. You get to know the staff , who are very friendly and accomodating in every way. I really felt relaxed and quite at ease. There were ampel chairs around the pool as well as at the beach. Towels were plentifull. The food was very good and the variety was exceptional.

Wonderful vacation South Pacific Hotel

Very Enjoyable Experience Rooftop terrace

Very nice weekend downtown hotel This is probably the 4th or 5th time we have stayed at the downtown Omni Hotel on South Olive in Los Angeles. We stay there after driving over from Phoenix to attend the LA Opera, and can easily walk to Dorothy Chandler Music Center. Also, the weekend rates are reasonable, about $109.00 before taxes, via a website registration. However there a a $24.00 per night parking charge for guests!The rooms we have had were all large and very pleasant, often with good views. The bathrooms have separate tubs and showers, and excellent toiletries. The closets are spacious and have plenty of hangers. In short, this is a true 4 star hotel, and our only problem was that we requested a king size bed and received two queens on this stay.The lobby entrance is off Olive street on the first floor. The two restaurants, one the high end dinner spot Noe, and the other a full service cafe, are on the third floor, which leads out to Grand Avenue directly adjacent to the Museum of Contemporary Art. This occurs because the hotel is on top of Bunker Hill, so Olive Street is below Grand Avenue at this point.There are a number of downtown restaurants, but usually they are not busy on weekend nights. We often have breakfast at a deligtfully funky (and very inexpensive) spot about a mile and a half away on Figueroa and 9th Street.The hotel is fairly quiet on weekends, except for the occasional wedding or high school prom; but I imagine would be a lot more active during the week since it is in the heart of the Los Angeles high rise business district.We recommend this hotel.

Decent Downtown Hotel I stayed (by myself) at the Holiday Inn located at 350 Biscayne Boulevard, near the Port and downtown Miami for two nights; March 28-29, 2007; while attending a conference.The room was pretty decent, with a very large closet, comfortable single King Bed, the usual small bathroom; but with my smoke free request honored. I had made reservations on-line and checked in fairly quickly. The concierge was friendly and helpful when I asked about walking to a recommended restuarant called Garcia's; for seafood. He confirmed my choice but advised taking a cab, and he was correct. This is a very casual, locally patronized seafood place on the river, and was excellent. You should get a small order of stone crabs to go with the dinner in season. The hotel is across the street from the Bayside Marina, which is moderately hokey, but I had a pretty good Italian dinner at Lombardi's the next night.Miami is a construction mess and difficult to get around. Our conference was at the Hyatt Regency Downtown, which was within walking distance.I thought the hotel breakfast was pretty weak for the price, and walked over to El Cafe Restaurant in the Marina the next day. It was much better, although it does not open until 8:00 A.M., and the hotel restuarant opens at 6:30.The total bill (including all taxes but not breakfast) for two nights was $338.00. SuperShuttle to and from the airport is $16.00 pp + tip; and the cab websites said that the cab fare, per vehicle, is about $40.00; so for a couple it is about a wash.

5 Star Grounds but 4 Star Service To set the table properly, my wife and I decided on this resort after a few early reviews regarding the place. We travel a couple of times a year and enjoy in order: Grounds, Beaches, Pools, Service, Food and Entertainment. We average 29 years of age and have been to Bahamas, Jamaica, Cancun, Playa Del Carmen, and many other places. I would rate this place a 5 star on its grounds as it exceeds to some of the nicest (and well rated) hotels and resorts we have been to. However, the service is inconsistent so although I want to drop it to a 4 star I imagine a better resort in the Resort is 'Grand' to say the least, it is absolutely gorgeous, very modern and just perfect. The restaurants are all very upscale with a focus on presentation. The room (we stayed Royal Service with a King bed and Sofa) is very inviting and upscale. The beach is beautiful, with the sand being perfect but the sea weed overbearing at times.The problems we encountered were directly related to Royal Service. To begin, we arrived late afternoon and were not on the Royal Service list so we had to wait about 45 minutes for a room (not a big deal). I tried to contact the resort to confirm reservations 2 times and I never received a response. Since we paid for Royal Service I expected a butler available for reasonable request. Three out of the six nights we tried to order wine or champagne and it never came, even after multiple calls. This was disappointing finally began to make requests for a bottle of wine at 5pm and still would not receive our request by 7pm each time (if we ever received it). Even with this being stated, I recommend Royal Service just for the cabanas at the beach and pool, in addition to restaurant and areas that you have privileged to. As we noticed that by 8am the cabanas were already taken by the non-Royal Service pool.I hope I am not overstating the disappointment with Royal Service as some staff were eager to please and did whatever they could to make your moment enjoyable. This is separate than order made for food was delivered promptly regardless of the time of day.In response to those that wander if the hotel will be able to function at full capacity, well here is the review: the resort was booked for 3 of the 7 days we stayed and we never had to make reservations at any restaurant. We were sat immediately at our arrival and neither the restaurants nor the pool/beach area were crowded. All in all, this is a magnificent place with 5 Star Grounds if/when they truly get the service together it will be amazing destination for anyone lucky enough to go.

This is my favourite hotel Shibuya Tokyu Excel is my favourite hotel in the world. My company complained that at $300+ SGD per night, it's a bit expensive, but it is Tokyo!I love the location of this hotel. It's in the trendiest part of Tokyo, sitting right on top of the world's busiest pedestrian crossing, and more importantly near a pivotal railway station.The hotel room is quite small (maybe not by Tokyo standards) but it is very very comfortable, with a nice bath and a techno toilet. The selection of beverages in the minibar is very wide - one night I had no idea what I was drinking.The best part is the Japanese breakfast. I have never had another breakfast like it, and it has modified my food habits. As a bonus, it's served at the top of the hotel, so there's an excellent view to be had of Tokyo central.I am looking forward to my next trip to Tokyo, and I will definitely be staying here.

Perfect escape The hotel and service was perfect and worth far more than 3 stars. Check in was smooth and the staff were very friendly throughout our whole stay. The room was always spotless and had plenty of space. Each day your room also gets free bottled water so you can avoid the bali belly. The resort is aimed at those wanting a romantic, peaceful getaway. Not many children around which we personally saw as a major plus. The building itself looks very nice and has some grand stonework which looks even better in the night-light. There is a nice selection of shops and food onsite, the breakfast included in your stay has a great choice and a lot of foods are cooked to order infront of you (omelettes etc). They also offer room service until the early hours, however if you wanted to try a wider selection of local cuisine there are plenty of restaurants right outside the gates on the main road. (Try the Bamki Hotplate!!!)As with any holiday you need to reserve your sun lounger early in busy periods but the hotel do their best to help by not allowing towels to be hired until after 9am breakfast. The pools themselves are lovely.The onsite massage parlour is also worth a visit, all guests get a free Jet Lag 15 minute massage card, but paying for one of the more indepth treatments is well worth itThe overall feel of the place is a relaxing, clean, friendly environment where you can be at peace away from the hustle bustle of street traders. If you do wish to venture out and see some of the island, the hotel can offer good deals on tours to some of the major attractions. This can also all be added to your room bill if you wish to pay at the end of your holiday.Having toured past some of the other hotels on the island I saw no where else that compared to the Puri Santrian and we would definitely go back

There isn't a better hotel in NYC I have gone to NYC at least 10 times over the last 4 years. I have stayed at hotels that were rated highly and upon arrival I cringed, wondering if the reviews were posted by the hotel staff themselves or crack addicts..But the Affina Dumont! This was a little different.All I can say is wow! We arrived December 26th at 12:15 PM. Early check-in. No problem. High Floor. No problem. From the doorman to the bellman to the front desk to housekeeping, everyone was 100% helpful, kind, and gracious. Not only upon arrival but the entire 7 days we stayed there.And they remained so while checking out and saying goodbye.All I know is from now on when I go to NYC, the Affina Dumont is where I plan on staying.The neighborhood is great. Good bars, restaurants, groceries, etc. Plus if you shop and find you have a lot to bring home, there us a UPS Store up the street. You can drop off all your goodies and they will box it up and ship it back to you.You can walk around town easily from here. I actually walked from Kitchen to the hotel one day at it was a pleasant walk.The 6 line is around the corner and if you know how to use the subway, you can get anywhere you want easily.I really cannot say enough about this hotel.Go and stay there. You will not be disappointed.

Opaque pricing but still pretty good I like CityInns but their pricing has gone crazy. Their rates change daily and the staff are totally inflexible so my tip would be to book a flexible rate (ie one that is cancellable without charge) and wait and see if they offer others nearer the date of your stay as we ended up getting a double 'Club' room with taxes and breakfast (normally GBP 19.50 per person) for GBP 119 per night with 4 drinks vouchers worth GBP 9.75 each thrown in and a late check out till 4 pm (worth at least 25 quid). This was the Summer in the City special.Club rooms are no bigger than normal rooms but do give you a better class of service / attention. One moan: why do they offer you a 4 pm checkout and then have housekeeping knocking you up at 10 am!Location is great, staff pretty friendly though some of them lack basic English (don't know what a bathrobe or dressing gown is for example, don't know what brown sauce is!). I always try and stay here but I've had my fingers burned with non-refundable rates at other CityInns so thought I'd share my experiences

olde worlde opulence I have stayed at the Canal House twice and love it but have to concede that it is an acquired taste. It isn't cheap but is a truly special place to stay -- like taking a stroll back in time. The location is perfect, on a quiet canal, near all the sights (Dam square, Ann Frank house etc) and near the Jordaan area which is chock-full of excellent bars and restaurants. Do not stay there if you want a minibar, a TV in your room, 24-hr room service, breakfast in bed etc as you won't get it. It is a very atmospheric place to sleep but not good for much else -- this isn't a criticism, just a statement of fact. Breakfast is fairly standard European: bread and cold cuts or cheese, cereals, croissants, boiled eggs and (tinned) fruit. The breakfast room ambience is amazing though. Staff are very helpful and attentive, as are the owners and receptionist.There is one lift and the corridors are very windy and twisty and the staircases VERY steep so anyone who is 'mobility-impaired' would have a big problem. The rooms I've had have both been full of antiques and had four-poster beds but are not modern -- as I said no TV though a radio. Bathrooms are a bit tired with 70s tiled decor (half-size bathtub) but are more than adequate. The bar is not a place to while away the hours -- not enough seating for more than two groups, closes at 22.30 -- more somewhere to grab a glass of wine or a beer before going out and yes, it is a bit chintzy but heck, you have the whole of the city to choose from .Make sure you settle your bill in cash to qualify for the 5% discount and to help them with their cashflow. This review may sound a bit negative it isn't intended to be so; it is simply to prevent you going with the wrong expectations since the CH's recent billing as a HIP HOTEL might make it appeal to the wrong crowd, which would be a pity for those of us who are the 'right' crowd.

Amazing stay but stay out of the crack in the bed! Nothing to add regarding the location (could it be more central?), staff (amazingly helpful friendly, all speak perfect English, all willing to go the extra mile with tips, advice, bookings etc) and facilities (free English newspapers in the lobby, internet access, pleasant bar area with the most generous measures I've ever encountered). We paid top whack (EUR 250+)for a deluxe room on the first floor (102) with sitting area, bathroom with posh shower and jacuzzi bath, loo and bidet and a truly massive bed -- though in reality it was two double mattresses on one base, which meant that any Valentine's 'action' was hampered by one party constantly slipping down the crack in the middle if they slipped apart -- with added features such as automatic raise and lower so you could sit up and read or put your feet up. One niggle: both English tv channels (BBC and CNN) didn't work too well so we couldn't watch the news.Didn't ever partake of breakfast as the metal shutters were so effective at blocking out the light that we slept very late every morning but I think 15 euros was a bit steep though places on La Ramblas were not much cheaper; is it me or has Barca become very dear of late?I might try and get a better deal next time and I'd like to see some of the 'basic' rooms to see if they're better value for money but I'd certainly go back

Great location I have to disagree with some of the previous (negative) reviewers. I've just returned from 3 days at the Ambassador and wasn't bothered by any lack of soundproofing. We could hear the odd toilet being flushed and a bit of street noise but that was all -- we slept very well indeed. Reception staff were friendly, multilingual and very accommodating -- I requested and got a room change and ended up with one with a MASSIVE king-size bed. The location is great: close enough to La Rambla to be as good as on it but far enough away to not be kept awake all night. The decor is a bit on the tired side and the bar area could definitely do with a revamp as it is very sterile and merely functional. In sum the ambassador's not brilliant but it's as good a place as any to stay in the centre.

Nice, but some issues as well room 3101: beds

Best deal in Venice! Front of hotel

Great Time - Family Friendly Pool view from balcony.

Uninviting. We reserved for the Shinjuku Star and paid for the whole stay in advance.We passed through Tokyo in our way to Kyoto (we were going to Tokyo and the Star afterwards) and we visited the Star Hotel:noisy, worn out, poor illumination, etc. It was quite unappealing and we rushed to a computer to cancel our reservation, even when it meant losing some money. It was worth it. We foundwithout a problem a nice place nearby and more or less at the same price. echel. Mexico.

Great Midwinter Vacation Spot We were at the Iberostar Bavaro 2/26/05-3/05/05. We traveled via a charter with TNT from Boston. This resort was great overall and I would definitely go back. We are a couple in our 50's and went with one other couple.Arrival: Our charter go us to the hotel at about 10:30 at night. We were very tired from a long day of travel and anticipated a tedious check in process. We were wrong. The hotel made check in a breeze. They had a manila folder all set for us with keys, towel cards, resort information and a registration card. We were told to simply get our bracelets put on by the friendly girl waiting for us adjacent to the check in desk and bring back the completed registration card at our convenience. We attached the supplied luggage tags to our bags, got our bracelets and got a drink at the bar. Once the entire group got settled with drinks on comfortable couches in the lobby a registration clerk came over and explained the ins and outs of the hotel tom us all. We knew that we wanted a safe key, so when he was done we filled out the registration card and returned it to the desk at which time we got our safe key. Having finished our drinks, we wandered down to our room and got there just as the bell men arrived with our luggage. One of the easiest check ins ever. By the way, they informed us that they were opening up the buffet restaurant for us at 11:00 pm for burgers, hot dogs, cold cuts and snacks as they assumed we were all hungry from our trip. The burgers were great!Room:We did try to get upgraded to a room overlooking the beach, but were told that none were available as some German tour group had paid extra to reserve them. We had e-mailed them a week in advance and made our request again when we were checking in. They offered a room overlooking the pool to the couple we were traveling with, but they did not bother moving as it was not much different than the one they had.Bavaro's rooms are all junior suites. Ours was on the ground floor just over the bridge from the main buffet restaurant and was very quiet. We did not notice any musty or other smells as others have reported. We left a couple of bucks for the maid each day and our room was always well cleaned and the mini fridge was always restocked with what we want. The safe is good sized and worked just fine. One day we had difficulty locking our sliding door to the balcony so we called the desk and they had someone there in ten minutes who fixed it on the spot. Beach:Fantastic, I cannot say enough good things about it. This is a large resort with lots of beachfront so, if you want a lot of activity all day just camp out in front of the pool. The Star Friends will keep you appraised of what's going on all day long. If you want peace and quiet, just walk a little ways to the left or right and you will be left alone. The sand here is very fine, the water warm, the views are gorgeous and there are lots of beach walkers going by most of the day.Food Drink:We really enjoyed the variety of food offered. There was never a time we could not find something good to eat. In fact, we made a game out of trying something new every meal. Some we loved, some we didn't but there was plenty of variety. We only ate two dinners at the buffet restaurant because we wanted to try the specialty restaurants. Both times were very good. There are steaks and chops available every night that are grilled to your order as well as a pasta station and fajita station. Frankly, if you cannot find something to your liking here you should not be going to an all inclusive resort. We tried the Steakhouse restaurant, (good sirloins done just as ordered); the Mediterranean, (fish that even non fish eaters can like), and the Japanese, (excellent-the best of the specialty restaurants). We were also invited to a Manager's Special Dinner one night at the Mediterranean where we had a choice of lobster or chicken. Both were delicious. Drinks were typical tropical fare, nothing especially good or bad though it should be noted that they premix the most popular fruity drinks like Pina Colada's in big dispensing machines. They are not made individually in blenders, but they are good.The beer was a local brand only.Shows:There is a show nightly. They seemed to alternate between fancy shows put on by the Star staff and follies shows involving the guests embarrassing themselves. The follies shows are very funny and the staff shows are OK. The staff sing and dance very enthusiastically. We wandered over to the Dominicana a couple of nights and saw there shows, which were essentially the same as Bavaro's. There is a disco and casino over there. The disco is fun but smoky and we did not try the casino.Shopping:There are stores at the hotel and a collection of flea-market type shops a short walk down the beach. Check out the prices at the hotel and then go down to the flea market to bargain if you're so inclined. Otherwise just buy things at the hotel. The prices there are set so no bargaining.Sickness:Bring Imodium. Two of our foursome had some minor stomach distress, (one was brushing his teeth with tap water. Imodium took care of it and neither missed more than one meal. Two of us opted for anti-malarial medication, (chloraquine) prior to the trip but we only saw a couple of mosquitoes one evening while watching a show. We did notice them fogging for bugs one day. Overall:I would go back in a minute. We had a great vacation. Iberostar understands how to do the all-inclusive vacation and does it very well. We only speak English and had no problem communicating with the staff. We tried our best to use simple Spanish phrases and the effort seemed appreciated by the staff, (my attempts at Spanish brought lots of smiles). The resort is beautiful, the staff is friendly and attentive and the beach is the best. Go-enjoy!

Good Hotel in Good Location The Wall

Great Hotel and Location.!! My girlfriend and I stayed here for my Birthday in March for 5 nights. I would definetley recommend the hotel. Upon arrival we were upgraded to a Studio without even asking! Room was spacious, nice bathroom, kitchen area was small but convenient, bed was very comfy and room was ample with a nice LCD TV. No negatives at all - however light sleepers may not like the street noise - but get real its New York not some place out in the wild west!!Location is great as theres subway system on thre corner of street which gets you downtown. Nice Mexican down the 51st called Dos Caminos - recommend.Staff were very helpful and friendly. Didnt really use the amenities but the bar was nice and reasonable - Tuesday night free Margaritas!! We did use room service but it was quite expensive $60 for two omlettes and one tub of Hagen Dazs! But we were hungry at 3am and it was nice!All in all great hotel for price and cant recommend it enough.

Fantastic value for money Booked with Superbreak for BB a night. Got a double room on the 26th top floor with fantastic views. The staff were as good as you can get, location 100 yards from the tube, true 4 star. Superb breakfast selection.If only British hotels could match this price and service!!You can always find little faults if you want to, but, the main thing is that this is a great hotel and for value for money you will not beat it.Barcelona rates as one of the best cities ever visited, couldn't do it all and will have to go back. Will stay here again without any boubt.Carol and Phil, Oswestry.

A Fantastic Discovery Looking down on Japantown from 7th floor of Hotel Tomo

We enjoyed the stay Stayed for 8 days (too long for Florence - overload of sights). Our room was large with a standard sized bathroom complete with bath and shower. Large twin beds with very firm mattresses and pillows. Linen sheets changed every day! Towels beautiful fluffy white and lots of them. Flat screen tv with BBC world and CNN together with italian and french channels. Breakfast good for Italy depends on needs - cereals, bread, yoghurts, fresh fruit (whole), cheeses ham crossants, fruit juices, fresh coffee and tea. Ver friendly and accommodating staff. Location very good for the station and fairly easy to reach all sights. Guide books run down the area as dubious but we did not find a problem. (the top graded hotel in tripadvisor is in a very depressing area).We had problems finding hotel so these directions may be helpful. Exit station at the east end of the concourse i.e platforms to the north, cross over the extreme north side of the bus station immediately adjacent train station and then cross main road via Val Fonda and carry on the in same direction (passed some blue busses in a mini bus station) along a back street via Bernardo Cennini (100 yds) unitil you reach a T junction with Via Faenza, turn right and the hotel is about 100 yds on the right. See previous reviews for suggested restaurants in area although an additional one would be Il Contadino on Via Paluzzulo 71r. Fixed price menu for lunch and dinner mainly locals - no written menu, the owner reads it out - 3 courses total for two including wine and coffee simply prepared but as good as other restaurants. For a break from Florence's constant traffic noise try Lucca for the day, walled city with plenty to look at with peace thrown in. Try Paris restaurant fixed price menu near the Palazzo Pfanner.

Amazing view over the bay, kitshy deisgn! but great if you like that! spend 4 days there for business. try to get a room with a view over the bay: I was overlooking Alcatraz Prison! the hotel has a great history as it is probably one of the first luxurious hotel of SF. Many famous people, from US president to actors came there. You feel the history with the rococo design. a bit kitschy but perfect for a romantic stay and great if you like this kind one hotel which reminds you the French Riviera. The staff was very helpful. the rooms are big, bathrooms nice with bath and shower, 32 LCD TVs. the lobby is huge with lots of private space if you need to meet people. There is a bar where you can have a big breakfast in the morning or have a drink later in the day. there is also another bar in the former swimming pool with an Tahitian theme where you can have cocktails or diner. didn't try the food but the cocktail were good (and pricey as it is a first class hotel). the gym is ok but you have to pay, sthg like $10 or $15/day. the hotel in on top of a hill so if you are a lazy type person you will have to take a cab or the tramway to come back or find another hotel downtown! it s a 5 min cab ride to go downtown and there are always cabs waiting at the entrance. the concierge has great restaurant recommendations. indicated me an awesome tapas place in the Spanish area. I would definitely come back even if they lack a pool....(I was there in the winter so not so inconvenient).last thing: have a drink in the hotel next door, in the tower: great view over SF

Superb Bargain hotel!! This is how all Novotel Novation hotels should be. I really could not fault this at all. Got a fantastic rate of GBP25.00 per night on [--] and this is brilliant value for money especially when one thinks of how overpriced UK hotels are compared to what you can get in Berlin.Hotel is situated on Strasse des 17 Juni right by Tiergarten S-Bahn station. Having stayed in a few Berlin Hotels, this is no problem to get around anywhere regardless of the other reviews you may have read on here about this being out of the way. The Hauptbahnof is 5 minutes away, Alexanderplatz is 10 mins away. Bahnhof Zoo is 2 mins away by S-Bahn. If this is out of the way, i dread to think what areas like Pankow, Wilmersdorf and Charlottenberg are for some people!!Hotel lobby and corridor areas are modern, although in typical Novotel standard they are modern without being too flashy. The rooms are of a nice standard about 27 Square metres, with TV, honesty minibar, Tea and coffee making facilities, shower and seperate bath. Seperate toilet too in the room.Plenty of storage space, In room safe and a quiet interior room, I really couldn't fault this at all.For a hotel amongst the same star rating as the Park Plaza WallStrasse, its not as nice , but its equally on a par with the Park Inn in Alexanderplatz or the Novotel Berlin Mitte or Suitehotel at Potsdammer Platz.Rack rate at this hotel is about 145EUR per night which is reasonable considering what you are getting. Try getting a similar standard in a UK hotel for the same price turning up on the day!Top tip is to skip the buffet breakfast at 17 Euro and go across to the Wiener Fierbacker across the road and have a continental breakfast for a 2-3 Euros.This is without doubt the best Novotel I have had the pleasure of staying in

Serviceable, tiny room We are Gold Preferred Guests and stayed in the hotel using points. So, to preface everything, when you get something for free, you can't really complain TOO much about it. If I had paid $400/night for the room we stayed in, it would have been completely unacceptable. The room was in the middle of the three wings of the now-combined resort, and it was TINY. It did have a somewhat-ocean view out of a small side window, but otherwise the room was dominated by the king-size bed. Beyond that, there was barely room to walk around. Compared to other Hawaii properties (i.e., the Hilton Hawaiian Village) which cost less, this room just did not cut it. However, it was clean and had a good bed. We also chose this property primarily because (a) it was free and (b) it was easy to drive from there to good beaches in O'ahu that aren't Waikiki. That said, otherwise this property was a solid Westin property. Staff were very courteous, including superior service at valet parking, which was our main concern. As I noted before, I used to live on O'ahu, and fortunately I already knew that Waikiki is the worst beach on this island and, as far as I know, throughout Hawaii. Although it has all of the tourist hotels, really, if you want a great experience on O'ahu, use Waikiki as your home base, and drive the 15-20min to other secluded beaches on the island. Since that was our plan, we mostly used the hotel for breakfast, where is a great buffet for $30 ($18 if you only eat cold food/continental). We also relaxed sometimes on the veranda in the middle of the property, where the pool and the excellent pool bar are. It is a beautiful area and one of the nicer layouts of the Waikiki properties. Compared to the Hilton, the Westin was also thankfully bereft of kids, which, since we don't have kids (it was our honeymoon) was important to us. The property is in excellent condition overall, and the fitness facility, while a bit tough to find (it's on the 32nd floor of the Sheraton tower, which is actually the 2nd floor, though not marked that way, and the signage is not great), was up to par and had all-new equipment. In sum, if I had a room with a balcony that was larger than a thimble, I would definitely stay in the Westin again. I would also stay there for free regardless. But, if I were paying their not-cheap rates, I would have been angry at the size of our room, but happy with everything else.

Typical beach resort My fiance and I read the other reviews on TripAdvisor prior to booking our trip over Easter weekend to this venue. I would say that most of the other reviews on here give a reasonable portrait of the property. Nonetheless, there are a few things I'd like to point out that I think are important to booking a stay there.The good:- Grounds - The hotel is a lovely property. We found the room to be very spacious and very clean. A bit utilitarian (tile floors) but wise choices given the beach location. The beachfront itself is fantastic, some of the best in Puerto Rico. There are two pools which are very attractive. On both the beach and by the pools, there are always enough chairs.- Drinks - As others have noted, the bartenders make fantastic mojitos, pina coladas, and frozen mojitos. - Entertainment - Great tennis, golf, casino and lots of bars and restaurants. You certainly could have a pleasant vacation without leaving the grounds (though I would strongly advise going off grounds). The hotel can book virtually any activity for you (at their inflated prices, of course).- Family friendly - For those that have kids, it seems to be a great place for kids, but....The bad:- Kids - Obviously Easter weekend is the worst of the worst in terms of there being crowds and lots of families. The hotel does a great job of providing things for kids to do and it is a safe environment for them, generally, though we did see the hotel serving extremely young minors alcohol on one occasion. We stayed on the beach and away from the pool, where most of the kids were (even the quiet pool was full of screaming kids) so it did not bother us. They didn't make too much noise in the halls, though i could see that being an issue.- Service/Speed - I simply don't buy the concept of Caribbean time and as long as I am at an American-owned resort I consider extreme slowness and incompetence unacceptable. The hotel first tried to put us in an out-of-the-way room with two double beds until we complained and got the king we booked. Because the hotel is also the country club for wealthy locals, I repeatedly noticed that Puerto Rican locals were treated much better than out of town guests. The bartenders at the pool area were almost comically slow with drink service, to the point where other guests were yelling at them as they stood joking around, entering their tips into the computers, and otherwise not serving people. - Restaurants - The breakfast at Marbella was fairly good. We also had dinner at Aqualuna, the seafood place. It was pretty mediocre. Prices are basically on the higher end of New York prices, but the quality is not there - typical of a beach resort. Even for New Yorkers, we got some sticker shock when we saw that the Italian restaurant was charging nearly $30 for plates of pasta.There are several local places that are enjoyable, including Antojitos down the street. We also liked Las Vegas, just down the road, for dinner. We stayed here on Starwood points over a very busy weekend and were generally pleased with how the hotel handled the crowds. It was of course annoying that service was sometimes slow, and I was irked, though not surprised, at how much they nickel and dime you (nothing is complimentary, including in room internet). If you want an easy place to stay, it's a good place, and I note that on the following Monday (our last day) it got much quieter and more relaxing. Overall, not much about the place surprised me.

Excellent corporate hotel with modern rooms My wife and I stayed here for the Sydney portion of our honeymoon. We are Starwood Preferred Guest members and thus were able to pay for part of our stay in points. Our main concern was having a quality hotel with a central, convenient location. This hotel is adjacent to Macquarie Bank and as such does a lot of corporate business; it is obviously more of a business-style hotel. That was fine with us - we had other portions of our trip for the more romantic/quaint type of thing. The rooms are ultamodern with electronic light and fixture controls, glassed-in bathrooms with extra large tubs and a separate shower, and a flat screen TV with sound that is pumped throughout the room. Everything in the room looked brand new and worked well. We did not order room service or use the restaurant other than for the breakfast buffet, which offered a wide variety of options including powerfood-type juice blends. The health club, as other posters have noted, is a bit far away from the modern, new tower (about a 5min walk across a catwalk on the third floor) but is excellently appointed. As it is a private gym and not merely the hotel's health club facility, it has all the features of a modern European-style health club, including a lap pool. We found the staff of the hotel to be extremely helpful and efficient, as one would expect of a Westin.The skylit, multi-story lobby is also very impressive.

Anniversary stay We live on Oahu but decided to spend our 19th wedding anniversary at the Waikiki Circle Hotel. We had stopped in a couple of times and were able to see a room each time we visited. The staff is the friendliest we've come across in a long time, especially Naomi and Steve. We requested a high floor, ocean front because the view cannot be beaten. It's true, the rooms are small, however, there is a refrigerator and a large closet with a mirrored door. They are tastefully decorated, bright and have been updated with 32 HDTV televisions. It was clean and didn't smell like other reviews had mentioned. The bathroom is also small but there is some exaggeration with regard to the size of the showers, my wife and I managed to both fit quite well at the same time.

Great Hotel for the 'Heavy Sleeper' Just a short weekend stay, turned up early and although the room wasn't ready they stored our luggage for us and when we returned had moved us down a couple of floors, not sure if it was an upgrade but it was a nice room, very clean. Comfortable beds with four choices of pillow, large bathroom. Staff were very polite and helpful. Would have scored excellent had it not been for the noise. Something I was aware of because of the proximity of nightclubs in Rembrant Square. Great location though in the heart of Amsterdam, within 10-20 minutes walking distance of virtually all attractions. So if you are a heavy sleeper or just out partying all night then this is the perfect place for you.

Six Stars if Possible View from our room

one of the best ever! my wife and i have stayed in some wonderful hotels the world over,but never have we stayed in a hotel with staff as good as those at Casa Camper.thank you so much for being so helpful and pleasent and especially for the little surprises left in our room on hearing of the surprise we got from our son when he told us on the roof terrace that we were to become grandparents it was truly very touching thank you so much to all concerned oh and the hotel itself is fantastic by the way great location and enjoyed the 24 drinks and snacks,see you soon i hope

Fantastic stay at the Monaco The Seattle Hotel Monaco holds up the high standards of the Kimpton hotel line. Having stayed at Kimpton hotels in several other cities, I can easily say that the Seattle Hotel Monaco is one of the best I have seen. The service is attentive and very prompt. Based on being a member of the Kimpton loyalty program, I was upgraded to a 10th floor room with a great view of 4th street and the excellent public library kitty-corner across from the hotel. I highly recommend a tour of the public library; you will be blown away. My room is quite spacious, with a beautiful flat-screen television, with DVD/CD player. The exercise room is pretty standard Kimpton size, which means adequate but not outstanding: four eliptical cardio machines and two stationary bikes, each with personal viewing screens. The cardio machine screens accept DVD's, which I have not seen elsewhere. As with all Kimpton hotels, and the Hotel Monaco line in particular, the hotel's lobby is stylish, quirky, and inviting. It's easy to imagine spending time relaxing in the comfortable, over-stuffed chairs. The restaurant attached to the hotel, Sazerac, is very good. So far, I have eaten lunch there and look forward to breakfast tomorrow. As always with Kimpton properties, I am able to connect to the free highspeed internet by ethernet in seconds, and am cruising the web and checking email back at the office with no problems. In my opinion, you can't go wrong with any Kimpton hotel, and the Seattle Hotel Monaco is certainly an excellent choice.

Classic Hotel Situated on the bank of the Arno River and within easy strolling distance of the city centre. The Ponte Vecchio Bridge is about half mile along the river bank from the hotel.Impressive lobby area with lots of marble and period furniture. Concierge desk very helpful on anything you want to see and gives good supply of maps for free. Reception staff are also very helpful.Bedrooms have high ceilings and match the of the hotel lobby. Beds are very comfortable and have super soft pillows. Bathrooms are all marble with frosted glass door separating the toilet from the rest of the bathroom. Air conditioning is efficient in cooling the room (We went May 2005). Notice on window warning of opening of windows because of mosquitoes and midges. My wife was bitten.The Donatello bar has a full range of drinks and draught beers. Drinks are expensive but you get a full range of nuts and crisps plus small pizza squares in the evening. IL Cesptello restaurant is expensive but the food is very good. Wine list expensive but you can get wine of the region at 26 Euro per bottle and also wine by the glass.Lots of small restaurants nearby and serving sandwiches and pizza. Prices here are cheaper and you can sit outside on the pavement tables but watch the mozzies.

service through gritted teath! On arrival we were delighted to be told that we had been upgraded to a club floor room. The room itself was small, the bathroom tiny and the decor and lighting were poor. Internet access was available for a reasonable fee. After a long flight we were hoping for a lie in, sadly this was not to be as despite having the do not disturb sign on the maid ricocheted through the door armed with a vacum cleaner at 8am claiming not to have seen the do not distueb sign. A call to receiption failed to get an apology for this so they were not off to a good start. That evening we though we would check out the club lounge only to find out that as ''upgrades'' we would be charged for everything in the lounge - I mean that is like getting an airline upgrade to business class and being served economy class food. Bearing in mind we had not asked for the upgrade and it probably only occured becuase the hotel had oversold its standard rooms that came as yet another dissapointment.The service was extreamly average for Singapore, food was pretty much ok and in terms of location then the hotel is well placed for all the major shopping and entertainment areas.

Wonderfully Grand When we walked through the doors of the Peninsula we knew we were in for a good time, the service was faultless from start to finish. Checking in was swift and efficient and we were personally shown up to the room. Our room faced the side street and for a city centre the room was pretty big, spotlessly clean and came with a huge bathroom with separate walk in shower. Everything you could ever think of wanting was available in the room and a floor butler was on call for anything else.As you would expect a stay at the Peninsula is not cheap but it is certainly worth it. Hong Kong is one of those cities where you can never be handy for absolutely everything but the Peninsula is right next to an MRT station so getting around by train or taxi is easy. As a final treat take the hotels Rolls Royce transfer to the airport, well worth it even if it does take longer than the airport express train. If pushed to criticise something about the place it would be the queues of tourists in reception that flock to the hotel for the legendary afternoon tea, a minor blip on an otherwise faultless stay.

debateable Having stayed here twice before (2001 and 2003) and loved the place we were looking forward to a long awaited return. The resort in itself is still well looked after and despite its age it is wearing well however it faces tough competition in Bali and if Le Meridien wants to keep its 5 star status they will need to start spending soon! Our room over looked the pool and the ocean and was kept spotelessly clean, in room wifi is available but at a fee with only 1 hour or 1 day packages available nothing on offer at better value if you are staying a week or more. The pool area is great and despite it being high season sunbeds were always available. Our main dissapointment with this property was the service which varied massively, the hotel is clearly marketing itself (and pricing drinks/food etc) to the Asian golfer market and as such has employed staff who speak other asian languages, this left most westerners explaining themselves 3 to 4 times in english to be understood, orders were often taken down wrong. The other area of dissapointment was the food, whilst on the whole it was good it was certainly not spectacular and a couple of meals arrived cold (and this was in thier award wining cerdana restaurant) with no service recovery from the staff.This hotel is off the beaten track and there is very little to do in the local area, great for golf or relaxing with a book but not for the traveller seeking plenty to do, in the evenings it is extreamly quiet. We will go back to Bali for sure but as for the Le Meridien then we will probably give it a miss next time as other hotels offer more for your money.

Excellence in Miami! (Didn't think it was possible) I usually go to Miami a few times a year. For some reason I have never stayed at the FS, I have to ask myself why?Having stayed at the Conrad next door and several hotels in South Beach I can say this is the best i have experienced in Miami. (Although i have not stayed at the Mandarin Oriental)The hotel is lovely. The lobby and particularly the Botero sculptures are magnificant.We stayed in a premier bay view room - Great views of the bay, well executed color scheme and the usual tasteful FS bathroom. If you have a choice get a bay view room. Looking back at the city is not great. Much of Miami downtown is a construction site.Service was excellent. Everyone remembered and pronounced my rather long last name. The restaurant Aqua is pretty good. My mother is a vegetarian- they had no trouble accommodating her requests. The wine list is good and reasonable for a FS.The pool area is well designed and landscaped. The staff is attentive.There is one downside. If you stay here have a car. There is nothing to do downtown that you can walk to. Shop and eat in south beach walk around on lincoln road but stay here.

Average business hotel- Good value I was in town for Art Basel and couldn't get a place in South Beach. Downtown is really a ghost town but it was a nice change from the crush of people in SOBE. We were upgraded to a residence basically a suite with a kitchenette. Nice Molton Brown products. Huge marble bath and good light in the rooms.I did find the living room furniture to be a little IKEAesque but not terrible.This is a business hotel - not a luxury hotel. Not nearly in the class of a Four Seasons or Mandarin Oriental.The Staff was friendly to us, not especially professional perhaps more training would be in order but none of them had Miamitude I would stay there again if I had discount corporate rates.

3.8 out of (Four) Seasons The problem with the FS - SF is that it is a hard comparison to the other properties in the chain. I expect perfection when i stay.We spent 4 nights this past weekend. Our flight was delayed - we arrived at 2 am. Our room was ready (really thank goodness) The front desk man told us that we had a premier room. I am not sure what was premier about it.(we did have a view of market st ). For a FS the room was not large. Color scheme was neutral (a little too neutral) and the artwork on the walls was sparse. Furniture was a tiny bit worn. All these things could be overlooked at almost any other chain.The bathroom was as usual lovely. Four seasons always is the benchmark in hotel bathrooms.The public rooms are delightful. Beautifully decorated with original artworks (not all to my taste -but money was spent on it). Food at the restaurant and room service was excellent.Service was very good. My boyfriend called the concierge to find a wine store in Berkeley- 15 minutes later an envelope with directions was under our door.The location couldn't be beat. I will be staying at the FS the next time but next time with more realistic expectations.

Modern, sleek St. Regis My friends and I stayed at the St Regis over a weekend in July. My boyfriend and I returnd the following weekend for one night.On arrival the staff couldn't be any better. Our butler escorted us to our floor, gave us water bottles and demonstrated all the technology in our room.One minor point is that on our return weekend we were asked if we ever stayed there before. It seems that someone should have noted that we were there the previous week.Decor is by far the best i have experienced in a San Francisco hotel. I stayed at the four seasons and was disappointed at the lack of attention paid to the minor details. Not so at the St Regis, the bathrooms were well thought out, i particularly liked the ability to open the doors to the room from the tub.I loved the bath products- Remede SPA-. It gives the already generous room a bigger feel. In series 14 rooms the bathroom layout seems not to allow the door to the toilet to close fully- a minor flaw. Materials were excellent. Leather lined hallways and marble floors felt luxurious.The room was fairly large, the bed was comfortable. Pratesi sheets were a nice touch as was the chaise lounge next to the window.The automated blinds and the control panel are meant to wow but were mostly unnecessary.The lobby was not large but i liked the dark woods and the wall of fire. Food in Vitrine was good and the waitstaff pleasant.All around an excellent city property and on my next trip to SF i will stay at the St Regis.

Stay here if you get a good rate I am surprised at the number of glowing reviews of this property.I stayed for 1 night last weekend and found the hotel to be of average quality. Nothing was awful but nothing was really great.We had a corner room on the 10th floor. Check in was good - took only a minute or so. The elevator carpets were dirty and the public areas were not decorated in any special way.Our room had great light and good views. The bed was comfortable but a little soft. Sofitel's bed is touted but i don't really care for the duvet only. The management puts out a note saying they are changed daily.The bathroom had a seperate shower tub combo but there were uneven paint marks on the ceiling and a little wear on the trim.You could see some mildew in the shower. The velvet curtains felt a little dusty as did the carpet.We had room service. It arrived promptly but the quality of the food was average. I am not sure how this hotel scores above the Four Seasons in Georgetown. If you want true luxury stay there (in a renovated room).I will stay at the Sofitel again but only if i get a sub $180 a night rate.

Prime Location My girlfriend found the Chancellor through TripAdvisor, and after looking at a few other places, she and I decided this was the place for us. After our stay in late March, early April, we are not disappointed. The hotel was clean, the staff was nice (willing to help with whatever we asked - be it directions, advice, etc), and the location is excellent for access to the cable cars, buses, Chinatown, the financial district, and of course, Union Square. There is a coffee shop next door, and a Walgreens just up the block. We bought our MUNI pass at the desk (the 3 day pass was the best for us). The rooms are small, but not tight. You have a large closet, a comfortable bed, and you can even pick from a number of pillow types (down, fiber, poly, buckwheat, bead, etc) at no extra cost (I've never seen this before - and it was a nice feature). We couldn't get the internet to work for us, but that wasn't really an issue since 1) we didn't need to get online much and 2) they have a computer/printer in the lobby for your use. The staff worked to get our computer up and running on their wireless (and would have done more if we had wanted). All in all, the cost of the hotel is not the cheapest in town, but the value is very high due to location, amenities, and the overall price-point of everything in SF. If we don't stay here again, it would only be because we wanted to try another part of town - we have no complaints about the hotel.

Not loving the Grand Marina Our second time in Barcelona, previously we had stayed at the H10 Montcada and quite enjoyed it. This time around we got what we thought was a great deal and chose to stay on the water. We're still here as I write this, but are thinking of cutting our reservation short perhaps to take a train to explore more of Spain.I can see why those about to board a ship would choose this hotel, as it's literally on the pier where you would board your ship.The hotel design is cool and contemporary, but this is where the love stops.It's the little things that are driving me nuts. Our room in on the 7th floor (of 8) and we've got a great view with a little tiny balcony that looks out to the city. I really liked this until night came and the winds changed. The sliding doors to the balcony don't seem to close correctly, so you get this sporadic wind shrieking as you try to sleep. Perhaps this is something that only happens in the winter?The temperature controls in the room seem useless. No matter how I set it, it seems to jump back to 20 Celsius.The only clock in the room is actually part of the flat panel TV. Once you shut off the TV, the clock can no longer be seen.We were welcomed on arrival with a small plate of chocolates and some bottled water. Lovely. But for a 5-star luxury hotel, it would be nice if they would drop off a bottle of water every day. The only alternative is the min-bar's teeny-tiny 330ML bottles - that cost 4 Euros each.We had wine glasses in the room on the first day as well, but those seem to have disappeared.I'm dying to find out what happens with the bathroom amenities today. We don't seem to be getting anything replenished and are down to one tiny bar of soap that we keep passing between the shower and the sink. It literally feels like the hotel is saying - you've used up your allotment, time to check out.On the bright side, we did partake in the morning buffet on our second day (not included in our package). It was really lovely. But unless you're boarding a cruise ship, or maybe if it's the middle of summer; I'd choose differently.

Nice hotel Not a bad hotel. Rooms were nice. We unfortunately had a room that looked out on an office building rather than the harbor. They didn't seem to make the most of their location.Walking along the promenade about ten minutes you'll come across the major Intercontinental, which is another hotel. That's the one to choose if you can get a similar price. That location had some awesomeviews from their public spaces.The Grand Stanford has a nice lobby and a good breakfast buffet - though if you choose to go a la carte with a menu option, expect to wait a long time. The staff doesn't seem to handle non-buffet diners very well.The Tiffany's bar, on property, has good atmosphere and good drinks.A big plus for the Grand Stanford was that our room was available forextremely early check-in. Coming from California after hours and hours of flying, this was a huge plus.

Delightful Hotel! We had a very pleasant 2-night stay at the Kras. Situated on Dam Square opposite the Palace, it was a prime location. Bus and tram stops are right across the street, so it was easy to get anywhere. The hotel itself was inviting from the lobby onward. We arrived early in the day, yet a room was ready for us. It was clean and well appointed. The business center was handy, and the front desk staff was pleasant and eager to serve. We would stay again if the occasion arose.

Excellent Hotel! Room is large and includes free wifi and minibar

fantastic hotel I went to Barcelona last year with a group of mates and we stay at the vincci arena for 4 night. This is great hotel, very clean and rooms beautifully decorated. The staff were very friendly and i could,nt ask for more. Location very good and metro only round the corner. For value and quality this hotel is very good.

will not be back My wife and i stayed here for 2 weeks, we chosae this hotel as it had a great location opposite hyde park. The location was great 10 minutes walk to darling harbour and circular quay 15 minutes walk. It does have a fair enough pool and jacuzzi on roof top. The 2 bedroom apartment which we had is in need of complete reservation and had pictures that were out in the 80,s that is probably the last time it had been refurbished. The reception are is so bare with grubby carpet and lacks athmosphere. That area of oxford street is not the safest at night, sa a few incidence that were quite frighting. There is good leisure centre beside austrailia museum and the convict museum is worth a visit.A bit of care and attention would lift this hotel to a decent place to stay

Great but expensive stay We stayed at hotel Bijou for three nights when we first arrived in het USA. To our surprise the hotel was, although very centrally located, easy to find by car from the airport. There is no parking place at the hotel it self so you can choose from valet parking to other local parking places. Either way it costs al lot of money (expect 24-29 USD per 24 hours). That was the only downside.The hotel is very centrally located and a perfect start to explore San Francisco. The rooms are small but clean. The staff is very friendly and helpfull. We left very early ( 06:00 am)at the last day and we could make our own breakfast to take with us. Breakfast is good but simple.If you're looking for an average but very central accomodation don't hesitate.

Love this place We found an offer to stay here for and now I love this place! Ok, the rooms are a little small and the bathrooms don't have a lock but these are minor grumbles. The decor is cool, staff really friendly, rooms are comfortable and quiet and the bar serves good bourbon. What more can you want? Oh, and the locations is fantastic- 5 minutes from the tube and all you need to do to reach the bars of Old Street is fall out of bed. Also, you get Pret breakfast delivered to your room in the morning, which is a nice touch. Can't wait to stay here again.

By Singapore Standards... Pretty Bad I know Singapore hotels like the back of my hand. I have stayed dozens of times in Singapore, in just about every 5 star hotel on the island (and even Sentosa!). I am amazed that Sheraton Towers is so high on the popularity index. I have stayed here about 6 times over the past few years, and have always been disappointed. The only reason I stay here is that the sales staff are very slow at putting up their rates when big conferences are on, which means the Sheraton can be an absolute bargain when other nearby hotels triple their prices.There are two main problems:1. The rooms are small and antiquated by Singapore standards. They are not even in the same ball park as what is on offer at just about every other 5* hotel (e.g. Conrad, Grand Hyatt etc.). The bathroom is tiny and again very old. In all honesty, I have seen better rooms at a 3* Holiday Inn.2. The service is consistently poor, from the front desk, to the concierge, to the room service staff. They just do not care and it shows. The ony friendly person is the guy who opens the door, and he was only friendly to return-guests who he recognised. He completely ignored me when I said hello to him.The only thing the Sheraton does as good as the competition is its breakfast buffet which is out of this world.Overall, I am perplexed as to why people stay at this hotel. Particularly considering it is as expensive if not more expensive than much better nearby hotels. Even Starwood know it is not up to scratch - this hotel was booted out of Starwood's Luxury Collection a few years ago!If you want this area and a name-brand hotel - stay at the Grand Hyatt just down the road. I've stayed there many times, it's much better than the Sheraton.

Great location, fine hotel We arrived on saturday for a three-days trip in Madrid. Since this was our first time there, we loved the absolute central location of the Best Western Atlantico hotel: in the city center, near the Palace, a few steps away from other touristic areas, we could not find a better place to stay in Madrid.When we checked in, we specifically asked for a room with a view on the street. Based on other reviews on TripAdvisor, we knew that some rooms were built towards a very small brick wall. The map for emergency exit that is displayed in the room made it clear to us that this choice was the good choice. However, you should know that the Municipal Police is very much active in this part of the town, which means that you hear a lot of sirens at any hours on the day or the night. If you care about not being disturbed while sleeping, you should definitively choose a room not facing the street, as this will probably inconvenient you. Also, we booked originally a smoking room. Since none matched the facing the street criteria, we were given a non-smoking room, and were told that this room was equipped with ashtrays, as were all rooms in the hotel. We were kindly asked to smoke on the (small) balcony. We didn't, as we chose to smoke outside the room as to not disturb other guests that would use the room after us, but the policy of the hotel might be worth noticing if you are somehow sensible to the odor of tobacco.The room we booked was a standard room. We were not expecting something big, and we got exactly that. The door opened directly to the bed room (no corridor, the bath room is located on the other end of the room). However, it was comfortable enough to say the we spent two wonderful nights in this hotel. The bed was not too soft, nor too hard: exactly as we wanted it to feel.After we were done with unpacking, we took the elevator up to the hotel bar, located on the ninth floor. Unfortunately, it was not yet opened: the bar is available only from 3pm to 1am (if we remember correctly). We managed to get back to the place when it was opened; the view is not as great as some suggested here (because two many uninteresting buildings on the other side of the street) however the free coffee (you can choose either filter coffee of espresso; we chosed espresso and did not regret it) and the nice weather managed to balance this inconvenient.One thing worth to note is that the booklet left inside the room indicates that you can get a free coffee from the room service at any hour of the day or night. This is a lie, as we learnt by dialing the number shown on the document: the only way to have a coffee is to move to the hotel bar, when it is open.Last but not least, the breakfast was typical from a 3* or 4* hotel. For person, you get a typical breakfast buffet. Worth to notice is that, although you get your coffee from an automated coffee machine, you can have either filter coffee or espresso. For the price, you also have fresh orange juice; but you have no hot chocolate. If you plan to have breakfast at the hotel, I recommend that you taste the kiwis: those that I eat there were from the most tasty and juicy that I experienced in the last few years.All in all, this hotel is typically not the best hotel down town (it is probably overrated in TripAdvisor, unless ranking reflects the quality over price ratio). Although I can give you a list of better 3* or 4* hotels in the world, the location and friendliness of the staff of the Best Western Atlantico makes it so that I would without hesitation recommend this hotel to anyone that is going to visit Madrid. In three days, we could see a lot of sites, do some shopping, drink and eat without ever using the metro once. At (booked through Expedia), this is probably the best deal we could find here.

The best place to stay in Venice! View from the room

Great place to stay Stayed in the hotel for three nights with the other half recently.Rooms:The rooms are large by european standards and have two double beds even when you book for two adults only.Accessibility:Ten minuters from schipol.Take the stoptrein from Schipol and get off at RAI Amsterdam.Come out of the station and turn right and right again at the corner of the building you pass next.Its a less than 3 minute walk to the hotel.To go into town take the GVB tram line 4.Retrace the route to RAI station ....you will pass the Drentepark station (50 meters from the RAI....and the origin point of line 4 and therefore always easy to get seats for the 15 minute ride into the city.)Location:In the industrial section of Amsterdam.....therefore not too many restaurants around ....food at the hotel is expensive.... but plenty of restaurants enroute to the city centre on line 4Overall:Absolutely no complaints and a great place to stay

An excellent value without sacrificing We checked almost all of the hotel reviews for Mexico City on this and other sites, and felt we could not ignore the enthusiam of others for such a modestly-priced hotel.The location is great, the hotel was clean and the staff helpful. Even my reservation was there, although the confirmation of it was not as clear as we wished.Our two night stay was flawless, and the desk personnel happy to make reservations, call cabs, provide directions and maps and all ot the other things that make a visit nice.

Very good experience Pros: My wife and I stayed here during our visit to LA and had a very good time. The staff was friendly and helpful, our room had as good a view as possible from a 4-story building, but the best perk is the location. The proximity to the beach and nice eating places was really convenient (the French cafe a block away was quite good). The complementary breakfast at the courtyard, and Internet, and the cheap parking ($4) were also great. Cons: The room size was okay, it was sunny and painted bright, but the bath was small and cramped. Also, the room rates (we paid $200/night) were a little high in my opinion, given the amenities.Overall: Very positive experience, but a little too expensive. Would definitely consider this next time we're in west LA, but would look around first for some other alternatives as well.

Nice hotel We spent 55 euro for 2 people for 1 night (on internet). The room was very spacious and cleanly. The position is near the city of Edam and Volendam. The breakfast wasn't included.

Wonderful Stay My wife and I stayed here on our honeymoon for 2 nights in early March and had a great stay.I had booked a room at another hotel on hotels.com on Jan. 6th though. Then 4 days before we were to start our honeymoon in San Fran., hotels.com send me an e-mail to say they had to change my reservation from a hotel downtown to a hotel at the airport. I rufused and was given a refund and no hotel. There was a huge 30,000 person convention in town at the same time so all the hotels were full. I got lucky though and was able to book a bay view room at The Argonaut. This was the best thing that could of happened to us! This place was amazing! We arrived at the hotel around 12:30pm and were able to check in right away! The staff were all so nice and called us by name whenever they saw us. The room was amazing! We had a beautiful view of Alcatraz Island and could even see the golden gate. Internet worked great and the TV was fine. It's not a big fancy TV, but we didn't fly all the way to San Fran. to watch TV anyway. What made our stay so great was the concierge. There was a wonderful young lady there that recommended 2 wonderful resturants for dinners and an amazing dim sum resturant for lunch. We enjoyed San Fran. way more then we ever thought we would and we owe that to The Argonaut Hotel and there staff. We can't wait to come visit again.

Great Hotel, Great Staff....... Great City!!! Booked a 6 night break at the Sofitel through their website after receiving my Sofitel privilege card, we chose this hotel mainly because of the great reviews on this site and we were not disappointed. Right from the start all of the staff were very friendly and could not do enough to help you, especially Randy the Doorman, who would go out of his way to help you whenever he could.The room we had was a premier queen and whilst it the largest room in New York it was big enough, very well equipped and very well decorated. Also has a medium sized bathroom, which had a large shower, but a small and shallow bathtub.The hotel is ideally located for exploring the city whether you want shopping on 5th Avenue, Times Square or access to the subway system. I would highly recommend this hotel. If you are planning on staying here I suggest applying for a privilege card first as this gives you complimentary late check out and also 1 free drink per person from the bar.... Not to be sniffed at, at hotel bar prices!!

Another great stay! We stayed at the Carofftel Gobelins in 2006 for nine days and enjoyed it very much. This stay was only for three days, but we found that everything was still the same. The owner/manager, Christine Caroff, is friendly and helpful. The rooms, while not large, are adequate and very clean; the location is good, with Metro and bus links close by; and it is only a short walk in any direction to find good restaurants. The hotel's breakfast is very good, buffet style, and the price is less than what you would pay outside the hotel. We have walked, at a 'tourist' pace from the hotel to the Eiffel Tower (that covers most of the sights on the Left Bank) in about an hour and a half. This hotel has everything that the traveller is looking for: clean rooms, good food, reasonable price, great location, and friendly staff. We hope to return to the Carofftel Gobelins again.

Thanks Gran Bahia Just got back from the Gran Bahia Principe in Punta Cana. We were part of a large wedding, and we were part of the Club Golden package. With having read recent poor reviews of the Gran Bahia, my wife and I thought we should come to the defense of this awesome resort. The rooms, the grounds, and the facilities are immaculate and clean. We were very pleased not only with the a la carte restaurants, but the buffets as well. But above all, the staff made our stay truly memorable. They were friendly and willing to go the extra mile to make our stay enjoyable. On our first day, we found the safe was inoperable. A technician was at our room within 10 minutes of our phone call being placed and fixed it within minutes. Great service.While we were there, we did see some folks upset about the smallest thing. The poor staff were shouted at and verbally abused. Please people, relax, you are not in your home country, things may not go as well as things back home, but your stay will be better if you relax.An example, we overheard staff getting reamed out from the smell from the storm drainage area (aka swamp). My gawd people, you are in the tropics. Relax!Our favourite a la carte was the Mediterranean, with a close 2nd the Brazilian.This is a very large resort, so if you want quaint and private this is not the resort for you. On the other hand the size offers, great restaurant selection, many pools, a large beach area, and lots of choices.The Dominican people are wonderful, friendly and obviously enjoy there work. Their pride shined thru!

Great Place Friendly Service Great Man

Great little place GREAT little hotel! Near ALL the major shopping and musums in Boston! The staff was friendly, the used-to-be moter inn and a certain charm about it, as I was scared it would be low-budget and nasty. To my great surprise it was charming and great. Beds were comfortable and bathroom worked fine.

Good location, good facilities not the best My sister and I stayed here over the Mardi Gras week-end. We stayed on a room and were given a room with a most stunning view over Hyde Park. The room was well furnished, well maintained and had some great extras such as micro wave and toaster. The beds were very comfortable with pillow tops on the mattresses great nights sleep! The bathroom had a huge tub and a great shower with lots of water pressure.The hotel is located next to the park, close to the major shopping centres was ideal for Mardi Gras, which runs down nearby Oxford Street. It has an amazing open air pool on the 23rd floor, surrounded by glass walls giving great views across Sydney.Service did, however, leave a great deal to be desired, The staff as naturally friendly as I have experienced elsewhere in Australia. A call to get an ice bucket and ice took 3 calls and still arrive before we left for the evening of apologies but just no desire to make things happen. are very busy this an excuse not a reason!!Probably would stay here again, but there are lots of great hotels in Sydney, and for top end prices you do want the

No better place to discover Sydney Quay Grand Suites across the harbour

Not too keen on the Sants I was staying on business, attending a conference at the Fira. From that perspective the location of the hotel is good - within an easy 10-15 minute of Placa Espanya - so no reliance on taxis or public transport. From the tourist's perspective the location isnt great as it isnt too near the majority of attractions. That said it is still pretty central and being right on top of Sants station makes for very easy access to the airport.In terms of decore the hotel is *very* tired, my room having seen much wear and tear. Beds are cheap and hard, not in a pleasantly firm way but with more of a cheap mattress with few springs vibe. My aircon worked, thought that of many of my fellow guests didnt, leading to perpetually freezing or baking rooms.There are many other hotels in Barcelona. I wouldnt recommend picking this one unless proximity to the Fira is your main criteria.

Fantastic location Friendly and comfortable hotel in a fantastic location - brilliant as a base for exploring the gothic quarter. Good views from the roof terrace too.

Great time at the Marriot Courtyard Ginza Lobby Lounge

Worst Hotel Experience Ever! My wife and I were mislead into thinking that Waikiki was a little city. Don't be fooled! Waikiki is a BIG city! The images mainlanders have of Hawaii are that of palm trees blowing gently in the breezes, this is not it! I live in the Los Angeles area and it felt way too close to home. My wife and I couldn't wait to leave Waikiki. As for Ohana East. I was given a room on the first floor eye level with the bus stop/hooker hangout. Yep, I said hooker hangout. I requested another room and was told by the staff that there were no other rooms available. And as for the buses, they run pretty regularly. Through most of the night. About 20 feet from the sliding glass door. It was aweful. My wife and I contacted Pleasant Holidays whom we have used a half dozen times before and they got us over to Kaui where the pace was just what we had hoped for. Relaxed. Point being if you live in a city and are flying anywhere from 5-10 hours to get away from the hustle and bustle, go to Maui away from Lahaina or for a rural really slow paced vacation head over to Kaui. Good times friends.

great value Fantastic value. Perfect location. We got a special via Travelocity at only $85 USD per night with $25 Canadian parking and it was truely a treat.The rooms are small, in fact, very small, as are the bathrooms but are well furnished. The kitchen won't prepare anything unless you can cook with a microwave but the fridge was large for a mini.King size beds and very comfortable. Quiet in all respects.The higher the floor the larger the room and the better the view. Our's was the 13th and it barely could see the lake. It goes up to over 40.Don't bring a car if you can avoid it. The limo service is free but requires an advance reservation, not always available. The subway is just next door and goes about wherever most tourist sites are.Grocery stores are nearby and fairly cheap. Go northeast, not south or west.The lobby and bar are great. Free newspaper.Highly recommended, especially if you get a prepaid deal as we did.

great location we had a great room here staff very frendley and helpfull good location #30 bus 1 block from hotel takes you most places down town

Bad first impression. My partner had secretly arranged with the staff to have a bottle of champagne, champagne glasses that were sent over from Bloomingdales, and two tux's to be in the room when we arrived. He even told them what time we were to arrive. Upon check in we were told our room might be ready, and I told them that's ok, we can check our bags, walk around and come back later. Instead, we were sent up to our room. This was simple...the front desk could have stalled by asking us to have a seat in the bar, but didn't. We got to our room it wasn't 30 seconds when the champagne arrived. The glasses tux's arrived some time later...seperatly... mind you, they had been sitting downstairs at the concierge all morning. We were given a verbal appology by the manager, but you can't undo something like that and expect it to be enough. They could have comped the champagne, but we didn't pursue it. I had high hopes for this property by reading all of the postings, but the hotel blew it for me big time.

Great Choice Stayed here on a Friday night. Had a week long conference downtown and a flight out Saturday morning. Very busy hotel, several banquets, etc. The hotel has two parking options, valet for $20, with unlimited in/out priveleges, and free self parking, in a garage, 50 yard walk from the entrance. Staff was excellent, from the valet, bellman, to check in, very smooth; waitstaff at dinner and breakfast was very professional. Hotel has five dining choices for dinner: room service, a steakhouse, sports bar, southwestern restaurant, and a 24 cafe. All seemed to be good choices. My room was on 13th floor, had view of runway, and balcony. Flat screen TV, and Granite and Marble shower were very nice. The bed was excellent as well. I think I was in a suite but for some reason I think all the rooms are large after the renovation. Breakfast buffet is better than average. $15 per person, but well worth it. Fitness center is open 24/7, but leaves much to be desired. At least it was free. Internet is $10 per day. Pictures on hotel's website are accurate. Nice Place, very convenient if using the airport. Probably to much of a hassle for anything outside of the airport complex.

Perfect for a visit to Madrid We really enjoyed our three night stay at the Mario. The rooms are small but adequate and, like the rest of the hotel, spotlessly clean. For us, the best points were the central location in a quiet street, the excellent breakfast and the friendly staff.Our room was at the back of the hotel, with a tiny window and no views but the compensation was the quietness, apart from some inconsiderate corridor noise. We had no problems with the bathroom which actually had a (very welcome) bath in it.Our favourite place to eat was the Museo del Jamon in Calle Mayor, where you can stand at the counter with the crowd of locals and have a drink and a sandwich or eat a hot meal upstairs in the equally packed cafeteria. Great atmosphere and reasonable prices.For a full restaurant meal, try La Vaquita Argentina, tucked in a corner of the Opera square - especially good for carnivores.If you fancy a change from standard Spanish beer, Naturbier in Plaza Santa Ana brew their own German style cloudy lager. Ask for a tostada and you will get a dark version. Very tasty.The Tourist Office in Plaza Mayor do a selection of guided walks in English, lasting about an hour for around 4 Euros. We did a couple and found them very good value.Room Mate Mario is a great hotel - book it now.

Great service We stayed at this hotel to mark a special occasion. We arrived early but the room was available. We were pleasantly surprised to receive an upgrade to a junior suite. The service provided at the desk was wonderful and this was followed up with a gift in the room.The hotel is older than some but has been beautifully decorated and has a warm comfortable feel.Location is very central for both business and pleasure travellers.All in all we could not fault the hotel or the wonderful service.

Amazing Personal service, amazing location, great rooms. I travel 40-60 days per year. Always on a expense account. Always for buisness. I usually only stay at Westins if I can.Great service matters. Quiet clean rooms matter. Nice beds and quietness matters.If all of this matters to you, then 41 Hotel is the right place for you.I had a wonderfull 3 day stay. They have complimentary food around the clock available. Honor bar in lounge and staff to attend your every need. Free internet.More like staying at a good friends house.I will be back when I return to London.

Not a typical W W is not as good as other W's in other cities. I have stayed at several and though the SF version is nice, I don't think it measures up to W standards.Pricey, so so location and SMALL rooms. A little dirty and compared to other W's, awkward.

Great Hotel, pricey but perfect I travel 50 days per year and staying in SFO there simply is no better place than the St. Francis. Although the prices for other stuff....food etc is high, the location coupled with the quietness and quality make this hotel the top. Close to the BART, in Union Square, on the Trolley line. Great Place.

C'est fantastique! This is the way Trip Advisor is supposed to work. My wife and I were looking for a good deal at a smaller hotel so we pulled up TA and, at the time, the Magda was #1 or #2 and it had a number of glowing reviews. We took other travelers' advice and it was exactly what we expected. Yohann (and the others at the front desk) was extremely helpful and made some outstanding recommendations for dinners and nightlife. If you are like us and would rather spend more money on actiivties and great meals than you would on the hotel, but still need a clean, safe place to sleep, this hotel is perfect.

pleasant stay at JW Marriott I am very tardy in recording this experience, which occured in late March of this year. The hotel is well-placed for getting around in the city by any means, and we felt quite comfortable in the Union Square area. The corner room near the top of the hotel was superb, as was the housekeeping staff. Despite construction being present, the staff made efforts to not allow it to be an impediment to our 5 day stay. The consierge staff was mistaken on their suggestions/ directions a few times, and provided out-dated information. At this hotel, we were very near excellent restaurants, shopping, and transportation within blocks of the hotel. American Airlines lived up to its reputation for tarnishing an otherwise enjoyable vacation in a beautiful hotel with a great staff.

Good hotel Good hotel on a good location. Very close to Place de CataluniaStayed here for 3 days with the company I work for and would definitely go back next time..Reason why the hotel doesn't get 5 stars is because of the bar personel. The guy behind the bar was not friendly, quite rude even. Prices are quite high as well...Should you go to Barca I would definitely recommend Club Opium in Barceloneta! Great Spot to have dinner and to go clubbing afterwards

Puzzled Usually we read up on hotels before we book. This time we got a very late deal and did it backwards. The negativity of some reviews made us very apprehensive -but -Only just got back on line since we returned. This is the first time we have posted on Trip Advisor because,even if we disagree, we can usually see where people are coming from. Not here though!.Sunbeds on the beach. Some naughtiness in booking late at night. My wife joined a get up and see the sunrise ad hoc group. If people are that keen so be it. Perhaps the hotel could manage the situation a little better.The shows we never saw. 10pm is very late when you get up before dawn!.Ann has mobility problems but we were given a groundfloor room close to the beach and we didn't find getting around much of a problem. Our room we rated up to standard for the area (our 15th holiday this way in recent years).We rated the buffet excellent for all three meals, even made a point of complimenting the Chef. Only been impressed enough to do that on one previous occasion!. Drinks with meals and service never a problem.The beach buffet was the best we have come across yet. We discovered this on day three and lunched there for the rest of the fortnight.We enjoyed all the speciality restaurants, especially the Oriental. The Steakhouse, I suspect should be called the Grill. Give it a miss if you like big portions. We rated it a pleasant change.Almost throughout we found the service to be excellent. Having read some complaints on this, we started to look for evidence. Found none. I spent some time at all of the bars (as one does on holiday!). Impressed with how all of the bartenders tried to serve guests in order and remain cheerful and polite.On the last night we had a disturbing problem. We thought it a pity that the hotel should let itself down at the 11th hour so on the following morning we informed the management of our concerns. In the couple of hours it took us to pack, the incident was investigated and comprhensive explanation was given - including steps the hotel had taken to prevent a recurrence. Very impressed.We like to try new hotels. Have only done repeats to one in this area before but we will be looking to return to this one.

Soulless We were looking forward to staying here based on the hotel website and pictures displayed there. We booked a superior room and would recommend doing so based on some of the previous reviews. Our room was fairly large and came with stylish lighting and decorated with a modern theme. Breakfast was good with a large selection although the layout of the table can mean that this can be an impersonal affair. The location of the hotel is ok and a easy walk along the river takes you to the Ponte Vecchio and all of the Florence sites.The staff were not great and one day we arrived back at 3.30pm to find the room had not been serviced, however a quick call to reception fixed this. Overall a nicely decorated hotle but let down by the staff and lack of character to the place.

Great Location!!!! We stayed at the Renaissance Hollywood for the final 3 nights of our honeymoon. Check in was very swift and efficient and we had a room on the 16th floor (i had requested a room with a good view) with a tremendous view of the hills and the famous 'HOLLYWOOD' sign. We would sit and admire the view in a morning and evening. The room itself was large, light and airy and very clean. Tea/coffee facilites were useful. The main attraction of the hotel is its location, right on Hollywood Boulevard with the walk of fame, chinese theatre, El Capitan theatre, Kodak theatre and other tourist sites. The centre is part of the Hollwood and Highland complex with plenty of dining and shopping available. In terms of dining, the hotel restaurant was excellent and reasonably priced and was probably our best meal whilst staying there. We happened to be there whilst the 'Love Guru' premiere was on so caught a glimpse of Mike Myers as he went in to the chinese theatre. The following evening Warren Beatty was at the Kodak Theatre so no shortage of star spotting opportunities.The hotel is also well located for public transport as it is a 2 minute walk to the top of the metro red line, one stop from Universal Studios (we spent a day there and thoroughly enjoyed it) and a simple bus ride to Beverly hills and Santa Monica/Venice (be prepared for an hours ride on the 704). With more time we would have also gone on one of the tour buses and visited some more sights.

Great Hotel After reading several reviews of hotels in Waikiki we decided to stay at the Hotel Renew.In short we would agree with all of the previous reviews for this hotel. We had a room on the 7th floor with a fabulous ocean view, the only downside is that you also overlook the Outrigger Waikiki. From checking in to checking out the staff at the hotel went out of their way to make our stay as pleasant as possible. Chilled juice and wet towel on check in, champagne in the room (we were celebrating our honeymoon). We were upgraded to a Premier room which we were delighted about. One unexpected bonus was the free newspapers in the morning and complimentary continental breakfast, coffee/tea/juice and pastries/muffins were more than enough for us. Leonor Wong, the executive housekeeper, was on hand in the morning to ensure everything was running smoothly and help advise on any queries. We had an early check out on the day we were leaving and the hotel provided us with fruit and some chocolates on our departure since we would miss breakfast. The hotel itself is an oasis of calm after the hustle and bustle that is Waikiki. The lobby is styled in a very modern way and was getting new front doors whilst we were there. The rooms are all very comfortable with modern lighting, flat screen tv etc and are wonderful having just been refurbished. There is no restaurant but you have the pick of the Waikiki hotels all within easy walking distance. Of the ones we ate in the Moana Surfrider was our favourite. The location of the hotel is at the south end of Waikiki, one block back from the beach. There is an ABC store next to the hotel entrance, bus stop around the corner.We used the bus to visit Pearl Harbour and the USS Amazon memorial, this is easy to do and is only a single bus ride but be prepared for a long journey. We also rented a car for the day to explore the rest of the island - Dole plantation, the Polynesian Cultural Centre and North Shore are worth visiting.

It's gotten cheaper -- in more ways than one This was the seventh of the last eight Christmases at the Hilton Hawaiian Village's upscale Ali'i Tower. It was more economical, but the service plain and simply wasn't what it has been in previous years.The room itself was fine and scenic. I asked in advance for an upgrade to Ocean View Ali'i from Partial Ocean View Ali'i, and it was waiting on arrival. Also asked for a quiet room, and it was that, too. Room itself was fine, and the view of the Pacific from the 12th Floor for a retireee rate of $269 a night plus tax, including free hors d'oerves poolside each night, and (with my Hilton Gold membership) free continental breakfast, was in my opinion a good bargain. Also got a complimentary fresh fruit amenity plate on arrival.The price had dropped twice since I booked it in March -- Hilton didn't tell me this, but when I saw it on their website I rebooked it each time. Considering the category -- Ocean View Honolulu Beach Resort at Christmas -- I have no complaints about price.So, what's the problem?Mainly, housekeeping and service. Specifically, little things that were omitted. When you read this list, it will seem petty, but remember, the Ali'i Tower is supposed to be the upscale tower of the Hilton (Ali'i means elite in Hawaiian). Earlier this decade they used to have a fancy-white-uniform doorman at the tower door, and they serviced rooms three times daily (that was overkill, I admit -- even a bother-- but it shows how seriously they USED to take service. But now, no doorman, once-a-day housekeeping, and, my gripes: *No laundry/dry clean bags in the holder provided for them. *No ice bag liners for the ice buckets two nights out of five. *TV remote that wouldn't work, and when I called Guest Service Hotline rang so long it went to a recording. Finally got a human to take the TV trouble call, but then no one showed up and I had to call again. *Forgot to leave regular coffee packets the last day, only decaf.*Hilton bedside chocolates only one night out of five.*Poolside continental breakfast had now gone over $20 for those who weren't Gold members, the fresh-produce quality seemed to have declined, and they had switched to disposable plates and dishes, and plastic utensils.Is it still a decent hotel? Yes.Is it a good bargain? It certainly can be if you book carefully, and keep checking back. Sure was for me.Is it the luxury deluxe tower it used to be? Absolutely not.

Great Hotel, Superb Location Swiss Dutch flags mark hotel, cash machine on corner

Great Location and Service Room 601

Very nice hotel Stayed for three nights 14-17th. Booked on package with Eurostar their move to St Pancras. For anyone coming up from the South of England it's a pain. Beautiful building, but not a patch on Waterloo for ease of use. A most user unfriendly place with lousy sign-age. Thank goodness the staff are obliging.Anyway, back to the hotel. Excellent location in the centre of the Opera district of Paris. However, taxi driver didn't know where it was. After many about turns, and reversing after going down a one way street the wrong way, he found it. (Not in the same league as London cabbies).Very welcoming and helpful English speaking staff. Size of room was average with fair sized wardrobe with built-in safe. Good sized dressing table with drawers for storage. Very comfortable bed, but only one armchair. Good range of international programmes on TV with speaker in bathroom.Very clean and well appointed bathroom, with bath, with fixed and hand held shower overhead. Good range of toiletries. Towels and sheets changed daily.Heating only by air conditioning unit. Very quiet, but if fan turned off, no heating. But with outdoor temperatures at around c, rooms held heat well, except for our friends on the top (6th) floor. No kettle or welcome tray, but 24hr room service for light meals and snacks. The included continental breakfast arrangement was very nice, with a good range of food to choose from.The only problem, was a horrible smell on entering our room on the fifth floor. It was either the drains or the air-con. Not bad enough to spoil our stay, but would have asked for a change of room had we stayed any longer. To be fair, Paris can be a pretty smelly place anyway. I often wondered why Parisians are so keen on smoking fowl smelling cigarettes and eating so much garlic. It covers a multitude of sins.

Terrific Value The Excelsior isn't fancy but has a lot going for it. It is accross the street from the main train station in Frankfurt and has great breakfasts. The staff was pleasant and gave us a break by letting us into our room well before check-in. The rooms were clean and the price was affordable.

Loved the rooms and hospitality I had read great reviews on Harbour Plaza HK and that's why I decided to stay here. And I have to say I was not dissapointed.The Hotel has a great location (in Hong Hum area), 5 mins from Kowloon Bay which is like a centre for most of the activities in HP HK has one of the best views of HK frm the lobby itself. Wait till you check in to your rooms. I was living there with my family for 2 days and all of us had a good time.The restaurants are quite expensive and if with family u can always eat out. Nevertheless, there are plenty of shops outsid ein the market and convenience stores so eating out is never a problem.The conceirge was particularly very helpful in telling us directions and modes of travel etc.The Door people happened to be of my nationality hence finding special cuisine restaurants and places to shop was very convenient.All in all, we had a great time and would love to stay at HP next time we are in HK.

Perfect location We stay 3 nights at la residenza. Rooms are very clean. The owner of the hotel was a nice old lady. Her son luciano was also nice and helpful. We feel us like at home. The hotel is in the centre of firenze. Very close to restaurants, city center and nice stores. (Prada is across the street, cartier is under the hotel, all famous brands are in the same street) I ll definitely stay in this hotel in my next trip.

Excellent Mont Blanc Great location. Literally 5 mins ( I timed it) from Placa Catalunya, and the Aerobus terminal outside El Corte Ingles. Good sized room at rear - nice and quiet . Good sized bathroom and plenty of storage space, all spotlessly clean. Breakfast is an extensive cold buffet and dinner is based on a daily menu and a rather limited seasonal menu. We had dinner twice and found it to be excellent.Breakfast is 7 to 11 a.m. -very civilised ! ! .as is the 12 noon checkout. There is secure luggage storage for late departures. All the staff were friendly and helpful from reception to porters. We would definitely use the Mont blanc again.

Great start to our honeymoon! This place is great. We stayed here for the first week of our honeymoon and couldn't have asked for anything more. The staff even gave us a bottle of champagne to help celebrate!We got a corner room with a sofa in and a huge bed. It was very clean and tidy, as was the bathroom - although it seems most American hotels have tiny baths in them!!The Cortez restaurant downstairs is of an exceptional standard and we had some very pleasant meals there - followed by some equally pleasant cocktails.The hotel is situated extremely close to Union Square so is really handy for the shops and for the cable cars on Powell Street that will take you all the way up to Fisherman's Wharf. Having read some reviews for this hotel on Tripadvisor and other sites I was initally worried about it's close proximity to the Tenderloin with it's slightly dodgy reputation, but there was really nothing to worry about once we got there.As part of your stay at the Adagio you'll get 15 minutes of free internet access either wirelessly or on one of the hotel's business centre PCs.If you do stay here make sure you make the effort to go to Dottie's True Blue Cafe around the corner. Awesome!All in all we had a great week at a great hotel and it was everything we could have hoped for.

Quick access from Terminal E After a 8 hour intercontinental flight it's nice to have a clean, comfortable hotel at hand.Hilton Logan airport is such a hotel.Quick, sufficient check in.Upgraded room without asking (as a Hilton Honors gold member).Pool/sauna/steamroom OK.Breakfast buffet average. Free transportation to subway was efficient. Pick up from subwaystation after request by telephone was quickly.Quit room, no noise from planes.

OK to stay The Amsterdam Ramada has a good location. Near Central station. Public transport right in front of hotel. Lobby and restaurant recently refubished. Modern design. Good italian coffees!Rooms are small but efficient for 3 stars. The bed I slept in need to be replaced. When you have a room at the back of the hotel than take a look out the window. Surprise! You think you are in the red light district. Youre not, but some of the girls have there red window in this street.Overall OK. Nice breakfast buffet. Not overpriced pp. Book the room on there website. I booked a special offer at an agent and turned out to pay more than on there website.

Brand new Hotel - Airport location Brand new hotel (opened 1 week ago) in the airport area.Modern style hotel. Nice rooms. Standard rooms - no bahttub - no minibar. Very comfy beds! Nice flat LCD screen.Hotel looks a bit sterile. But everybody was very helpful and friendly.Buffetbreakfast is worth the cost of 20 euro.Airport shuttle is free from airpo to hotel. Return cost 5 euro.Public transport to Amsterdam city center. Walk about 15/20 min. to tram stop (ask reception for direction) Take tram nr. 1 to city center (about 25 min. to Leidseplein)4 star hotel. So no fuss like a pool, sauna etc.Stay was above average. Looks promising for the future. Hope they keep the pricelevel.Now euro 99/night.Hotel is isolated. No nothing, no shops, no restaurant in the near distance. So buy your drinks, snacks or whatever in the city or at the airpo.Or from the vendingmachines or bar or restaurant in the hotel of course.

Beautiful BCN We stayed 3 nights at this nice design hotel. Mainly spanish and british guests.Quick check-in. We paid a good + 7% tax for a double room incl. breakfast.Room was quiet, very clean, but smaller than most rooms in a 4 star categorie. Maybe because spanish people are overall smaller than north european people the room and bathroom are a bit smaller than average.But furniture, cleanliness are OK.Breakfast: cold meats, cheese, assortement rolls, fresh fruit,eggs, sausage, bacon, cereals, danish rolls, toast, juices. All from a buffet.The hotel is in a residential area, only 5 min. walk from metro station Hospital Clinic. From there good connections to the center of BCN.In the neigberhood are very few restaurants. So you have to dine in the hotel or find a restaurant further away.When you walk up to the Hospital Clinic station you pass a nice supermarket. (about 200 mtr. from hotel) Skip the hotel minibar and buy your drinks, snacks in the supermarket. Specially mineral water because spanish tapwater has lots of chlorine.

Average hotel, at best. We arrived Thursday evening for a three night stay after a trip to Las Vegas and were greeted by more noise in the lobby than anything Las Vegas had to offer ! The bar on the ground floor resembles an after match booze up and appeared to be patronised solely by non-resident young Bostonians. Friday and Saturday evenings were exactly the same and therefore there is nowhere in the hotel for residents to sit and have a quiet relaxing drink.We had an executive corner best view room on floor eight which was tiny even by US standards. The view on all sides was straight into occupied office buildings and the bathroom ( shower room ! ) had a clear view window which meant the blind had to be down whilst the bathroom was in use. The bathroom was large but poorly designed without a bath although more than adequate space existed.We breakfasted once at the hotel and the food and service was adequate but nothing special. Although the printed bill for breakfast said service was not included an additional rubber stamp in red highlighting this fact was stamped on top of the bill - how thoroughly naff !We paid $565 per night to stay here which seems absolute top dollar and the booking was made on the hotel's website.Whilst the location is good for walking around the shopping district, the hotel staff were friendly and helpful, the bed and bedding were extremely comfortable, my wife and I find very little else to recommend the hotel and quite a few things as highlighted above to put you off, and especially the bar noise which was quite absurd !The real mystery to me, having used Trip Advisor extensively in the past, is how this hotel can possibly be the current number one recommended hotel in Boston on Trip Advisor.....Philip Hills

Quality accommodations in the heart of Seattle Whenever I travel on business, I now consult tripadvisor reviews prior to my trip. Based on the glowing reviews for this property, I chose the Holiday Inn Seattle, and I was not disappointed.Centrally located in an urban, but commercial section of town, the entrance to the hotel on Dexter Avenue is a bit claustraphobic. If there are several arriving, you may need to wait your turn to get into the lobby, but once you come in, the front desk is quick and courteous. After you check in, return to your car and turn right into the hotel, right behind the hotel, and right into the Holiday Inn garage (not the Express garage.) Swing wide on the last turn, because you use your room key to open the garage door from the driver's side. The second time I did this, it felt natural! Even the parking garage is well done. Although the spaces are small, the ceiling has an acoustical treatment making the garage quiet and relatively warm: a great benefit for Seattle weather.My room was large for a standard room with two queen beds and a sleeper sofa. The TV has a sleep timer (controlled on the TV itself) and about 20 channels of cable. There are several nice touches in the room in the form of instruction cards on how to operate the TV and internet (wired only... bring your ethernet cable or be billed $7.50!) The iron and board in my room were passable, but somewhat damaged by previous guests. The in-wall heater/AC was quiet, and there was little to no outside noise that disturbed my sleep.The other amenities are somewhat limited by the small size and location of the hotel. I noticed that the exercise room is somewhat larger than most with several cardio and weight machines. There is a business center with computer, printer and high-fee ATM machine.One of the other reviews raved about the Emerald Grill. I found their food above average, but nothing to write home about. However, for room service and a general service hotel... that's the kind of food you want. Room service was delivered in a timely fashion and at correct temperatures. Tip: If you want bread with your room service meal, you need to request it.Most of my days were spent away from the hotel, so I don't have any reviews of their ballroom or other facilities. However, I don't hesitate to recommend this location - it's a quality property.

Luxury and location If you have the money, this is a great place to stay. I was fortunate enough to be able to use my Starwood points, so I didn't need to count the euros. Service was excellent at check in and departure, and our room was comparable to the Meridien in the US. The hotel has recently been renovated and everything looked new. The beds were comfortable and faced a 50 inch plasma TV on the opposite wall. The bathtub was huge, and had a rubber incline so you could lean back comfortably. And of course, a separate shower. Bath amenities were the same that I used to get at the Meridien in Beverly Hills.The hotel location was right on the Ramblas, only a block or two from the Plaza de Catalunya. There were cabs galore, and a convenient metro too.All in all, a great place to have has your home base in a beautiful city.

Good location, awful breakfast We were visiting Phoenix for a vacation weekend and I've stayed at other Four Points in LA so I thought this would be a good mid range place to stay. The location around the Metro Center mall in the northern part of town is very good. It's easy on/off the freeway and about 1/2 hour to either downtown or Scottsdale. There are plenty of chain restaurants like Red Lobster, Olive Garden, etc. for decent dinners, and shopping for those who are into that. I found the hotel was not up to the level of the two Four Points I've stayed in elsewhere. The room looked tired and the bathroom was smaller than their other locations.By the way, I'm a Starwood Gold member, so I assume my room was one of the better ones. Our price included full buffet breakfast, and I have to say it was one of the worst I've had anywhere. The first day they ran out of coffee before we arrived in the restaurant and it only was replenished after I had eaten. The cereal (raisin bran) was definitely generic, and also stale. There was only whole milk (so much for healthy eating), and the bread and pastries were pretty awful as well. Fruit was your typical cut cantaloupe and honeydew, both of which were tasteless. There were supposed to be vending machines on each floor, but the one on my floor was missing, and my search only turned up a soda machine on the floor below.I was scheduled to stay at another Four Points in another city this week, and when I got home I canceled and booked a different chain. Two days at this one was quite enough for one month.

finally, a good hotel in Amsterdam We go to Amsterdam every year, and it's been difficult to find a good hotel at a reasonable price. Even so-called luxury hotels don't measure up to first class hotels in other cities. The Jolly Carlton was a very pleasant surprise. Check in and overall service was great. We were even offered a free room upgrade. The room was spacious, and the bathroom was clean and modern with nice amenities.. The hotel is steps from the Rembrandtplein, around the corner from the flower market and a short walk to the Leisdeplein. Considering the location, it was fairly quiet as well..We'd definitely return.

Great little hotel in the real san francisco Great little hotel out of the way but if you have got a city pass you can catch the tram down to the main attractions. Very good staff and friendly. Extra bonus was the free parking on offer as parking in san francisco is very hard to get. Very old typical san francisco hotel which had loads of character, offers free breakfast in the morning too which was very nice. Also if you are in between 4 - 6 pm you get free cherry and biscuits in the lounge. We stayed here for 6 days and enjoyed every minute of it, loads of great restaurants to eat at and plenty of shopping to do too. We went to alcatraz on a night tour which i recommend booking before you go as i gets very busy. Also hired some bikes and did a 16 mile bike ride and caught the ferry back. Had a great six days

A cut above We have just returned from 12 lovely nights in Barcelona staying at this hotel. It is in a great location, about 12 mins on metro from Las Ramblas, then maybe about a 7 mins walk from nearest metro (selva de mar) to the hotel. The room was great, comfiest bed ever, and the much needed aircon was a life saver. Bathroom massive. It is ideal if you are looking for more of a beach hol which we were. The beach is literally across the street and what a lovely beach it is. There are wee beach shacks all along selling food and drink and dj's every weekend til 3/4 in the am, lots of locals partying hard! We bought the multi-trip metro tickets and found these cheap and easy to use. There is a great shopping centre (Diagonal Mar) 5 mins from hotel,loads of eating places in the shopping centre too. There are about 4 chinese restaurants near the hotel, only one of which I would recommend. As you leave the hotel turn left and it is about 3 blocks down. Cheap as chips!!! Although they don't sell them!! The Chinese and Indian restaurants are defintely the cheapest in town.. Olympic Port is about a half hour walk away, down at the harbour, with loads of tavernas and pubs and a couple of discos. A couple of bars have bands in til 3am. But be warned take plenty cash cos it's not cheap there. If you're not prepared to walk back to hotel don't leave it too late to get a taxi, there's no chance after about 1.30 or 2am. We walked back a few times!! All in all I would say if you are going for a short trip then you would probably be better off nearer Las Ramblas but for a longer holiday it's a great hotel for access to the beach for lazy days and to the metro for sightseeing and shopping! Enjoy!

Perfect to propose! This place is fantastic. I was originally booked into another hotel in Venice but due to flood repairs they called to cancel us and I was very dissapointed. This was a suprise holiday for my then girlfriend, it was her birthday and she had always wanted to go to Italy. So right up to the day it was a suprise where we were going.The hotel was so magical, so much so that before we had even checked our bags in I took her out to the balcony and proposed to her (I had planned on doing it at some stage during our 3 days there but the view from the balcony was perfect!) she said yes and we were married 2 and a half weeks ago.We hope to come back for one of our anniversaries. The staff were lovely and the room - just at the top of the stairs to the right as you walk towards the balcony - was perfect!I can highly reccomend this place and it will always hold a special place in our hearts.

Luxury hotel with atmosphere If you would like to stay someplace that has high end luxury with touches of charm from a bygone era, then the Adolphus is for you. Sure it has all the features you would expect of a high end hotel--great attentive service, spacious rooms, beautiful, tasteful furnishings, comfortable beds, etc. However, the Adolphus is unique in the way it preserves and pays tribute to its past. All throughoutthe hotel and the rooms you see wonderfully ornate reminders of yesteryear--chandeliers, lamps, mirrors, bureaus, clocks, lobby furniture, etc. This creates a great atmosphere of sophistication and luxury. If you have any question as to whether the Adolphus is a hotel that is luxurious enough for you, remember that Queen Elizabethand Prince Phillip stayed here during their visit to Texas.

We love Catalonia Our 4th time in Catalonia Bavaro. We stayed there in April for 2 weeks in paradise.We are a couple over 60. and have been traveling to different places in the world.What we liked the most :- excellent customer service, from the management , customer service staff, animation,to waiters and greeters at the restaurants, cleaning ladies in our room, gardeners, etc..- beautiful beach- good accommodation with non smoking rooms,- excellent food.We even noticed at different occasions, Mr Juana, one of the manager greeting the guests at the main dinner buffet restaurant. We were in a non smoking building, next to the swimming pool and close to the beach and beach restaurant.We enjoyed the professional band playing most of the nights. We made sure that we were there from 8pm to 8.30 pm. They played ballroom dancing for half an hour, rumba, chacha,. They even played a foxtrot and a tango for us.After 45 minutes of children animation, the band come back and play 45 minutes of social dancing, meringue, salsa, bachata, etcThe shows are very good. They practiced every morning to give the best performance at night.The grounds are beautiful, and well maintained. It is a big resort, we did a lot of walking. They sprayed quite every day in different areas, and we did not get any mosquito's bites.We had and excellent weather. We enjoyed been there for the 4th time. It's like being at home. We knew a few people from the staff. They treated us in a special manner. As one the manager mentioned to me, you a personal friend and part of the Catalonia family.We will be glad to go back.

We loved the Grand Palladium Punta Cana We are a couple 60 + who spent 2 weeks in the Grand PALLADIUM from Dec 4 to Dec 18, 2007.The resort is beautiful, the rooms very spacious, found the bed too firm for our liking.We were in the Block 4, 3rd floor. All the blocks are close to the pool, beach and buffet restaurant.The service was very good. The grounds are well kept.We ate most of the time at the main buffet restaurant at the Punta Cana or the Palace. We had lunch most of the time the Beach restaurant , with a good selection of food, and a nice breeze.The main Buffet restaurants where air conditioned and non smoking.The food was excellent.The shows at night in the theater were good if you can stand the smoking or second hand smoke.In the Lobby of the Palace they had different bands at night, but heavy smoking was our main concern. They should have separated areas for the non smokers. Ashtrays were on every table.The beach was beautiful. We swam in the ocean a few times, but the weaves were quite strong. The staff was very courteous and professional. It was a beautiful place. We enjoy the Dominican music in the lobby, bachata, meringue or ballladas.

Great Hotel, Ideal position in Granada, What Else ? ;-) Granada is one of the most beautifull city in Europe and this Hotel is the best way to have a wonderfull stay.It's my second trip in this Hotel and I have nothing to say about. Room clean, (first time we stay in a normal room and in the Allambra Suite for our second stay).Just a remarq about the bedin the normal room, which is a little bit too smooth for me.But the suite ....................... try it you will enjoy !

Excellent Choice for Theater Weekend We were part of a family group of three couples who stayed at the Omni in the beginning of January for a theater weekend. We booked broadway tickets through a special we saw on travelzoo and then used their site to search for hotels. The Omni was very reasonable so we used the travelzoo discount code and booked online at the Omni's site. We are very pleased we stayed there. The room was spacious, bathroom large and staff very friendly. I really liked their web check-in process. We said we'd be there at 11:30AM, showed up on time and our keys were ready on arrival. I appreciated that they treated us with great care even though we'd booked using a discount. All three couples enjoyed the hotel and agreed we'd like to stay there when we do our 2009 theater weekend.

Casablanca great again! We (3 couples) stayed at the Casablanca for a theater weekend January 9-10. Once again the hotel worked out well in every respect. Good location, nice size queen rooms with large upscale bathrooms, wine and cheese by the fire place as well as breakfast in the 2nd floor lounge area, great and friendly staff and reasonable prices.

First Time at Elysee - Great Hotel We stayed at the Elysee the weekend of Feb. 23-24 to attend a wedding. We tried the Casablanca, our favorite hotel, but it was full. However we discoved the Elysee is owned by the same owners so booked it. It was a great hotel. We had a small changing room, large bedroom with a sitting area and large upscale bath. The staff were very attentive and we enjoyed the sitting room(s) on the 2nd floor as well as a very nice continental breakfast included in the room rate. We'd recommend this hotel in a heartbeat.

Wonderful hotel, wonderful staff Just returned from the Villa Mazarin Hotel.....truly fantastic location in the beautiful and intriguing Marais district - and sited just behind the Hotel D'Ville ( City Hall ).The hotel is small ( 29 rooms only ) and has been stunningly refurbished......Our room ( standard double ) was terrific....flat-screen TV, world-class bed, two sinks, kettle, iron and ironing board etc......The hotel is in the heart of the Marais district....a cultural and bohemian extravaganza..........stuffed with bars/restaurants of any kinds and types ( gay, hetro, loud, quiet, cute etc etc )The real bonus, however, was the hotel staff who were amongst the most attentive and professional I have ever come across in more than 30 years of world travel.....nothing was too much trouble for them.We would return tomorrow given the opportunity.Ian and Kathryn ( UK )If anyone requires any more info we are happy to provide...hicduk@aol.com

I've stayed in better 3 star hotels Upon being upgraded to an apartment, we were horrified to be stepping into a smoky non-smoking room. The decor was far from impressive, especially the cheap and tacky bits of chipboard passing for a bathroom cabinet.The robotic hotel reception staff seemed quite unplussed at my dissatisifaction, when I raised the above.The breakfast experience, at the Garden Buffet, was more like attending a food court than a 5 star dining room. Upon arrival the queue to get a table was more like attending the local club (RSL, pokies venue). While the choice of food was impressive and well displayed (and tasty), the sight of bus-boy trolleys clearing tables reminded me of the food court at the local Westfield shopping centre. Plus queuing for the egg station to have an omelete made would have been a novel experience if I could have been bothered.In future, we will be returning to the Wentworth, were the experience is truly 5-star.

Not Great, but Okay This property is a little tired. Needs some refurbishing. They're working on the exterior, lanai's, etc., presently.Rooms are simply furnished. The musty odour, It is the tropics after all, disappears quickly after the a/c is turned on. Again furniture, carpet, fixtures have seen better times. On the other hand the rooms are large and serviceable with a fridge and coffee maker. I was quite satisfied for the price. Staff are very helpful. Checked my bags for me as I had a late flight. In addition there is a hospitality room on the third floor for a shower and change of clothes before leaving for the airport. The 16th floor is the site of the continental breakfast served on the lanai. Could get crowded I'm told, but as I'm an early riser, no problems for me.There is an ABC store on site that can supply you with most anything. There is also a tour desk which is quite handy. Getting around? The Bus stop is outside the main entrance although everything in Wakiki is within walking distance.I'd definetely use this property again. Good value, good location, super staff.By the way, Waikiki can be expensive. Walk a few blocks to escape the beach area and you'll find lots of great inexpensive bars and restaurants.

Could Not Wait To Leave If you want Dominican service at New York prices, then this is the place for you. We experienced all of the pitfalls discussed in other reviews -- bone jarring ride from airport, lackluster food, ridiculous costs, and the feeling that once you get there, you're trapped in a Dominican Bizarro World of rip-offs designed exclusively for foreign tourists.Then add to that the huge man eating spiders in our luxurious ocean front room. (I am traumatized, and to this day am still afraid to open my underwear drawer at home.) As mentioned, many guests have either scalding hot water or ice cold water from the showers. A tropical squall flooded a couple of ocean front rooms with an inch of water, while folks upstairs with the thatched roof experienced little worms and insects falling from the ceiling. (I hope they slept with their mouths closed!)These are the stories of the folks that traveled with us as part of a corporate reward / retreat for my company. Of the seven couples that went, we all had freaky little horror stories. Our stay was a lesson in Dominican dysfunction, which would be cute if it were not supposed to be at a luxury resort. Nor is it cure that you are presented with a water menu whenever you dare to eat there. (Several in our party became ill from the food.) They tell you the water from the tap is undrinkable and then sell you $8 bottles of water with your meal. I found the local rum to be both tastier and cheaper!The front desk staff was ill equipped to handle any of the cavalcade of issues their hotel was presenting its guests. For example, they were unable to offer me change for a $50 bill, and had no stamps for my postcards. although they promised to send them for me, and I paid them to mail them. my little nieces and nephews never received their cards. In addition, the internet connections promised in the rooms were (again predictably) not working.The spa semed to have lots of nice things in it, but the whirlpool was lukewarm and the stream room was not working. The sauna was nice when they remembered to turn it on -- which seemed to be every other day. They invested a lot of money into the spa to not have it functioning properly, and such seemed to typify both the Agua resort and the surrounding area.When we tried to escape from Agua and venture to go out for dinner one night to the nearby Al Navigante, we were again subject to another fiasco. When we were served wine that had turned to vinegar they tried to charge us for the bad wine. They also added two additional dinners to the tab. When I protested the extra charges they tried to negotiate. Indeed -- they exemplified the apparent Dominican business ethic when dealing with tourists: Take them for all you can!A day trip to a Dominican cigar factory took us to a shop in Bavaro run by a woman from Switzerland who had two guys rolling stogies, and while the guys in our group smoked free samples, the ladies were shown local jewelry for purchase. Indeed, it seemed as if the only place where we were being scammed worse than in the hotel was just anywhere else in the DR!Yes, there were some positives. The wait staff at Agua was entirely friendly and they seemed to genuinely enjoy teaching Spanish to my wife and I. Also, the beach is very nice and the water was inviting. (However, the water was also pretty cloudy when we were there and I am told it is largely unsuitable for snorkeling.)When our week was over, we were all very anxious and quite happy to leave. Again predictably, the driver was late to pick some of our fellow travelers up. They were late to the airport and almost missed their flights.Perhaps luxury resort and the Dominican Republic are mutually exclusive. It sure seemed so at Agua. After all, in the DR even the sidewalks have potholes! Yes, the people we met were for the most part very nice, unless you had to deal with money, and the beach was very nice. However, there are far too many negatives to outweigh the few positives, and Agua charges way too much to expect its guests to overlook those negatives. To Agua I say Adios and good riddance!

Funky and well located, some windowless rooms It was very fine to stay at the Regina three nights for a nearby conference at the university. A bit on the expensive side, but it was generally modern, elegant, attractive and funky. Free fully functioning in room WIFI included. First I was put in a very small room with no windows, I did not like that! It was changed next day no problem. Lively streets, but excellent glazing keeps it quiet inside if you prefer. Breakfast is good but expensive (they almost seemed to panic when they discovered I was having breakfast one morning, not included in my deal, but relaxed when I flashed my key and credit card). Starbucks is right next door, not too cheap either, but nice outside seating. The location of the hotel is very good near Metro, sightseeing bus start, shopping, and head of las Ramblas. I would gladly stay here again for business or pleasure, but be more alert about getting a good room from the start.

Great place for the right price This can be a great place to stay depending on what you pay. We booked this on Priceline (bidding) for $115 per night. For that price it was a steal. We booked it for before and after a cruise. It is actually a very nice hotel in a great location and has an excellent pool and beach. The hotel has a large open air lobby which is nice but not as classy as the Wyndham El San Juan but nice enough. The hotel has been built in phases over the years. We were in the original building which I prefer since all of the rooms have great water views. Some of the later buildings have sections that look out on other buildings and parking garage, etc. The rooms are a decent size with nice bathrooms and very nice beds and bedding. The furniture is a little dated. The hotel has an excellent location on a peninsula into the water on the outskirts of Old San Juan. You are only about a 10 minute ride from the cruise ships and Old San Juan. If you are looking for a lot of nightlife and shopping outside your door this is not the place for you. The nicest part of the hotel is the beach and pool area. The beach is on its own cove, not much in the way of waves, but otherwise very nice. It has a great pool area and a nice area with hammocks and palm trees for shade. We are members of the Hilton Honors and were put on the club floor. The club floors have the use of a very nice lounge with free snacks drinks, newspapers and computer. For $115 per night this was a great deal. We were originally booked at the Marriott for the stay on the return from the cruise, but at $350 a night for the Marriott and $155 for the Hilton it was a no brainer. If you are going to pay $350 a night I would consider the El San Juan or the Marriott, but with the discount rates on the Hilton it is well worth it. My only complaint was that it does not have a casino, so you need to get a cab to go to a casino or to go to other restaurants. We ate at the Morton's on a great web promotion, 2 excellent meals for $99, but the other hotel restaurants looked very overpriced. They do have a Starbucks in the lobby.

Depends on what youu pay for this hotel This hotel may be worth staying in depending on what you have to pay for it. We had two rooms for 4 nights, booked on Priceline for $200/night each. We were upgraded to the Rainbow Tower on the water at no additional cost. The tower you are in is very important, since only a few have a decent water view and many are back away from the water with no water view. We had a very nice view looking out on a marina with the ocean and coast beyond. The grounds and common areas are actually very nice with lush landscaping. The resort is set up as a number of high-rise towers with the pools and landscaping between. There is also quite a number of shops and restaurants in a village type atmosphere. My reason for not rating the resort higher are two. First, the rooms are very dated, and two, the resort tends to try to get every last dollar out of you by charging you for everything they can. The furniture in our rooms was very dated and more like what you would find in an older Holiday Inn and not a luxury resort. While the bathrooms had been redone, they left the old sinks and faucets, which are very dated. The 3 sinks even had rust around the drains they had been there so long. The hotel had no chairs to use on the beach unless you paid an unreasonable fee to use them. The resort is actually very attractive and in a nice location, an easy walk to the shopping at Waikiki but in a nice quieter area. If you can get a very reasonable price, the Hilton may be worth considering. If you are not getting a decent discount I would stay elsewhere in a place that had more up to date rooms.

A terrific hotel in Florence We had two rooms at the Berchielli for three nights in September 2007, and this is a terrific hotel for visiting Florence. When we checked in we asked if we could be upgraded and we were told that we had been. The rooms faced out on the Arno River each with a balcony and views of the Ponte Vecchio Bridge which is a half block away. For exploring Florence this location can't be beat. Everything is an easy walk. The rooms were comfortable and nicely sized and the bathrooms were very nice. The rooms had Frette linens and towels. The hotel had a nice lobby lounge and bar and a great rooftop terrace. The included breakfast was excellent and extensive with hot and cold foods. The hotel has a lot of charm and a very friendly staff. They have a computer station in the lobby with free internet access. Since the hotel is made up of a number of older buildings, the room views, sizes and features vary. You may want to see what is available when booking, or ask for features you may want. The Berchielli is an excellent choice for visiting Florence.

A terrific hotel in Seattle The Pan Pacific Hotel in Seattle is a wonderful hotel and well worth staying at in Seattle. My only complaint is that the hotel could be a little more centrally located to the downtown core, however, everywhere was an easy walk and public transit is just outside the door and can take you anywhere. The hotel, itself, is brand new and extremely comfortable and tastefully done. The lobby and common areas are very well done, including a fireplace in the lounge area. All of the furnishings and decor are extremely tasteful, and well beyond the quality of your typical upscale chains. The rooms are very comfortable and well done, again, quite a cut above your upscale brand name chains. Nothing but great things to say about the hotel. It is well worth staying here if you need a hotel in downtown Seattle.

Okay Hotel in the University District of Seattle My wife and I travel to Seattle four or five times a year. As a couple that enjoys boutique hotels, my wife and I found the Watertown Hotel to be satisfactory, but certainly nothing to get excited about. We usually stay at one of the Kimpton Hotels (there are three in Seattle), but all three Kimpton Hotels were sold out for the July 6 to 8, 2007 weekend due to the Kenny Chesney Flip Flop Summer Tour 2007, so we looked over Seattle hotel reviews on Tripadvisor. The Watertown Hotel was the only top 5 rated hotel in Seattle with a room available (they told me on the telephone it was their last available room), so we booked the room for $185 (plus tax) per night. The Watertown Hotel is located in the University district, about six miles north of downtown Seattle. It is a safe area with plenty of restaurants located within walking distance of the hotel. Our room, like the property itself, was clean and well looked after. The room had a comfortable King bed, basic washroom, tiny fridge and a small television set. Our room was located off the elevator lobby on the fifth floor, so there was a lot of hall noise until well past midnight both nights of our stay. There is free, secured parking, located under the hotel for hotel guests, but the parking stalls are tiny and the ceiling only six feet, six inches high, so larger vehicles may have problems parking. Also, the breakfast selection was not satisfactory (limited items, with no fruit or healthy eating options), so we wandered over to the Farmer's Market (five blocks away) for breakfast one morning and we drove to the 14 Carrot Cafe for beakfast the second day (located a couple miles from the Watertown Hotel at 2305 Eastlake Ave E on the way to downtown Seattle). In summary, we would stay at the Watertown Hotel again, but it will never be our first choice in the Seattle area.

My Wife Loved It...Enough Said My wife and I spent three nights at the Argonaut Hotel during January of 2005. We loved it! The California King bed was great, as were the feather pillows and overall room decor. Location is everything, and the Argonaut Hotel has a great location at the corner of Hyde and Jefferson on Fisherman's Wharf. Although a little large for boutique hotel status, we loved the place and recommend it highly to anyone wanting a great place to stay in San Francisco. The only negative is The Blue Mermaid Restaurant in the hotel, which we found to be tacky and expensive. Do yourself a favour next time you are in San Francisco. Stay at the Argonaut Hotel.

A Windy Long Weekend in San Fran My wife and I stayed four nights at the Serrano Hotel in San Francisco from January 3 to 7, 2008. We had never stayed at the Serrano Hotel before, but since it is part of the Kimpton boutique hotel chain that my wife and I enjoy, we thought that we'd give it a try. I booked our King Deluxe room via the Kimpton website for $126 per night (plus tax), a rate that I thought was very reasonable for downtown San Francisco.We arrived Thursday night at 10 pm during the worst winter storm of the season (our flight from Canada was delayed 3 hours due to the storm conditions in San Francisco). Unfortunately, after a long trip getting to San Francisco, we did not get the warm Serrano Hotel welcome advertised on many web pages and websites. Don't get me wrong, everyone was decent to us, but there was no offer of a game of 21 to upgrade our room (as mentioned in the bedside book in our room), and the concierge desk person was less than enthusiastic when I asked about any half-decent places to eat on a late Thursday evening in the immediate area (we had missed dinner due to the flight delay).Speaking of the immediate area around the Serrano Hotel, it is less than upscale. In fact, the neighbourhood, despite being only two blocks from Union Square and kitty-korner to the San Francisco Hilton, is what one might call Transitional. That is, by day the neighbourhood is okay, but come darkness, the streets are taken over by homeless people and panhandlers. Furthermore, the streets in the area are very dark, lacking sufficient municipal street lighting. Some people may find the idea of walking alone at night too scary to try...As for the Serrano Hotel itself, it is a three star property (based on the five star scale). Some websites refer to it as a four star property, but it is not! The lobby is nice and clean, with a feeling of the roaring 20s. Our room, a King Deluxe, was also clean and contained the blessed Kimpton King Size bed (there are no Tall Rooms at the Serrano Hotel). As always, we had excellent sleeps in the Kimpton bed, but our room was extremely small with a very plain and basic bathroom. We can only hope that one-day the Kimpton people will hear about flat screen Plasma and LCD television, and start installing 42 inch sets into their hotel rooms instead of the small 20 year old television sets they currently utilize. Other than our first night when we enquired about a local place to eat, we found the staff to be quite friendly, with many staff members going out of their way to say hello to us or to ask if we needed help with anything. The various concierge staff were excellent at arranging dinner reservations and taxis for us, while the cleaning staff did an excellent job of keeping our room clean and tidy.Overall, we rate our Serrano Hotel experience as okay, but not quite what we have come to expect from Kimpton properties. If one must stay in the Union Square area, then the Sir Francis Drake, also a Kimpton property, would be a much better choice. But our favorite Kimpton San Francisco area hotel remains The Argonaut Hotel at the corner of Jefferson and Hyde on Fisherman's Wharf. For just a few dollars more, The Argonaut Hotel is in a far superior class to the Serrano Hotel, and at The Argonaut Hotel you get the bonus of staying in an area of town that is fun, safe and filled with excellent tourist and eating options.

Enjoyed Hotel D'Albe Glimpse of the river from the room

Wonderful experience I arrived at the hotel at 9pm during height of Xmas party season.I hold a Gold card and had booked online at fairly short notice. Arriving at 9pm following a drinks party I was told there was no record of my reservation. I looked at my printout and realised I had booked for January by mistake!Front desk managed to find me the last room in hotel, very impressed. Lovely meal in the Roux Brasserie (have the salmon followed by skirt of beef)

Perfect, Charming stay at Hotel Rivoli Our big room

Great location, good priced hotel We picked this hotel because we could easily get a train from the airport to Wynyard and also it was close to the cruise terminal where we would be departing from on the following day. I had also stayed several times in this hotel when it was known as the Corus. Even though the Corus was ok, it is nice to see it being renovated.We had a nice size renovated room, no problems. On Check in they did not have our booking and I think they tried to sort it out with the agent over the phoe, after about 15 mins we were in our room. Although our booking was room only, when i enquired about the cost of breakfast next morning, the desk advised it was included in our room charge, so that was a bonus. Breakkie was nice.All in all, I'm glad we chose this hotel.

Our second stay. Just as pleasant as the first. Room picture

I don't think I'd stay here again. The hotel itself and the rooms are very nice.Even though we asked for a non-smoking room we were put in a smoking room. We had to call reception to get some towels sent up as the room didn't have any apart from the hand towels. I wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone who wants to get a good night's sleep, our room was on the third floor over the multi-lane road below. I found that the noise insulation was non-existant or inadequate as I had a very poor night's sleep due to the traffic below. On checking out, the staff member was a trainee and didn't know how to process our checkout since we had prepaid our stay. I then had to make several phone calls to get my frequent flyer points credited for this stay.I must say that I did fill in the feedback form and I received a call from the hotel, however they didn't offer anything except saying that they were grateful for my feedback.

Nice place. Loved the free parking. Close to cable cars. The top of Lombard St. looking at Fisherman's Wharf. Alcatraz in background.

The "Queen of Nob Hill" Continues to Reign My partner and I stayed at the Fairmont SF over Halloween weekend and both of us couldn't be more pleased with our experience. I personally have stayed at the Fairmont multiple times prior, but the last time was 6 years ago, so this experience seemed new to me as well. Everything and everyone we encountered at the Fairmont was first class. The timeless elegance of the Grand Lobby envelopes you in opulence without feeling stiff or too cold. Our arrival was processed swiftly and efficiently and we were ensconced in our room with our luggage within 10 minutes of walking through the doors, even though we arrived over 2 hours prior to the official check in time. I'm a member of the President's Club, so we were upgraded without asking to a corner room on the 9th floor of the Tower Building, which was just fine with us. I personally would rather have the breathtaking views of the Bay and Coit Tower out of one set of windows and the SOMA district out of the others. The concierge was extremely attentive and helpful with every request as were the room service attendants that we came in contact with. The hotel is located in a great location to traverse the city via any of the many forms of public transit available. The Fairmont truly is a wonderful hotel to stay at whether it be for a special occasion or just a get away from it all weekend. I cannot recommend it highly enough. We will surely be returning here when we come back to beautiful San Francisco again.

I would never go back! I was there from July 12-July 19.First, the hotel and beach are beautiful. However, the hotel front desk managers are incompetent and have no idea of the meaning of good customer service. I had booked the 1 bedroom Majestic Colonial suite and they did not have it when I arrived. I was given a room that was 2 categories lower. Additionally, they never apologized for not having my room available when I arrived. They acted like they were doing me a favor by helping me at all.Also, we were not taken to our room. We were given verbal directions to the room and we were lost as the place is so big. Victor, the general manager would not come out of his office to talk with me. On 3 separate occasions he sent different managers to talk with me. I asked the mangers to tell Victor to come out and talk with me but he never did. They tried to compensate us with a massage for my girlfriend and myself but as we have back issues we told them that we needed a different form of compensation. It took two days before they agreed to give us a romantic dinner on the beach. When I asked them what the room difference was between the room I paid for and the room I was given, they would not tell me. I asked them how I could determine if I was being fairly compensated if I did not know how much the lower cost room was.After further questioning they told me the price was $30 for the two of us. However, the price of the room on their own web-site showed over a $150 differenceAs for the dinner, I do not eat Seaford so I was supposed to get a non-seafood substitute dinner. When dinner arrived I was given a Cesar salad with lobster, this had to be taken back and my girlfriend had to eat alone as the waiter on the beach had to return to the restaurant to get the chicken Cesar salad. Then the appetizer arrived, a fish dish. Again, I told them I eat it and I was not given a substitute dish. Then for the which was surf and turf, they just gave me of the the steak.One day we went back to the room and the card key did not work. We had to wait a while for them to bring us a key. When we asked them what happened to the lock they kind of blamed us and said you store your key near a camera or cell phone. I told them that I did not have a camera or cell phone anywhere within 10 feet of my key and yet they never gave me an apology for the inconvenience.Mike - Astoria NY

Very convenient, very thin walls This is a very trendy and recently furnished hotel, but the sound from the hallways and from the adjacent rooms really ruined an otherwise peaceful stay. :(The bed was excellent as were the furnishings, the hotel staff was courteous and checkout was fast and efficient.The location is very nice, right off Times Square.I had a king bed in the medium size room which was fine for one person, two would be okay too...the robe was very thin, the TV was good and the internet access was quick. The soaps were nice, the bathroom tastefully sparse and small.Storage was acceptable and the carpet was new and clean. The window decorations were good and the windows open, another plus if you are there when the air is cooler.The temperature controls were easy to use as was the alarm clock and TV.

Whoa Nelly My first visit to a Day's Inn in 25 years. I got this one onHotwire, and was upset based on TA's reports. This is not a bad property for a two * hotel.My room was 216. It was clean, everything worked,the bathroom was painted, the floor was new, and theshower had plenty of hot water. The front desk clerk/manager Angel was friendly and efficient.She rebooted the wireless router for me, and I had greatInternet access for free. The breakfast had a waffle maker, cereal, juice, coffee, yogurt,and mini bagels. There were two kind of muffins. I used the airport shuttle, and it took 19 minutes for a pickup.Drivers were friendly. The exercise area has one non working bike, but the othertwo machines performed well. In review. Motel was clean, everything worked, it was as sound proof as any airport property. I suggest a lower floor, if you are a light sleeper. I was set for the 4th floor, but they changed me to the second. Friendly employees. This is a solid choice, contrary to other reviews.

A Waikiki bonus bargain I've been traveling to Oahu since 1966. For the past ten years I stayed at either the Hyatt Regency, or The Hilton Hawaiian Village. I was always a Diamond with both of those hotel chains,so I received upgrades to suites. I used points for my stays. Since I've retired, I needed to find rooms in Waikiki that wereclean, with extras like free Internet, and breakfast, located close to my favorite restaurants. Trip Adviser had the Aqua Palms ratedpretty high, so I made a reservation for two separate stays inAugust. My room rate was about one third of the two previous hotels,it was less than $100 per night. My check in was great, both the male and female clerks werefriendly, even the Bell man was great. The room is small, buteverything was nice and neat. Everything worked. On my second stay , I wanted a different room. I was contacted by a nice young woman who was Guest Service manager. She really wanted to help, and she did. Breakfast was a simple muffin, coffee, banana, and yogurt. If you are really starved, there's a dynamite Coffee House a few doors Mauka. The location rocks, it's directly across the street from thegigantic Hilton. You're on Ala Moana, which is the main drag to shopping, the airport etc.

Agree, much improved. We returned to the MO NY this past weekend for a last minute getaway and were quite impressed. We were there soon after opening and agree with prior reviews about the dismal state of the service then. This seems to be mostly taken care of, with a few notable exceptions. The service is still not on par with some similar hotels. For instance, at the Four Seasons SF they always know our names by the time we get to the reception desk and everyone miraculously calls us by name throughout the stay. When my partner returns from runs at the FS SF or Ritz Phili, the doorman will have water and a towel waiting. Service is simply less personal than I would like at the MO. That being said, everyone was very warm and friendly. We booked our room through Platinum Travel (though not the FHR rate) and were upgraded to a Premier Central Park View room. It was at the end of the hall and shared a vestibule with only one other room (a Premier CP View Suite). As a result, it was very quiet and we did not hear all the door noise other people have complained of. What can be said except that the view of the entire length of Central Park and Mid-town is spectacular. It is unfortunate that even on the highest floor the Trump building partially obscures things, but the view is still quite amazing. Sunrise was great and the reflection of the sunset off the surrounding buildings was also very nice. We have stayed at many of the top hotels in New York and there are few that can provide quality views from the majority of rooms. I also like the aesthetic of the MO more than most top NY hotels, which tend to be too traditional and fussy for me. I found the bed extremely comfortable and the shower was wonderful. The bath products are also very nice, much nicer than at other MO properties. There has been a lot of criticism of the technology in the rooms and complaints that they are too complex. Perhaps it is my younger age and residue of growing up with computers, but it seemd pretty intuitive. The HD LCD TV was great, as was the speaker system. The phone took a few minutes to master, but then it was easy. I also liked that the LCD TV in the bathroom was adjustable. It was odd though that it didn't have all the channels of the larger TV and that the networks were on different channels. On the negative side, the restaurant remains a problem. Though our food was consistent, if not overpriced ($90 for breakfast daily), the service was irregular. They never quite got everything right. We were not served bread the first day, but it came the second day. We were given a small amuse one day, but not the next. I had to ask for butter for my toast. No huge faux-pas, but annoying. Finally, one of the thing I like to do if I like a hotel and think I may come back is to ask for a tour of other room types I might book. They did not seem to know what to do with this request. First I was told no problem. Then the second person to get on the phone told me that it was not possible because not only did nobody have time (!!!!!), but I would need to make an appointment with the front office. What did she think I was, a reporter wanting to do a story? I was a guest, and they should have been happy to show me other rooms. At this time it was 1:30 in the afternoon and she finally said that the only person on staff who could show me around was not going to be back until this afternoon and could I stay in my room until she came back. When I informed her that it was already this afternoon and asked what she meant she said 2 p.m. Seeing as it was was 30 minutes and I had no plans I said fine. When nobody called me by 2:30 I left for the afternoon. Over the course of 2 days they were never able to fulfill my quite simple request. We left without seeing other rooms, something that might have enticed me to spend money for a better room or suite next time. Their loss. It won't stop us from returning, but was an annoying way to end our stay.

Great staff, great hotel First off, this review is written bearing in mind the fact I paid (should have been about on hotelopia.co.uk but I found a discount code) for 5 nights in a double room with my girlfriend at the Atenea. I think people should state how much they pay on here, not to brag, but because what you pay dictates what you expect and therefore how you review. The room was clean and a decent size, but expect an apartment, ours was more like a bed-sit, but this is not a criticism. Small kitchen, adequate bathroom, sofa, very large double bed, TV, everything you need. The other reviewers who criticize the lack of cutlery, crockery and pans etc just needed to ask at reception for whatever they needed as they were more then happy to have plates and cutlery sent up to our room.The food in the restaurant was ok. The gastronomic menu was fairly good value at around 23 euros each, nice tapas and then main and postres. The staff were very friendly with good english and the bar waitress makes great sangria.The location is 15 mins walk from Nou camp, which was good for us as we went to a match. It's also only a couple of minutes walk from Les Corts metro station. We were a little worried about safety on the metro but found it to be very good. ATMs near by too.The Mussols restaurant near by was nice enough, but other than that you probably need to get a taxi to eat out. All in all we really enjoyed our stay at the Atenea. The hotel was fantastic considering the amount I paid and would have been good even if it had cost more.Just a note on pick pockets in Barcelona: I carried a bag across both shoulders and kept it on my hip in front of me, and we had no problem. Stick to the main streets, dont wear a bag on one shoulder, be aware of who is around you (particularly on La Rambla) and you will be fine

Very nice We enjoyed our stay in this hotel.Our children enjoyed riding bicycles and playing in the pool. The kids club was quite nice also.We had a one-bedroom apartment which was very nice for our family. More space than a regular hotel room. The room and the grounds were very clean.The breakfast buffet was very nice also.The staff is quite friendly.The evening buffet was a bit expensive, so we went to the Novotel Tanjung Benoa for their evening buffet (it's a bit less expensive). We enjoy the Novotel food all over Indonesia.This location has a bit different feel than the other Novotel resorts in Indonesia, since it has apartments. It's a bit less ethnic / exotic in its feeling and atmosphere.

Good Business Hotel This is a mega-convention type business hotel connected to a shopping mall and Hynes convention center. Rooms are pretty good, standard Sheraton. Nice furnishings, TV, bedding linens. They need to do some work on the bathrooms. Most fixtures and tile are dated, though they have the newer Speakman shower heads. Pretty good views at this tower hotel, too.They have a decent indoor pool with an outdoor deck chair area. The gym may be a bit small for the size of the property - it may be tough to get a treadmill during peak a.m. hours.One big plus, this hotel is a short walk to Newbury Street area with many unique dining and shopping options. Of course you can also hit the mall for your standard chain stores if that suits.

Nice Hotel on Bourbon Street Stayed here for two nights in conjunction with a conference. Had a King room w/ a sidestreet (i.e. not Bourbon Street) view. The room was a bit small but perfectly fine. Pretty nice bedding and furnishings in good shape, new flat TV. Bath was pretty average, not too impressed w/ the shower, towels were fine.Gym was OK, not very big. Two decent treadmills, ellipticals, bikes. Some weight equipment. A little stuffy. Did not use the outdoor pool, but it's in a beautiful courtyard and looks quite nice w/ lots of deck/chair space.Service at the hotel was great. Desk staff, concierge, bell, door. All superb. That is really the reason I'd return - along w/ the charm of this classic property. Good on site dining, bar, etc., too.Some final points you may find useful:* If you don't have an interior view, you're going to hear some street noise at all hours. * If you're a business traveller, you may be disappointed there is no desk in the room. There was a sidetable w/ the Internet port, but there wasn't a power strip or similar to charge all your fun devices.

Solid Choice Stayed 3 nights in March. All amenities associated with a good business hotel at an above average level. Excellent fitness room, though I did not use the spa/pool.Great location, a short walk to shopping many popular points of interest (e.g. Brandenburg Gate, Reichstag, museums, checkpoint charlie). U-bahn station directly in front of hotel for easy transport to attractions farther west.Note breakfast and 24-hours of Internet use were an extra 22 euro each.

Location, location, location ! View from our room at the 14/F

An outstanding value: Service in a Grand Style We (Mom, Dad and teenage daughter) arrived at the ANA on the Friendly Bus from Narita, tired from our overly long plane ride. As we left the bus, various ANA staffers took our bags, ushered us to reservations and helped us to our rooms. No tipping necessary. The ANA staff offers service the likes of which most 5 star American Hotels can only aspire to. The staff tries to anticipate your needs and respond accordingly. We also stayed at the ANA in Kyoto. Another great experience. You will not be disappointed by the rooms, service or staff. Price was a value compared to most costs in Japan.

Great Stay; Near the Airport I was in San Juan on business. The room was clean and comfortable. The toilet backed up on my second day there, but I reported it on my way out in the morning, and it was repaired before I returned in the evening. Parking is expensive ($14/day), but it's a covered parking deck, which is nice considering the heat. There's a very good complimentary hot breakfast every morning, including an omellete bar, as well as a manager's reception every night where guests get two complementary drinks. The drive to the airport is less than five minutes, but I didn't hear any overhead air traffic while I was inside the hotel.This was my second stay at the Embassy Suites San Juan, and it will be my first choice the next time I find myself in Puerto Rico.

Hits all the right buttons Arrived to find we had been upgraded to the Club section, a very pleasent surprise. The room was large and airy, with a very good bathroom/dressing section, extremely comfortable king bed, and comprehensively appointed. There was a small sitting area with sofa and chairs next to a balcony - and this was the only downside. Other reviews of the Handlery have mentioned street noise - and our room overlooked O'Farrell Street. Take heed - it is noisy, but sleep is easy with earplugs, and this small problem should not put anyone off this excellent hotel. You can bet all the other hotels which are as convenient as this suffer the same problem! We were only there for three days, but found the Daily Grill filled all our needs, and those of a lot of locals, always a good sign. Friendly and courteous staff made for a great break - would return here any time.

Bravo, Brunelleschi! For years, my wife has wanted to go to Florence and stay at the Brunelleschi, so this year we made it, for a 5 day stay.Arriving at Pisa airport, you have the choice of a 75 min. journey by train or coach, but as the trains were neither convenient or frequent in October, we chose the coach. Mind, if you do the same, get to the head of the queue quickly, as once it's full, that's it - there'll be another one along in an hour! From the station in Florence we could see the Duomo, and knowing the Brunelleschi is adjacent, and looking at the rush-hour traffic, we decided we would walk. It only took us 20 mins - we are in our 60's - but the hotel in in a maze of small streets and, on reflection, perhaps a taxi would have been better. The entrance and reception are bright, pleasant places, and the lady on the desk patiently listened to my amateur Italian before replying in perfect English. After trawling through the usual agency websites, I had found the best deal to be on the hotel's own website, and had asked for a twin-bed non-smoking room on the top floor. And that's exactly what we got. Room 421 opens onto a small inner hallway and a spacious room overlooking a small inner courtyard - and looking straight at the Duomo and Campanile. We were impressed! The air-conditioned room also had built-in wardrobes, a minbar, a writing desk and a couple of chairs, and was clean and well-decorated. Across the small hallway, which contained another wardrobe with a safe, was a large fully-tiled bathroom with twin bowls, a WC, bidet, and bath/shower. Everything worked perfectly.As we had arrived in the early evening we decided to eat in the hotel's restaurant. This was a mistake, and the meal, although OK, did not come up to the expectations raised by the surroundings. We subsequently noticed that neither the hotel's retaurant or bar attracted many patrons, probably because there are lots of small restaurants in the vicinty - there's an excellent family-run restaurant 'il Paiolo' just around the corner - and they can't beat the competition. However breakfast, included in the rate, was very good, with a great choice of cold and hot dishes, and plenty to eat whatever time we appeared, up to the 10.00 am. finish. Any hotel depends on its staff, and the staff at the Brunelleschi could not have been more accomodating. We never saw the chambermaids or cleaning staff, just the results of their work. The staff in the restaurant and on the desk were unfailingly efficient, pleasant, and helpful.Florence is a very compact city, and the Brunelleschi could not be more central, with none of the major sights more than a 20 min. walk away. However you do have to put up with the endless tour-groups, the trinket-sellers, and the beggars. None of this should stop you going there, and to the Brunelleschi. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay.

Well Above Average I chose this hotel after reading reviews by fellow travellers.Converted to a hotel in 2004 the building has had a varied past and narrowly missed destruction in 1945.The location is fairly central and quiet, within easy access of transport and walking distance of most sites.We ate in the restaurant trying the buffet which was excellent value.As mentiones by another reviewer the Italian nearby is worth a visit.The breakfast selection is probably the most varied I have seen and should suit everyone.Helpful staff was also a bonus, well done.

Great Location This hotel has an excellent location in relation to the sites and only 5 mins from the railway station.Friendly and helpful staff are also a plus.The breakfast is also substantial and at no extra cost.

Good location and standard Me and my wife we stayed at Hotel Catedral 4 night during our trip in Mexico. It was our first hotel in Mexico (after 12 hours flight from Europe). I've red some reviews before, and booked this directly via email. We had double room for 660 peso including breakfast. At check-in I asked for quiet room - and I got this. The breakfast is very good but you don't have to pay in advance. It is even better to pay separately, because you can save a few dollars and have more choices.The hotel is located in the city center, just behind the Zocalo and Cathedral. There are many shops around (even second-hand bookshops on the same street) and some restaurants too. From airport we drove by taxi (127 peso, around 0,5 hour). It is pretty close to Metro stations (Zocalo or Allende) - for just 2 peso you can travel acroos whole Ciudad de Mexico.We were satisfied with this hotel and can recommend to other guests.

Great for Business, not so much as a tourist even though location is great I've stayed in this hotel numerous times over the years for business and find that it's wonderfully accomodating for the business person. The conference facilities are great for the 50 or so folks I've had the pleasure of working with during our stay here. It's always felt a bit strange to have to walk under the street to get to the conference facilities, but that's probably just me.Internet access and a high degree of cleanliness and helpful staff for all sorts of one-off requests during our business meetings always makes me feel comfortable during my stays here. For business in Amsterdam, centrally located and close to anything else one might be interested in doing to augment their stay in Amsterdam, this hotel is highly recommended.One odd comment overheard on a recent trip was How can this be a 5 star hotel if the bar doesn't open until 1700?. I don't know the answer, but that is a very strange aspect of the place. The bar is, however, wonderful when opened (if a bit expensive).Otherwise, another great stay! The management of this hotel are doing a great job.

Excellent location and wonderful bed Definitely in the leading hotels of the world category. Didn't get to partake of all on offer, but was pleased to be close to the Arche De Triomphe and Champs Ellysees. Wish I had more time for the breakfast (looked good), but the wonderful bed sucked me under and I had a good nights sleep. Perfect location for a business trip and different than my experiences out in the no mans land of La Defence.

Perfect for a Convention, not for casual travellers I've stayed here once a year for the past 5 years. It's a great location for the conference centre next door and it has lovely rooms and a decent bar. However, there are little odd things I've never sorted out: where breakfast? when do the little shops open (if ever)?It's a beautiful hotel, but a bit far from the hustle and bustle of Barcelona. You can get places quickly from here, but tourists shouldn't think of this as a well-located hotel for nightlife and ambience of the rest of Barcelona.All in all, an excellent hotel for business and very comfortable. The staff are accomodating and it's well situated for the conference facilities (including their own).

Excellent hotel in a perfect location Bed from other angle looking toward dressing area and bathroom

Loved the Hyatt Regency We have stayed at this hotel many times over the last few years and have always enjoyed our stays. My wife and I live in the Florida Keys and we find it convenient to spend the night in Miami when we are attending a sporting event or concert.The Hyatt is perfectly located in downtown Miami right on the Miami River where the river empties into Biscayne Bay. If you are in Miami for business or pleasure and need to have access to the downtown area and government centers this hotel is for you.The Knight Center (a convention center and concert venue) is located in the same building as the Hyatt. Miami's Metro-Mover, a clean and modern public transportation system which takes you to all the major government centers, sport and concert venues in downtown Miami has a station adjoining the Hyatt.The rooms are recently refurbished, spacious, modern and clean. Many of the rooms have views of the Miami River or Biscayne Bay. This hotel has all the services and amenities you would expect in a 4 star business hotel and deserves all 4 stars.

Luxurious, glamorous and fabulous! More photos

Padma Hotle Great Place to Stay. pool area

Fantastic We booked this travel as a last minute so we have been ready for some troubles. But the place suprised us very well! It's lovely place with great staff who really cares about your needs. It's serously great place to go for week relax

Fantastic stay, great people. We staid here for 6 days and it was fantastic. The rooms were super-clean, the shower was great, the beds really comfy and the location perfect. Surrounded by a huge variety of nice restaurants and only about 5 minutes walk from Victoria Coach station where you can get a bus, coach, underground or taxi.

guilt-free luxury as a frequent traveler to the big apple, stayed at a lengthy list of midtown accomodations. this, however, would be my first trip to nyc where i would be paying the bill rather than using the corporate charge. although swiping my own plastic, i refused to forgo my usual comforts; because when it comes to hotels in new york city, there are certain things that are simply essential (luxury and location) and others that are completely implausible (space and silence).i chose hotel mela because of its 4-star rating and, since i was on a mission to find the perfect party dress, its proximity to great shopping check!). beyond that, the price was unbeatable. i was visiting the city during fashion week the u.s. open, so rooms were scarce and prices were fierce. hotel mela was the only luxury hotel with an available room for less than $400 a night. i could barely believe it, myself!upon arrival, i was pleasantly suprised by the tasteful decor, friendly staffers, and comfortable (although teeny) quarters. i also adored the modern crimson lobby, the french-vietnamese restaurant, and flat screen lcd in my room. hotel mela can rival the swankiness of the paramount or hudson, but at a fraction of the cost. so, for a chic midtown experience with an extra bill in your pocket for broadway or babbo, you can pick up the tab at hotel mela with a smile.--blogger, dtpost

Great Location I have been using this hotel for at least 25 years - the manager, Don Julian has been there forever and he always recognises my wife and me! The street has recently been pedestrianized but taxis are permitted to enter the street to leave hotel guests although some do not realise this and will leave their passengers by the Metro exit on Puerto del Sol - this means a walk of 30 meters to the hotel entrance. Well worth it! The breakfasts are superb.

Great Value, Very Nice Hotel, Clean I stayed 4 nights recently for a business trip. The hotel is centrally located right on Ala Wai Blvd and Kaiulani Ave--it is next to some older low-rise apartments (NOT crack houses!) and only a 150 yards from Kuhio Ave which is one the main streets of Waikiki. I had room 1207 which was a standard room on the 12th floor right behind the elevator shaft. The room had a single and queen size bed, and a small desk. The bath was adequate, the carpet was excellent and the room was very clean. The linens were also more than adequate. The furnishings were in very good to excellent condition. There was a Panasonic TV and a nice size refrigerator. The rooms have a small safe with Medeco high security locks (no charge). Overall, I was very pleased with the room. The only negative for the room was that it was noisy. One reason is no fault of the hotel--Ala Wai Blvd is main street out of Waikiki and Waikiki itself is a densely packed and noisy environment. The other factor is that the elevator shaft was right behind the wall of this room and every time the elevators moved you could hear the noise elevators. The parking valets were extremely friendly and really hustled. The normal parking rate is $15/day but I got it for $7.50 by making my reservations through AAA. This is cheap parking for Waikiki. I don't drink so I can't comment on the bar. I did try the fish and chips from the menu, though. It was $8.95 and was excellent. The food prices were very reasonable for Waikiki--I don't know who thought the prices were expensive. The hotel had a lot of Japanese tourists and caters to this clientele. There is a food service in the lobby that makes bento boxes for the Japanese crowd--I didn't try them but given that the proprietors were from Japan, the bento lunches looked very appetizing and authentic. The Hospitality room had 6 computers and I used them to check my email and surf the web. The pool was large and very nice but I did not use it. The continental breakfast was served at poolside from 6:30-9am. This was very basic with coffee, cereal, toast, bagels and donuts and some kind of juice. (There might have been a few other items as well). This was the only disappointing aspect of the hotel. Overall, the public areas of the hotel were very clean and well maintained and the staff were all very friendly and helpful. Since the hotel breakfast wasn't appealing, you can walk to several restaurants within 2-5 minutes. There is a great restaurant 150 yards away in the Ohana West Hotel which offers fast and reasonable meals. Just a half a block away is an ABC Stores--it's like an upscale 7-Eleven and they are everywhere on the islands. The hotel is centrally located and close to the beach or if you are driving, as you exit the hotel you're right on Ala Wai Blvd with takes you out of Waikiki. Best of all the average cost per night for my 4 nights (one weekend night) including tax was only $97! This hotel wasn't luxurious but it was clean and comfortable, the staff was friendly and the price was more than reasonable. I will definitely stay there again when visiting Honolulu.

Amazing Honeymoon We stayed for 5 nights at Secrets Excellence. Let me start by saying I'm sorry the review is coming so late. Before booking our honeymoon I read several reviews, and this resort was reviewed well. Right after booking our honeymoon the resort began to receive bad reviews; you can imagine my fiance and I were a little nervous. We had nothing to be nervious about. We got off the plane at the grass hut style airport. It was so cool we were greeted by singers and dancers. They even take a picture with some local ladies and try to sell it to you later. The ride to our hotel was a little long and bumpy but nothing you can't manage. Its worth the ride to get to the resort. Just try to enjoy the scenery and do not pay attention to the driving. When we arrived at the resort they took our luggage from taxi and we didn't touch it again until we unpacked it in our room. We paid the extra money for the Excellence Club. We enjoyed it and it was a great added bonus since we were on our honeymoon. If we go back we probably wouldn't pay the extra again; but I don't regret doing it once. We stayed in an ocean view suite. The rooms are very nice. Everything is marble. Don't pay the money for a swimout suite. You really aren't that close to the pool. We were so glad we didn't after we saw how far the door was from the pool. Also if you book an ocean view room make sure you request 2nd or 3rd floor. If you are on the 1st floor you can't see the ocean well because of all of the landscape. The food was great. We tried all the restaurants excecpt the asian food. Our favorite was probably the steak house. The seafood was good also. Bourdeaux was nice but not our favorite. You have to keep an open mind though. Things are seasoned differently there--be bold, branch out, and try something new. We stayed on the beach a lot and didn't do a lot of the organized activities. Lunch on the beach is great, don't miss it. We were there to relax so we didn't really participate in the organized activies. We did take a half day snorkeling trip. We were able to swim with shark and stingray. It was unreal. I suggest you try it. We went to the shows each night. They aren't vegas but they are still fun. Like I said earlier keep and open mind and drink lots of coco-locos. Those are the best drinks ever. The drinks were great and they flowed freely. We would be lounging by the pool and people would constantly keep your drink fresh. We had an excellent stay. We want to go back for an aniversery. So when you see a bad review over look it and look forward to your trip. We used allinclusiveoutlet.com to book our trip

Worst price/quality ratio I ever experienced Dear Traveller,I stayed in this hotel from 26th September to 1st October 2006 for attending a nearby conference and continuing with a weekend holiday.The entire room was run down. Everything appeared to be heavily used, not meaning to have a nice glance of patina. The bathroom was tiny with almost no room to turn around. Funnily, the wardrobe was tiny too so that it did not close with my jackets on a hanger (I am not big actually). The TV was ridiculously small and old that I never turned it on. The quality standard of the interior in general was just mediocre maybe. The room faced a street the traffic of which woke me up early as I slept with open windows. Positive about the room was that I had a separate dressing room. The breakfast I tried once at the weekend was quite typical for southern European countries, meaning modest but acceptable, but nothing to be compared with the standards of international chains. The night porter snapped at me as if I was a foreigner when I woke him up at 4 am although he checked me in and saw me several times (it is a small hotel indeed). The cleaners banged at my door at 9 am on two days despite the fact that I left my key in the lock (do not disturb signs were not available). The other personnel behaved alright though. The waiters at breakfast were very kind indeed.The room was worth at most 80 Euros a night even taking into account high prices in Florence. I should have complained about the room but simply accepted it because I wrongly remembered my room rate to be about 120 Euros; it was above 180 Euros eventually. That was my fault indeed.My colleagues I travelled with got much nicer hotels (newly refurbished rooms, excellent breakfast and central as well) for a much lower price (less than 130 Euros).I recommend to all travellers to avoid this hotel unless you exactly know the room beforehand. As it could be a jewel hopefully the owners spend some money in refurbishing the rooms.Regards

Great Hotel, Super Staff! I have stayed in many hotels in the SF Union Sq area over the past 30 years, and the Cartwright is one of the best values I have seen! It's older but thoroughly updated, has a very passable serve-yourself breakfast (cook your own waffles, choice of hot and cold cereals, yogurts, fruit, teas, Starbucks coffee, etc.) Rooms are on the small side, but mine had a big walk in closet and bathroom with tub/shower, good quality toiletries. Free WiFi had a very strong signal even on the 8th floor. Complimentary wine tasting in the library every afternoon. Inexpensive valet or self parking. Very helpful staff, I'll definitely stay there in the future!

fantastic location! I stayed for 4 nights at this hotel, The whole hotel was immaculate and the staff courteous and professional. The room was well equipped (very grateful for the air conditioning) and everything in the room worked.The bathroom was very small (shower only) but was well decorated and everything was in full working order.The location could not have been better, about 3 mins walk from centraal station and practically on the Dam.I did not eat in the restaurant, but please do not take this as a criticism, I just didn't get round to it. Every time I walked past the restaurant, at any time of day, it was either full or very nearly full which as a hotel manager in the UK, I know is the sign of a very, very good restaurant!In summary, a very well run hotel, clean, well presented, with a good restaurant (going on number of diners). My only criticism (and it is very minor indeed) is that the welcome from some of the staff was very polite and courteous but felt a little 'mechanical' and not too genuine. However, do not let this put you off! The Roode Leeuw is very, very good!

just the job! I stayed at the Rembrandt Centrum for 4 nights and it suited my needs perfectly. The room was absolutely spotless and everything was in working order. The staff were very efficient, helpful and polite. The hotel is in the perfect location for sightseeing (about 3 mins walk from Dam square) and over looks the Herengracht (when you open the curtains in the morning it is a most beautiful sight!)If you want 5* luxury then this hotel is not for you (but then you wouldn't be looking at this review would you?) if what you want is a well-run good, clean, honest hotel in stunning surroundings then press the book now button, trust me you'll not do better than this!

Would not go back We are big fans of all inclusive resorts and have stayed in all inclusives in Cancun, Mexico 1/2 dozen times. Those resorts were consderred 5-6 stars. So when you read this review, keep in mind what our frame of reference is.PROPERTY: The property is very nice with a nice private beach area. Depending on where your room is, you could be in for a lot of walking. The walkway between hotels is covered, but at the time of year we went, it made no difference as it was hot and humid. The beach is on one end of the hotel and most of the dining/activity is on the other end of the hotel. Its like a big rectangular layout with a meanering pool running the length of the layout. There are no elevators at the individual buildings that house the hotel rooms. ROOMS: We had a deluxe junior suite. The rooms are tiny. The smallest I have ever seen! Additionally, the air conditioning would barely keep the room cool, even if you ran it 24/7 IN CONJUNCTION with running the ceiling fan on high speed. The air conditioning intake filter was packed with about 1/2 inch of dirt/lint, etc. Apparently, it was not just our room that was like this and maintenance seems to replace the filters only when its brought to their attention. We were in a group of 14 people and everyone's rooms had the same air conditioning issues, some worse than others depending on the floor of the building. When you are out in the blazing heat all day and cannot even come to your room for a break, its quite disappointing. We also had a red ant infestation that seemed to have been created by the sugar near the coffee maker (either prior guests or room not properly cleaned).SERVICE: The service here was deplorable. From the rooms, the bars, to the pool side service to the diniing rooms (buffet or non buffet). A few examples....At the main pool cabana where towels are given out, at 9:45 a.m. one morning, they had no towels! In the rooms, we often were left with no floor towel, without ANY face towels, less bath towels, etc. At the bars (ANY of them and we frequented ALL of them), they are understaffed and unfriendly, unattentive and very slow. It seemed that unless you were greasing the staff with wads of cash, in advance of receiving your drink, service was not forthcoming. In the dining rooms, silverware would often be missing and take forever to get. Asking for a drink or a refill of water was another issue. We are used to the staff somethering us asking if we need something and here, you ask and ask and ask and finally get what you need when the meal is over. They seem to be able to habdle the buffet breakfast best. Pool side- there is usually 1 person covering a very large area and as a result, your drink will take 10-15 minutes if its early and if its peak time, figure 1/2 hour.DINING/FOOD: Food was acceptable. The variety was not impressive over a 6 day stay and the quality was so-so. One plus is that if you want to eat at a fancier restaurant, you do not need to make reservations unless you are in a large group. We went to the 4 out of the 5 restaurants and would recommend the French and Japanese ones the most. One issue is that you are expected to wear pants in most of the dining areas for the evening (with a proper shirt). While this is not a problem, in and of itself, its a big issue when its still hot as heck outside and the A/C is barely effective or on in the dining areas. Especially in the Japanese restaurant where there are open grills giving off heat.The staff do not seem well trained and do not have the right attiudes either. Also, not all of them speak sufficient English so be forewarned.

Great Service and Property We arrive late and unfortunately the hotel did not have our requested two bedded room available but the desk clerk volunteered to get the front desk manager who appologized, compensated us with a free dinner in the hotel restaurant and by the time we were through eating our request room was ready.The room was very large with two queen beds and plenty of room to move around plus large desk space, large closet, large bathroom with tub shower.The place was immaculately maintained and service always very professional and friendly...the even loaned me an umbrella one day and went out of their way with typical tourist questions.An excellent location just a block from Times Square, buses, subway, tour buses and all the conveniences and trappings of this great big beautiful ciy.Definately recommend.

Generic Motor Hotel Two Holiday Inn's, back-to-back: This one and the H.I. Express Seattle. Very close to the space needle and a couple of blocks to the free bus zone going downtown. Generic rooms with microwave and mini-fridge. Newer properties, very clean and well equipted. Parking was $4.50 a day. This place is clean and well located to Seattle Center and within decent proximity to downtown.

Excellent choice Supurb location directly across the street from a fantastic beach that is like a private lagoon which is protected by a breakwater wall allowing for calm waters to about six feet deep. The hotel is very nice, well maintained with a lovely lobby and fine rooms.This hotel is in a perfect location, all Waikiki activity within easy walking distance yet gorgeous room views and stunning giant aquarium restaurant.Highly recommended and would most definately stay again. The price / quality ratio is outstanding.

Central and superb Superb hotel with a good location in the heart of Berlin.Large, clean, comfortable and well-equipped room. Efficient and attentive staff.Short stay for business - not even time for breakfast - but I would unhesitatingly return.

Great Hotel I stayed with a few friends for the Miami Half Marathon. This hotel is a very easy 10 minute drive from the start of the race. We had a suite with 2 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms and a full kitchen. Everything was very clean, checkin and checkout was smooth, the free breakfast (eaten after the race) was excellent. Unfortunately there were some loud guests or pool crashers around 1:30-2:30 AM that interrupted my sleep. I believe that they were kicked off the premises. I can't blame the hotel for this incident.I'd gladly stay there again.

Luxury Hotel: but don't use the glassware! Very large Luxury hotel; however, as is the rule now with luxury hotels that provide in-room glassware (coffee cups, wine and water glasses, etc.); Drink out of them at your own risk!!!! I routinely work in room during business stays, the Moneteleone was no exception. During our stay, I routinely watched as the staff cleaned our used room glassware and coffepot by simply rinsing them out in the sink and wiping them down with....yes....our used bathroom towels. This is apparently now a standard sinful practice coming to light in luxury hotels. How to quickly tell if this has happened in your room in this or any hotel? Look at the cleaning carts in the halls; if they do not have trays of sanitary wrapped glassware, then you can guarantee the glassware in your room has not been replaced and is instead getting the luxury wipedown. Those glasses may not have seen a dishwasher since they were first placed in the room when the hotel was first built.Will stay there again but will adopt the Motel-6 cleanliness standard and bring my own styrofoam/disposable drinking ware.

Stay somewhere else! This was the final night of a 28 day trip around Australia and New Zealand and I booked this place to break up the long trip from New Zealand back to the UK.The Good:- Location is good right on the waterfront and if you have a view of the harbour I expect it would be pretty nice (although not as good as one of the circular quay hotels such as Four Seasons or the Marriott)- Decor is nice and modern with nice colours in the room and a big (I'd guess 32) TVThe Bad:- Check-in was only manned by one person who was clearly very busy. I checked in and was told to go to my room and given a key. Imagine my surprise when I walked into the room to find two other guests already in there. They were extremely surprised to see me as I was to see them. If I had been them I would have been very angry with someone walking in unannounced - I felt very bad about this.I understand mistakes do happen but I feel this could so easily have been avoided and put a downer on the whole stay at the hotel. The desk clerk was verbally apologetic and I asked him to call the occupants of the first room to apologize.The second room I was given was by far the smallest of all the hotels I stayed at during the trip and was the furthest from reception there was on the 3rd floor. It had a small window which was high up and did not open. This faced the street and had a view of a tiny bit of the road leading to the harbour bridge. The notepad in the room still had the previous guest's notes on it.No mention or further apology for the room incident was given at check-out or at any other time during my stay.- I was not met by a porter at the arrival door and had to drag my heavy bags up some stairs to reception and to my room(s)- Left luggage is kept behind a roped area right next to the door rather than in a separate secured room as in other hotels. I suppose this is secure if there is a porter watching it permanently but I was still anxious leaving my belongings there.- The other person in my party in another room found a cockroach in their room as they were departing.I would definitely not stay at this hotel again. Earlier on in the trip I stayed at the Marriott Sydney Harbour for a week and this is a fantastic hotel. It is preferable in every respect with far better service, an excellent exec lounge, excellent views, and better service, location and rooms.

Fantastic hotel in a great location View from room at night

All we expected from the TripAdvisor reviews! We chose Amsterdam for a short post Christmas break and selected this hotel based upon the Tripadvisor reviews. Excellent hosts, with obvious pride in ownership, very helpful and friendly. Well furnished, clean, small rooms with little cupboard or draw space, but certainly warm enough during a cold spell in January.. Good quality breakfast (included in our rate). Location is ideal for the concert hall and other Museum area attractions although a little far from the centre of town unless you use public transport ( which is close by).We enjoyed our stay here and I would think this hotel excellent for a short break where you don't expect to spend much time in your room.

Excellent Location For a long weekend and first visit to Madrid this was an ideal location. In the pedestrianised area, close to two Metro stations (Calao and Sol)giving good access to all the major sights/sites either by (cheap, efficient) Public Transport or on foot. Using the Metro we were in our room in about 70 minutes of touching down! The trip involves two line changes which involve some walking and stairs so you might not enjoy it if you have heavy luggage. We chose to use a shuttle bus service the hotel arranged for our departure (8 euros each), very efficient and easily organised. We had the buffet breakfast and found it good quality and reasonable value. With better weather we would have looked for more interesting alternatives after our first morning.The room we had, at the back, was quiet, clean and well maintained. We thought the bathroom was better than 3 star standardThe staff were all cheerful, friendly, helpful and with varying levels of good English.Overall the hotel contributed to an enjoyable break.

Location OK IF you use the Metro! We stayed 3 days(2 nights) over a weekend at the end of October. The hotel room was good. clean, modern and quiet (we faced a blank wall at the back). The staff were efficient and fluent in English. We did not try the breakfast buffet preferring a cheap light meal in a cake shop (coffee/croissants/bread for less than 5 euros each.) My only doubt about returning would be location. We walked from Sants station when we arrived and this took at least 30 mins. It takes 15 mins to walk to La Rambla and whilst this does not sound much it is a pain at the beginning and end of every excursion! We walked 16 miles on Day1 and then tried the Metro. (nearest station 5 minutes) This was very easy efficient cheap and safe. I would recommend it to everyone.

Overall great - modern style room Overall very good. We used the room, lobby and garage for a one night stay as tourists in Berlin. We got a room (295) in the renovated section and liked the style and amenities. They have integrated the bathroom and closet, in a functional way. The room felt spacious and in addition to the queen (?) size bed a desk/chair and one sitting chair. Lots of useable shlf spaces in the room. The tv was small. The room did face Budapester Strasse, still the noise was OK, even when we opened the window.The checkout was ok - except for a discussion over a charge for a pay for movie we did not watch and the hotel waived the charge. We did hang out for 20 min in the lobby and it is large, I'd like it to be a bit more cozy.Regarding the booking: we used hotwire to book and then found out rooms in Swissotel (highter rated in tripadvisor) were available for the same rate.

Elegant hotel, good service, great breakfast location We stayed at the Mark Hopkins for four nights in April, and had a very enjoyable stay there, all in all. The entrance and lobby of the hotel is elegant. The service at check-in was ok. The receptionist was effective, but should have been a bit more attentive and friendly. In general, however, we were very pleased with the service at the hotel. Many former reviewers have complained about having to wait for a long time for the elevator to arrive. We never experienced this problem, however.Our room, a deluxe corner room, on the eight floor was quite nice and had a good view of the northern part of the city. The difference in size between a classic room and a deluxe room is quite minimal, however. (My parents-in-law and my brother, who also stayed at the hotel, stayed in classic rooms). But usually the deluxe rooms have better views than the classic rooms. The bath room was also nice. It included a large tub that our little son enjoyed very much. The knob on the shower, however, was not in tip-top condition. The night we arrived, my wife wanted to take a shower, and not being used to that type of knob, she pulled it in the wrong direction, which resulted in the knob braking. You could clearly see from all the glue inside the knob that this was not the first time this had happened. The front desk immediately sent a plummer to fix the problem, however. A negative aspect with the rooms is that they are quite poorly sound isolated, as many others have pointed out. We could on a couple of occasions clearly hear which tv program our neighbour was watching. A very nice surprise was that breakfast is served at the Top-of-the-mark, a bar on the top of the hotel with a fantastic 360-degree view of the city. The service, quality and range of the food being served was also very good. The location of the hotel is in our opinon, perfect. Because it is on the top of Nob Hill, most rooms have very good views. It takes only five minutes walk to Union Square and Chinatown. There is a nice park , Huntington Park, just 50 meters from the hotel, and it also has a children`s playground.

Loved this hotel, beds were so comfy, slept so well! View from pool area

It was ok, could be better I booked this on priceline and got it for $85 with tax in. I'm glad I didn't pay more. The room was going for around $150 plus tax on the hotel site and elsewhere.First off, the lobby is nice, it was recently re-done and the outside of the building. It's now white and not brownish looking (I wish I took some pix to post)Checked in at 9pm (flight came in late), 20 minutes waiting in line, got a room, and when I opened the door it was a mess! It seemed like it was someones room and I left and went downstairs and complained. They waived the parking fee as a goodwill gesture (which I didn't even ask for). They said the room said it was cleaned and no one is in there and said sorry about that. So they gave me another room. Room was ok. It was dated for sure, looked late 80's/early 90's. The bed was ok. The bathroom had a jetted tub which was nice.So I finished putting my bags away, and parked the car. $10 for self parking, that's fine with me. I hate valet and waiting for them to bring the car so I didn't choose that. The walk was about 5 minutes across the street which didn't bother me at all, however I wish they gave better directions/signage it was confusing and annoying. The pool/hot tub is decent, the beach area is nice. I would rate this a 3* hotel, and i'm sure in time the rooms will be updated as the outside/lobby were recently done and that would improve the hotel but I don't think I would stay here again after my experience.

5 star resort with 2 star food We just retuned form Bahia Principe and had a great time. A beautiful looking resort with many things to keep you busy throughout the day and night. I have rencently turned 30 and have travelled all throught the Caribbean and have stayed at mostly 5 star resorts. This could be classified a five star resort if the food was upgraded. The rooms are nice, the grounds are beautiful, the pools are great and the staff was very helpful and nice but the food has to be changed to get an honest 5 star rating . The two words of the week were OIL and UNDERCOOKED. Everything that is served is undercooked, bacon, sausage, burgers, be careful and if it was cooked it was floating in oil. Oil in you eggs, oil in your pasta and even oil in your bacon containers. Believe it or not the bread, as it may sound funny was nice and fresh daily and a nice addition to our meals. The last thing that I want to do is scare people from this resort, I am not a picky eater but like most who travel have conserns on what I eat. As posted earlier book your specialty restaurants the first day you arrive or you will miss out. The other problem I have is a pay safe. I have stayed in a dozen all inclusive resorts and this is the first resort that I had to pay for the use of a safe, $28us a week. Most resorts charge you for a lost safe key but never for the use of their safe.The pools were great, nice and big with plenty of room to yourself to float at your own leisure. The chairs were usually no problem to get a couple as long as your not too late of a sleeper. Usually we would get up and get them around 8am and had no problems at all, by 10:00am the were getting full but there were still some to be had.The beach was nice with plenty of chairs and plenty of trees to get some nice shade and even a nice nap. The water was beautiful and the beach was nice and clean.Everyone who writes here will have a different experience even if there were there on the same week. I had a great time with just food being my only real concern from rating this resort real good. Take what we write with a grain of salt and go enjoy yourself. We all need a holiday and we make that holiday special with the people we go with and the people we meet.

A real disappointent We were extremely disappointed in this hotel. The staff was rather unfriendly, uncaring and not at all helpful. When we arrived, we were supposed to get parking for our car; however, upon our arrival we were told that there wad no more spots available so we should park in the public garage over one block away. We were not told at the time of the reservation that parking was not always available. The rooftop pool was in disrepair as the wood was not in good condition and even more important the pool was the size of a very tiny private pool. We were shocked at how small the pool was. The sundeck did not have enough chairs nor towels. We have traveled extensively and throught that this hotel would be good based on the web pictures; however, the pictures are real deceiving. We would never go back to this hotel and would not recommend it to anyone.

Wonderful Holiday My wife and I just returned from the Ambar on Jan.4/09 and had a wonderful holiday. The check into the hotel went very smoothly with no problems. The room was everything that I expected and upon arrival was decorated in balloons as it was my birthday the following day. The beach area was what we felt the nicest along that stretch , as it was very deep with lots of lounge chairs available even though you had to go and put something on them early in the morning. The pool area was very large but we spent most of our time at the beach even though making numerous trips to the pool bar for refreshments. It was enjoyable being at an all Adult resort in particular that time of year when families are travelling with young children. We had no problems with reservations in any of the a la carte restaurants. I spoke to some people who had problems getting the reservations and when they showed up without were not allowed in even though the restaurant was not filled at all near capacity.I clarified this with guest services who advised me there are times when people reserve and do not show up so they have to book around the numbers showing. If everyone showed up whenever it would be disastrous and reservations would not work. I would suggest taking the shuttle around the full property on your first day as it is very large when leaving the Ambar property itself. This way you know where everything is located early on your holiday. As for the workers not speaking a lot of English they were very encouraging to try to assist us in speaking Spanish and took extra time in doing so.( we should attempt to adapt). All in all in was an excellent trip with great service. I only had one meal not satisfactory during the week and it was only because of what I ordered. I enjoyed the quietness, relaxing evenings with my wife and friends in the lobby bar. If you look on the liquor menu in the lobby it will tell you which of the drinks are on the all inclusive, that way I was able to order Bacardi Gold. Make sure you take insulated containers for drinks, they are great. I have the Bubba containers and could have set up a stand and sold them.

Good Location no AC dated room and average breakfast I booked this place at orbitz for $145 per night for first week of may 2007 . The location of this property is great .beside the famous pine street and cable car . You can walk to chinatown .They don't have AC in the rooms so if it get hot be ready to turn on the fans . Breakfast offered in average ( donuts, muffin, bagel , coffee and juice ) . i booked this place as it the only hotel with kitchenette . During the travel i stayed one night at Hilton on fisherman wharf which is lot better .It will be better if they upgraded the hotel .

Great Hotel Excellent Location We stayed at the Hotel Luxembourg Parc for the first time when we arrived in Paris. We enjoyed the hotel and the people that operate the facility.. It is kept in the most beautiful condition and the location is perfect for walking. We had originally planned staying at a different hotel when we returned to Paris but we enjoyed Luxembourg Parc that we stayed there again and enjoyed it as much as we enjoyed it the first time

A bit of a dump in all honesty I really didn't like this hotel at all. It seemed REALLY tired, worn out and the rooms were small, cramped and the bed was like sleeping on a slab of rock cut out from the nearby Blue Mountains.. The fact that Sydney was experiencing over 100 millimetres of rain at the time didn't help the overall experience either!!My family and I stayed here for one night preparing for our international flight to Seoul the following day, and we're lucky we only had to spend one night here. Definatrely will be spending a bit extra to stay somewhere else next time we have to stay near the airport. We actually ate at the airport as well, skipping their restaurant :)I can't believe this hotel is rated 4 star by trip advisor, good to see all the other reviews on this site give similar ratings to mine :)Happy Travels.

Amazing Service Skyline at Night from the room

Over Rated We were very disappointed in this five star hotel. We rented three different rooms for family members for three nights. Breakfast should have been included in the price. Our in-room coffee maker was dirty (white material floating in the freshly made coffee and inside the water tank). Made complaint to management, took till next day and another complaint in order to obtain clean coffee maker. In the meantime, went to breakfast area for only coffee and would have been charged for two complete buffets but did not sign the receipt. The final hotel bill did contain the buffet charges and had an unpleasant discussion with management to get it resolved in our favor. Three people were in our room, requested an extra towel and it took another call the next day to receive service. The location is good, clean hotel but we would not stay there again. Parking was free for hotel guests, good point. Smoking in public areas should be banned.

Great location; great accommodation In the market 1

Excellent Budget Airport Hotel Exterior of the Ibis Schiphol Airport Hotel

Great Hotel! Stayed here for a few nights in Jan 2008. It's a lovely hotel in a very good location for cafes, restaurants and shopping. The area around is nice and quiet. Great location for touring the Latin Quarter. Staff are very friendly. We had a lovely room and there is a cosy room downstairs beside the bar. Could not find one fault with this hotel. Have stayed in other hotels in Paris before which were terrible. Will return to Luxembourg Parc again. Highly recommend it.

Great Family Hotel Our family of 5 really loved this hotel.We booked a family room that turned out to be very spacious and had 2 single beds,a double bed and a Queen sofa in 2 separate rooms.The location itself cannot be beat,close to Union Square,with great shopping and restaurants and the Cable Car basically at your door.John the Concierge is very helpful with directions and tips and although parking is a bit pricey,although typical for San Francisco,it is very convenient.We loved our stay in San Francisco made better by choosing to stay at The Handlery Union Square.

Loud Within walking distance of Piers. Price wasn't bad. People were very helpful. Room was clean but dated. Beds were uncomfortable. It was right on the street and very noisy. Traffic and drinkers from the bar across the street made it difficult for a light sleeper.

Value for Price I spent 5 nights at the Hotel de France for vacation in San Francisco. The location is excellent close to the cable cars and within walking distance of Union Square and Market St. There are many restaurants close by and the hotel provides a breakfast that is free with your stay. That said the breakfast is just average and there is no choice of juice, something which I found inexplicably annoying. The rooms are of average size, clean but a tad down at heels. Mine had an ugly black vinyl sofa that somewhat spoiled the effect of any attempt at decor that might have been attempted. That said the rooms are clean and the baths are more than adequate and there is a huge claw foot tub. (If someone in your party is physically challenged this may be a problem.) Public areas are quaintly charming and the elevator is amusing and works remarkably well for its age. They have an excellent dining room, however I am not sure as I would recommend the package that they offer due to the many dining choices offered in SF. Service is wildly variable and I agree with a previous reviewer that the gentleman who owns the hotel does not always seem like he wishes you were there. There also seems to be an unseemly emphasis on the bill, and while I only ate one of the two meals in the dining room, nothing was deducted from my bill. While all in all I was not dissatisfied with the stay, given the wide range of accomadations in SF I most likely would not stay there again

Unique decor, nice service good location I stay at Kimpton Hotels whenever I can. First because they are pet friendly and I often bring my small dog and second you can always rely on them to be interesting, well appointed and comfortable. I found the Serrano to be no different. An older building it is attractive and has a decor that is unique. The rooms are slightly on the small side, but the beds are comfortable, there is good water pressure and they are are attractively decorated. The toiletries are nice and the rooms are always clean. The staffs are always friendly and helpful and the concierage service extraordinary. As per a previous reviewer I too have found that as Kimpton loyalty member, the Serrano does not always provide the amenities the you are supposed to get, but that said a bottle of warm water and a biscotti (that seems to be the usual for me)is really not missed. But if say you are going to provide something you should.I would definately stay at the Serrano again, in fact I am booked for this upcoming weekend. As far as the location is concerned I never felt unsafe and it is close to Union Square and Powell Street

A Great Little Hotel I have been meaning to write this review for awhile and am just now getting around to it. I stayed at the Best Western Regina for two nights prior to a transatlantic cruise. It was my second choice and I have never been so pleased. The hotel sits on a street not far from Las Ramblas in an old building that has been redecorated in modern European style. My room, while not large was attractively decorated and had french doors leading to a Juliet balcony overlooking the street. As far as I was concerned this was worth the cost of admission. The bed was comfortable and in a alcove and out of the way. There were great Bath amenities and the Bathroom was good sized and well appointed. I still don't get the glass half door thing on the tub, but there you go. There is a great bar although one night it was full of unpleasant americans (and I am an American) and a decent restaurant in the sister hotel next door. I had breakfast that came with the meal and the breakfast was excellent and the room attractive The location is great near the main plaza, Las Ramblas and El Corte Angles (great department store) is nearby. There is a tourist bus stop across the way. I found it conveniant to walk to many things. A few caveats (which would not keep me from going back) Several times early in the AM someone would rattle the room door And the staff while friendly and efficient was unable to cash a travellers cheque or convert currency which I found odd. That said this hotel was a find and cost about 140Euros which I felt was a deal

OK for the price if you get a room away from the street. I had a hard time finding a decent place downtown that would allow pets for under $125 a night. This place was the best compromise under $100. It is in a nice middle class neighborhood but is on one of the busiest surface streets in the city so there is a lot of road noise. The top floor rooms have a vaulted ceiling which is nice and the rooms were old but clean. This is an older motel. Having just left a Carmel BB that was not much more expensive than this motel, it seemed expensive for what you got. It is convenient to most of the tourist attractions and there are several decent restaurants within walking distance. The staff was very friendly and helpful.

ups and downs in hoxton Well where to start with the hoxton. Coming out of the tube station and walking past the dingy takeaways and cab offices did make me wonder why I had booked into this particular hotel. However once you find the hotel and walk into the reception/lobby things start to change. Very attentive service, and the rooms certainly live up to the billing of quality at an affordable price, especially their weekend rate. Be warned though I asked for a quiet room away from the main road, which I got, but then found that the noise from the bar carried up the central space until the wee hours. Good for party animals but not when having to catch the first train out of London the following morning. Overall a great hotel for the price, a concept that works, however be aware when booking that you must be prepared to compromise on some things such as sleep, if your into that sort of thing.

Funky hotel Una Hotel Vittoria Clean (other than room carpet)Funky bedrooms lights to play with!Great breakfastQuiet, off street location but 20mins walk to city centreNice outside area for coffee / drinks from barSome good local barsNice restaurants just across riverHotel bar prices expensive but normal

First class service at La Concha!!! Date: Novembre 22-24Reviewer: A TripAdvisor Member, Puerto RicoStaying for a weekend at La Concha hotel was the best experience in a long time after visiting diferents hotels at diferents destiantion. Right from the moment of arrival the service was first class! The employees how attended me and the needs of my mother where excelents. Handling every request at it's best. I was attended by Frankie aponte, who delivered an outstanding orientation service about how to enjoy the hotel at its best, he actually took me around the hotel facilities and he made sure that we had every single detail cover. He took me to see the facilities of PERLAS Restaurant that looks like a fancy high class English Ballroom, wich I recomend for that romantic dinner or just for the best treat of the family. The Bedroom was a millionare luxury ocean front property with a great atmotfere. I called room service for coffe and within 5 five minutes they where knocking at my door with it. I shared great memories with others visitors and tourist staying at the hotel too wich made my time even better. On last day I spoke with Hotel staff Mr. Casannova who also gave us that warm feeling of what great service is all about and made sure that we had a memorable time. If You want to feel like a millionare for a couple days in your vacation in PR, I highly recomend this great , luxury and affordable hotel in wich you will be getting pampered and be treat as part of a Royal Family. I will actually stay there again for my wedding night before departing for a carribbean cruise. Thank's.Gonzalez, Puerto Rico.

Great hotel, okay stay First, I must say the staff and the hotel are wonderful. I had been to Coconut Grove before-during the day and for dinner, but never stayed overnight. If your are not aware, it can get loud on the weekends...all night long. We had an upgraded king suite in the 17th floor. The view was nice, but we were on the street-side that had traffic and party-goers all night long. Think 17 floors up it would be serene, but it was like we were forced to party along with them. Too bad we had to get up early, and our sleep was required. The A/C unit was like an airplane, but it came in handy to drown out the other noise. In a nutshell, I loved the room service and the staff. The room was great and spotless, but just a VERY loud and uncomfortable location for us. Next time maybe we'll ty another sonesta property in a better location for us.

lives up to the reviews We just returned from a 4 night stay and can echo the positive reviews - the hotel is definitely a gem and lives up to the descriptions here.We paid more than the price listed on this tripadvisor page and as a result it is was the most I've paid for a hotel of this class, but considering the cost of hotels in Paris it wasn't unreasonable. As others have commented, the rooms are spotlessly clean and the staff are very nice and helpful. But the best part is the location - we were able to walk everywhere - as a result we were hardly ever in the hotel. It's incredibly easy to get to/from the airports on the RER - we came in from ORY (flew OpenSkies from NYC, a great airline!) and it took less than 30 minutes. I'll definitely call the HGH first the next time we go to Paris.

Second stay, just as good Stayed at Jurys for the second time on the weekend follwing Thanksgiving. Upon arrival we were welcomed back (acknowledged for having stayed there once before) and given the same room we had during our last stay.The room is of decent size, was perfectly clean and the bed is very comfortable.Given the consistancy I've experienced and the relatively good value, considering the amenities and location, Jurys is my first choice when staying in Boston.

Sweet and Sour My wife and I stayed here for two nights in January, each separated by a week as we traveled abroad. The first night was fantastic, among the very best of our 2 week/4 country vacation. The room was huge and beautiful - filled with delicious incense as we entered for the first time. Room service was great and, I thought, very reasonably priced. The staff was very friendly and gracious (void of the South Beach attitude). We left the next morning very much looking forward to returning for another night a week later.Unfortunately when we returned we had a completely different experience. The staff seemed completely inundated with a conference that was being held there and we were obviously not the priority - we didn't even get assistance with our luggage. Our room was right next to the elevator despite the fact that I had specifically requested one away from the elevator (and it's in my 'profile' with MO). When I asked the manager if another room was available he said he could give me a suite for a good rate!!! They tried to up-sell me after giving me exactly what I had asked not to have - I felt like I had been scammed. An experience I would never have expected to have at a service oriented 5-star hotel.That experience burned me so bad I'm not sure I'd go back, despite having had a wonderful stay on the first night. My advice - ask if there will be a conference while you're there. If so, check out the new Four Seasons.

Superb service in every way My wife and I spent a week in Berlin staying at the Ritz Carlton.Our upgraded room (courtesy of American Express Platinum) was very big, beautifully decorated, and with a large bathroom with separate shower and every amenity. Towels were changed twice a day, unless you asked not to. The included buffet breakfast had everything you could possibly want...all kinds of breads, fish, fresh fruit and juice, dry cereals, etc. In addition , they made any hot dish you wanted, eggs, pancakes, etc. to order.The concierge (Marc and Thorsten) desk was fabulous. They made all of our restaurant reservations and the recommendations they added to our selections were excellent. They gave us perfect directions with clarity to all of the places we wanted to see, including Potsdam (Sans Souci)...via train and connecting bus.My wife had left a brooch in our hotel in Dresden. The concierge desk called the hotel we had stayed at; when that hotel, the Taschenbergpalais Kempinske, also excellent ,found the jewelry, they arranged to have the brooch sent overnight mail to us in Berlin without any expense to us.Lunch in the Debrosses Cafe/Bistro was superb. Everyone on the staff was pleasant and cheerful. We have stayed in many deluxe hotels, but the Ritz Carlton Berlin was one of the finest experiences we have ever had........and they had no attitude!

Memorable I stayed here about 6 years ago as a kid with my parent's. My dad had a conference here. I remember it being a truely wonderful place, and the private island they have was to die for. The tram ride is also a pretty unique thing. All in all, you could stay here your entire time in Puerto Rico and never leave the resort. However, I would recommend a trip into San Juan (on a tour) at least once, and the jungle tour as well.

Very Nice Hotel This is a very nice hotel out from the hustle and bustle but only three tube stops away from the centre. Recommend buying the 10 journey tube ticket for convenience. Very nice small neat hotel with very friendly staff. It serves continental breakfast which is an adequate start to the day and the bar is very cosy after a long day.We booked directly with the hotel which was the same price as other web sites but they included the continental breakfast in their price. Some rooms only have a shower so if baths are your thing book a room with a bath in advance. Recommend the Blue and Red bus tours which leave fom Catalonya Square every 15 minutes and if you buy the two day pass you will more than save the additional costs by using the discount vouchers given. All the main attractions and food outlets take them. Avoid Las Ramblas restaurants as they are only there to serivce the tourists. There are plenty of nice ,better value restaurants on the side streets.

Great hotel This was one of the best hotels i satyed at. the rooms were clean, they were a little small but you would would expect that in New York. we stayed there for 4 days. The location in this hotel was fantastic two blocks from times square right in the middle of the city . we stayed on the 10th floor and it was quite on this floor . I highly recomend this hotel

great hotel We were on vacation in sanfransicso for a week , and this was a great hotel to stay in. the location was also great right in union square, it was close to a lot of things. the hotel was old but is was in good condition. I would recormennd this hotel to anyone going to sanfransico

Recommended if you're on a budget Lobby

to be avoided at all costs The only redeeming feature of this so-called 5 star hotel is the location - Dam Square - and even that in the middle of summer can be overcrowded and noisy. We arrived at 6.15 in the morning after a long flight from Ecuador, and had to wait 10 minutes until someone answered the night porter bell - not something one would expect from a 5 star hotel. Check in was fine . The room was real disappointment. Shabby , run down, and in need of a complete refurbishment. The public areas are those you would expect from a 2-3 star hotel - all again in need of a major updating. - particularly the carpets.Will never stay there again.

Very convenient for reaching Parc Guell, quite and reserved Nice hotel, not very close to Las Ramblas (but that's why I like it). Relaxing, nice and friendly staff (for italian people: large part of them can speak in italian). Quite difficult to find because it's not on the main street. 10 minutes faraway by foot from Lesseps underground station.In 15 minutes you can reach town center. Rooms of various size (have been there for 3 times), clean and with good facilities. Some rooms are quite distant from wireless Internet connection so there's not a top class connection. Continental breakfast is Ok but not so wonderful for italian people(I'm italian but I'm used to stay abroad in hotel for working so no problems for me). Only 10minutes walking faraway from Park Guell, one of the most beautiful places in Barcellona in my opinion.

Marvelous Hotel This was our first visit to New York City and what a marvelous hotel from which to experience the delights of such a cosmopolitan city. The Hilton Times Sq.is welcoming,sophisticated and highly professional. The rooms are spacious,clean and well serviced. The views from our 42nd floor window surpassed expectation even after reading the reviews.So close to the hustle and bustle and life in Times Square yet an oasis of calm sophistication.We will most certainly return to this hotel.

5 star service I had very nice business/culture experience in Barcelona this week. I booked hotel Itaca through h10.es website, room prices on double for single use were 67 euros for two nights and 83 e for last night including breakfast buffee. What get is five star service for price of three or four. Free Cava for welcoming and on breakfast though other guests were quite passive having a free drink. There is a large supermercado around the corner where you can get drinks, crisps etc. cheaply so you have to pay high minibar prices. Room was small but comfortable. Bathroom was equipped with toiletries and many towels. No bathrobe though.Breakfast buffee was standard, greasy scrambled eggs and bacon to satisfy british customers. Coffee pot was served to table but coffee was only warm not hot.Location of hotel Itaca is very good. Avinguada de Roma is busy street but noise so much issue. It is couple of hundred meters to Barcelo Sants train station and to metro.It took about 30 minutes to walk to the Catalonia plaza. Taxi costs from 6 to 9 euros.

The best at Boston Logan We stayed at the Boston Logan Hilton earlier this month (June) prior to flying back to the west coast. In a nutshell, this Hilton-franchised property may be on the spendy side, but on balance it's worth the price paid.This Hilton has recently undergone a change in ownership, and as a result the hotel has undergone some cosmetic improvements including new bedding, new carpeting in the rooms and common areas, and new tile and fixtures in the bath. The result is that the hotel is in almost new shape and is exceptionally clean and well-maintained. Our room was on the 10th (highest) floor; rooms at the ends of the hallways are quite a walk from the centrally located elevators. This Hilton does have a lounge on the 10th floor. HVAC worked well, bedding was exceptionally comfortable, and linens and towels were spotlessly clean. The hotel recently equipped its rooms with large, LCD flat-panel hi-definition televisions with digital sound. The hotel has the best location at Boston Logan and two recently-opened sky bridges connect the hotel directly to the International Terminal and to Delta Airline's new terminal. We have stayed at this property a number of times over the past few years, both on business trips and vacations. When on business we actually prefer staying at this Hilton property, either using a cab or the nearby water taxi to get into the downtown core. We were pleased to find a number of bell and front desk staff still at the hotel since our last visit in October. The staff is generally very, very helpful and eager to please. As an example, my wife and I had a number of perishable items that had to be kept cooled/frozen. Aside from a mini-bar, the rooms do not have mini-fridges. to our amazement, within five minutes of calling the guest services line, a mini-fridge was delivered and set up in our room at no charge. Additional added-value touches include that the hotel's shuttle van will deliver you to or pick you up from any of the nearby car rental centers, again at no cost. This level of service is extraordinary in our view.Others have mentioned here that the hotel imposes many charges on guests. It's true that parking can run $35 per night and that internet access runs about $10 a day. Food - especially room service - is similarly very expensive. We didn't havea car to park, we used the business center internet-equipped computers that can be rented on an hourly basis, and frankly the food we ordered was delicious (especially the clam chowder!!).Our stay at the Boston Logan Hilton was great from the painless and rapid check-in to the ease of checking out and the helpfulness of the shuttle driver. We highly recommend the Hilton Boston Logan.

For the business traveler overpriced, noisy, and crowded I am a Hilton Diamond HHonors member and recently stayed in the Ali'i Tower on a business trip to Honolulu as I have for over ten years. Sadly, I plan to not return to the Hilton Hawaiian Village, but shift to the Hilton Prince Kuhio.For the rates one is charged to stay in the Ali'i Tower - presumably the best lodging offered, one would expect a higher level of guest service and certainly a better stay experience. Unfortunately, both were lacking from the time I checked in right through my stay.Making my reservation using the Hilton Family website was effortless as is always the case.The only way I can desribe checkin is the word bedlam. The valet parking ($28 a night) personnel were overwhelmed and cars were backed up for a 20 minute wait. After leaving my car, I went directly to the Ali'i Tower, which touts its separate check in facilities. Unfortunately, the check-in counter was innundated with groups of guests. Checking in involved a wait of almost 30 minutes and I was disappointed to find no automated check-in kiosk.The greatest disappointment of my stay was my room. I had requested a quiet room. As an aside, at the Ali'i Tower, you can reserve - and of course pay for - one of three room types (full coean view, partial ocean view, or garden view). Frankly, the only way you'll see the Pacific Ocean if you're in a partial ocean view room is if you're an acrobat and hang over the balcony. If you want a view of the ocean, plan on paying $100 or more per night. Otherwise, save your money and content yourself with a view of the pool or a view of the wedding chapel. When I arrived at my room on the 6th floor, I found that I had been assigned a connecting room, a room with a single key-locked door separating two guest rooms. The result is like having no door at all between rooms. The desk staff claimed that no other rooms were available in the building and that, in essence, I was stuck with what I had been assigned. A family with two or three very, very young children were in the connecting room and the noise throughout the night kept me from getting much sleep. My adivce to you is that if you're assigned a connecting room you refuse to accept the room and seek a replacement room.The simple truth is that a stay at this property is a process to (a) separate as much money from you as possible and (b) incessantly market the Hilton Grand Vacation Club to you. DIning prices (let alone room service prices) are obscene, even by resort standards. I agree with others who have recommended that you buy food and beverages at the nearby ABC stores and/or dine off-property. Frankly, if you are staying here with your family, my advice to you is this: if you have a rental car and a Costco membership card, stop at the Costco that's just off the Nimitz on the way in from the airport (right across the parking lot from the Dole Cannery). Stock up on pretty much anything you'll need (the Costco even sells hard liquoir!!!) before going on to the hotel. All the rooms have small fridges with a tiny freezer.The HIlton Village is crowded with conventioneers, grumpy families, and an almost endless stream of wedding parties. If you want a quiet island vacation, the Hawaiian Village is not for you.

A Superb Choice We returned this morning from a 4 day trip to New York and stayed at The Belvedere after, as usual, reading the reviews on Trip Advisor.Again we were not disappointed and this is one great venue and location for anyone visiting New York.The hotel is beautifully located on 48th Street and very close to Broadway and Times Square with great accessibility to the subway and all areas of NY.The staff were great, the hotel beautifully maintained and the room looked as if it had been recently refurbished. It even had a fridge and microwave.You really don't need to look any further for New York accommodation at a competitive price and I would recommend this hotel without reservation.Incidentally, it is easy to get to from JFK. Take the Airtrain to Jamaica Centre and then the E to 50th Street. The Belvedere is very close by and I hope you enjoy the hotel and NY as much as we have just done.

Great Location We found out that this is the Crew Hotel for a number of airlines and in my eyes, that is a good recommendation for somewhere to stay.The location of Parc 55 is excellent - right on the edge of Union Square and a stone's throw from the start of the cable car.A big and bustling hotel but it delivers everything that it says on the tin.Would happily recommend as a good place to stay in San Francisco.

Tres bon hotel Chambre Twin

Lovely hotel top class We arrived on 17th September and were put in room 302. This was a bit noisey due to an air conditioning unit outside the window.We asked for another room and were immediately placed in an upgraded room 607.We were staying 8 nights though so perhaps it was this reason anyway breakfast and evening wine was the best part of this hotel stay. At breakfast 2 floors share the buffet style breakfast at a rather intimate table for 4. We had great morning conversations with other guests and in the evenings were great with sometimes 12 or more people congregating on the 3rd and 5th floors for the wine and nibbles. At times the wine went on too long and we forgot to eat. The staff are very concientious and courteous at all times and I have to single out our wine helper Manny who done an excellant job of keeping us supplied of an evening. Daily papers and shoe shine service make this one of the most intimate and best value hotels I've ever stayed in.Highly recommended get booking.

Great location and room, but minimal services We spent a week at the Hotel Jazz.I can't say enough about the location, just about every neighborhood is walkable from the hotel.The entire hotel is extremely well taken care of, and the room on the 7th floor had a nice little balcony and was clean and elegantly designed/furnished.Unlike previous reviewers, I did not experience any subway rumble or noise, and the double paned glass really did a good job of keeping street noise to a minimum.As long as you appreciate Hotel Jazz for what it is, and come to terms with it's shortcomings it's a solid choice. In some ways it is more like an apartment stay than a full service hotel. My complaints have to to with the services. There are really no public spaces to speak of, so if you get a little stir crazy in your room you are out of luck. There is a very small bar area, but it closed around 9:30 pm on the two nights we tried to go there!The breakfast is expensive, and in no way worth it. The staff are either helpful, or very unhelpful. There are times when there is only one person at the desk which can be frustrating. When unhelpful, the staff borders on rude. We had bad experiences with room service as well with it not being delivered at all on two occasions.Their toiletries were also pretty disappointing. Were I to return, I would bring my own.In addition, their recommendations for restaurants and the like are pretty awful. I can wholeheartedly recommend a new restaurant in the area on RamblasCatalunya (I think #13) called Mata Mala. We are foodies, and this place was not a tourist trap like what the hotel recommends, but was a modern ingredients-driven place that we really liked. It is one block off Place Catalunya.

Showing its age but good service and location I was booked into this hotel for business travel. One thing off the bat is that even though starwood owns the hotel, they do not offer SPG points! That is pretty odd.Great location for the hotel. It is right around the corner from hotels costing 2-3 times as much as this one charges.The first room I had was pretty small, but clean and decently furnished if a little old fashioned and out of date.However, there was a smell of sewage coming from the bathroom, and next to no hot water in the shower.I complained about this, and was upgraded to a tower level room which I thought was the correct way to handle situation.This room was larger, had great hot water and was thankfully devoid of any sewage smells. It also came with access to a lounge that had complimentary breakfast in the morning and drinks and hors d'ouvres at night.I would stay here again for business, but the style of the hotel is not my thing if I were paying. That being said, service was excellent and the location can't be beat for the price.

Excellent Service at the InterContinental My wife and I visited Singapore in February 2008 and we stayed at the InterContinental Hotel, 80 Middle Road.I booked the hotel for three nights via the IC website back in April 2007, with a room rate of approximately SGD 303.00 per night and including breakfast for up to two adults. Anyone who has travelled frequently will know that breakfast in a five star hotel can cost between and per person, so to have this included in the room charge seemed more than good value. Booking through the website meant that I had a confirmed reservation at an excellent price and I have to pay for the room until I had completed my stay. After our stay I checked my credit card statement whilst continuing our travels and I was more than pleased to find that the total cost for my stay at the InterContinental was equating to slightly over per night for a wonderful room and a sumptuous breakfast.The hotel is ideally located and not too far from Raffles Hotel as well as a subway station. We each purchased a Singapore Tourist allows three use on the metro system and is excellent value for money and allows visitors to take advantage of the excellent rail links and low-cost travel around Singapore.I have visited Singapore twice before and on both occasions have stayed at the Pan Pacific Hotel and the only reason I choose it this time around was because it was more costly than the InterContinental. However, we decided to visit it whilst we were there to see if it had changed - and unfortunately for my taste it had! The interior and layout had been changed to an ultra-modern style with extremely bright colours, which probably impresses guests staying there for the first time - but it is not to my taste. Therefore extremely pleased I chose the InterContinental and would most certainly recommend it to any first-time traveller to Singapore, I would also recommend it to any traveller returning to Singapore who has been disappointed with their accommodation on previous visits.I can not praise the hotel personnel highly enough as they are always friendly, professional and courteous in all their actions. At breakfast all of the staff in the restaurant was extremely attentive to the requirements. You only needed to get up from your table for a short while to get something from the excellent buffet selection, and you would find that any dirty plates and cutlery would be removed and clean cutlery placed on the table, in addition to finding your napkin neatly folded again. One need to look around for staff when a tea or coffee refill was required as someone was always at hand to offer a refill.The hotel rooms are well appointed and as I have already indicated the breakfast is a joy to feast on and there is a wide variety of food to cater for Europeans and Asians. I never took advantage of the swimming pool, however, I did walk around all the facilities with my wife and everything looked in pristine condition.I hope I have another opportunity to visit Singapore and the InterContinental Hotel will by first choice of hotel.

Very enjoyable stay at the Machiavelli Palace This hotel was part of what made our stay in Florence so enjoyable. The room, though not large, was beautifully furnished, and we had a small balcony that looked out over the rooftops of Florence. Most lovely. The location is good - 2 blocks from the train station and close to the sites. The staff were generally very helpful. The breakfast was not the best we had in Italy, but more than satisfactory, none the less. Any complaints? Well, the plumbing was a little noisy on occasion, though that was not a constant thing, and it is a very old building. The one small elevator and the equally small lobby created problems for some when several people (with lots of lugage) were trying to check in or out all at once, but it was never a problem for us. We would certainly go back to this hotel again.

Fantastic Location View of the Hotel from the Plaza

Absolutely loved this place, you should go! Well I don't normally title a review like that. It sounds like a review written by someone who has nothing to compare it to. But I usually do well over 100,000 miles travel a year (this year could be twice that), so I stay a lot of places (check out my other reviews), and this hotel really was just terrific.The service is impeccable from beginning to end. Just go visit the bar (which by the way is on the 3F) and watch in awe as your drink is placed precisely in front of you and served immaculately. Or go to the panorama bar (actual name is the Manhattan Room) on 36F and sip a Mojito whilst looking out over the city lights. That has to rank as one of the most romantic locations I've ever been. Pity I was on a business trip!The rooms are again precisely set out with Japanese attention to detail. Every conceivable amenity is there for you (iron, kettle, bar, snacks, very comprehensive bathroom bits and bobs). The style is sort of Frank Lloyd Wright with lots of darker wood. The bed compares closely to the Marriott Heavenly Bed. Actually a bit soft for my preference but luxurious.If you are leaving from here to go Narita the Limousine Bus goes from here. You can buy your ticket from the hotel and put it on your bill. I checked out and gave them my bags, then went off to a meeting for the morning. On returning in time for the 12.30 bus, without any further query on my part my bags were brought right to the point where the bus leaves, and were loaded for me. That was very cool.I only had one meal here, a lunch in the bar. It was terrific and presented with great style (great plating as they say). There are a great variety of on-site restaurants but I did not use them.I suppose there is not too much more to say. If you are looking for a refuge from a busy world and just want everything to be taken care of, I highly recommend that you stay here.

great hotel....some minor issues Returned from The Library Hotel this evening and wanted to write a review while the experience was still fresh.Our stay was for 4 nights. This was our first trip to NYC and was to celebrate our wedding anniversary.The staff is very helpful. The location is very central with easy access to Broadway and Grand Central Station. From there, you can get virtually anywhere.The rooms, as I expected, were small, but well kept. The property is quiet and it sometimes feels as though we were the only guests on our floor. The complimentary breakfast and evening wine and cheese are nice perks. We attempted to take in the garden terrace twice, but it was full both times. For those of you looking forward to this, be aware that it is open to both hotel guests, but also the general public....therefore, very crowded.Now, for the small negative. I notified the hotel when making the reservations and while at the property that Saturday was our anniversary. Nothing was done. I can only chalk this up to an oversight, but it was disappointing nevertheless.

Excellent Ritz We've stayed at the Ritz from July 3rd through the 6th. Excellent hotel, service and rooms. A special thanks to the bartenders, Ruth and Jennifer and to the concierge David. A little overpriced, but it reminded me on so many ways in decor and service the Four Seasons in Istanbul. I will definitely stay at the Ritz when I go back to San Fran.

Do not book there please! Folks...a word of warning, booked for one night at the Hilton Times Square on the way to Houston. I booked a smoking room which was a mistake since it smelled like an ashtray. The service at the restaurant was mediocre at best. The only good thing about the hotel was the reception, which was manned by efficient personnel. There are better choices in Manhattan for the same money spent, Millenium by the UN Plaza for example, but that will be said in another review.

perfect position As all the reviews state, this hotel is in a perfect position to be able to walk to the main strip.The fact that it had a kitchen was perfect for the family as we were all sick of eating out after spending a week in Disneyland. There was a big supermarket ( Fresh and Easy I think it was called) on the main drag where fresh meat, vegetables and fruit could be purchased.The room itself was quite spacious - it also had a safe which was handy. The pool was well maintained and perfect for a dip after a day out and about.They also provided free internet access on a computer located on the 2nd floor which was great for checking e-mails, getting directions, booking tours etc.The free parking was also a bonus, as was the laundry that was resonably priced.All the staff were pleasant and the service people did a great job cleaning the rooms every day.Just a tip - do not get sucked into doing a tour of the homes of the stars. They are overpriced and you really don't see anything!!I would recommend this hotel to anyone.

Not unless you are desperate The only thing this hotel has going for it is that it is only one block from the beach. Even so, there are plenty of other places to stay that are just as close or even closer.While the room itself was adequate, don't expect to be spoiled.The building is old and leaks - one morning they had water dripping out of the ceiling near the lift on the first floor.The pool, or should I say a pond, is only accessible by walking out of the hotel and through the underground parking garage. Not exactly a convenient location.The 'free' continental breakfast is a disgrace - no milk or butter. Bread (no toaster) and a few bread rolls. IF you arrive in the first ten minuted you might be lucky enough to get a banana!!!! The coffee from the urn was cold and the only juice available was guava!!!!My advice is to anyone who is unlucky enough to stay here is to go next door to the bakery and spend a couple of dollars on a croissent, then head to Starbucks across the road for a coffee.Don't bother trying to get any information from the travel desk - the people who work there seem to know less than the average tourist - that is if they will get off the phone long enough to talk to you.Sorry to be so negative but these were my experiences.My advice is to look elsewhere

this is the best! Out of all the five stars that I have stayed at in Sydney, this was the best by far!The level of service was outstanding, from check in through to dining room service.Had booked a room and was upgraded to a suite because it was my wife's birthday! They have an Executive Lounge that you are given access to which has free coffee and drinks. The staff in here went out of their way to make us feel welcome and could not do enough to help. The room itself was very comfortable with magnificent views over Sydney Harbour and the Opera House.Breakfast was very nice with an egg chef on hand to freshly prepare omelettes, pancakes etc.I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone.

THIRD HAPPY RETURN INSIDE ONE YEAR Freda and Romana the Royal receptionist

Good Club Lounge and Staff Stayed in a Club Room here on Friday night. Hotel has recently been renovated and a new Club Lounge created since our last stay (approx 6 months ago).Likes- Very friendly and accomodating staff especially James who was excellent and always smiling even when struggling with out large suitcases!- Great restaurant for dinner (Garden Court), food was excellent and particularly liked the extensive list of water available- Attractively designed Club Room with good quality food and beverages- The Sofitel bedDislikes- The renovated rooms still have the shallow old bath and low water pressure- No poolOverallI thought this was a hotel well worth staying in. The Club Lounge could expand it's food and beverage range slightly but no real complaints. Staff were friendly, professional and very helpful

NIce Amenities and Pool Area Just checking-out of this hotel at the moment and thought I'd take a minute to write a review...Likes - Great bathroom amenities from - Nice sunny pool area with two large pools- On top of the Raffles Plaza shopping centre- You can charge your room when dining at the Swissotel and Raffles hotels next doorDislikes- Very small rooms for the price- Rooms could do with a makeover (eg old carpet etc)- Some of the Fairmont President's Club benefits unavailable (eg Aveda Travel Kits)- Fairly average housekeeping (eg replacement shampoo and soap etc just thrown onto the bathroom bench top)OverallProbably overpriced for what it is, if you get a good deal I'd recommend it though. Staff are very friendly though especially Raj at the President's Club desk and the location is good with an MRT station just downstairs and Suntec city a 5min walk away.

Nice new club longe and rooms Having seen the recent reviews we were a little hesitant to book here but we use Hyatt Passport so went with it. We requested a newly renovated club room so review is based on this.Likes- Good size room- Great decor in the Club Lounge (with free WiFi)- Location- StraitsKitchen!Dislikes- Maintenance issues in the bathroom (door handles and plug both broken) nb they were quickly repaired- Limited food range for breakfast and cocktail hour in the Club Lounge; especially when compared with other Hyatt's (eg Taipei)Overall- A pricey hotel, if you get a new room then is probably worth the money.

Wait until the construction has finished - 3 star We stayed here for two nights at the start of November. This is not a five star hotel in its current state. The location is great, the staff are very helpful and friendly and the rooms are very nice but the noise from the construction above our room 316 was a nightmare. Drilling, hammering, sawing, cutting you name it started at 9am and I don't know what time it ended at because we just had to leave the room. We had planned to stay in this hotel for two more nights but we moved to a great 4 star hotel called Hotel Jazz on Pelai at 170 euro a night versus 225 at Le Meridien. If its value for money and five stars your looking for do not stay at Le Meridien during construction.

Excellent, excellent, excellent..! We stayed here for two nights at the start of November. Excellent location, excellent staff, excellent price.

Characteristic of Amsterdam Based on reviews from this site, I booked the Brouwer way back in November, and I was glad I did. It is a short walk to and from Amsterdam Centraal Station and so was convenient for coming and going from the city. It is right near Dam Square and is about a 15 minute walk from the Museum Plein, Anne Frank House, etc...we walked everywhere from here easily. They had a nice breakfast that was not a buffet, but rather was served to you. It included bread and a soft boiled egg. The rooms are accessed by a narrow spiral stair case (or small lift) and the hallways and narrow, but slope and lean wonderfully. It felt so authentic staying here. We had the Breitner room and it was great---canal views. There are a few places to eat literally steps away as well. If you want to stay in an authentic canal house with just enough classy amenities, then this is your place.

This is definitely the place to be. We have just read the previous extensive review and every word is correct. We were amazed by the view from our 20th floor suite - it seemed like a four day entertainment that had been put on for us with the bridge, opera house, the harbour and the Rocks area in full and splendid view. The suite was just like a home with everything that we needed and the space...................amazing!Melanie, Graham and Melissa could not have been more helpful from the moment we arrived to when we left.Also, it is so convenient with George St, Circular Quay and the main shops just a few minutes away.Breakfast was excellent and although we had planned to try other places, after the first day, we only wanted to breakfast there. We were truly sorry to leave after our 4 days and look forward to going back as soon as possible.

Perfection! bedroom of junior suite

Superb in all respects Truly excellent service from every employee encountered. Room service was stellar in both selection and quality. Views are unbeatable, and the rooms are reasonably large and very nicely furnished. The complimentary tea and coffee in the lobby before the restaurant opens is very nice, as is the complementary internet access in the business center. I love the Ritz and the Four Seasons, but I will continue to choose the MO for the views...

Old World Luxury in a Perfect Location breakfast restaurant

Very Solid Perfect location in the very center of east berlin, minutes from shopping, restaurants, and attractions, and a subway station right across the street. Rooms are small by US standards, but very nicely fitted (at least the newly renovated deluxe rooms, which are the only rooms with the heavenly beds). Service was overall excellent, though the concierge staff was unimpressive. Fabulous breakfast with sparkling wine and an incredible selection of european cheeses.

The studio rooms here are great We stayed at this hotel for 7 nights as part of an extended holiday. The location is great very close to Darling Harbour, the Rocks and only a short walk to Wynyard station where you can get the rail and buses. It is in the CBD so at night and weekends the area is a bit lifeless, rather reminiscent of the city of London, but it is not far to get to somewhere where there is some nightlifeThe studio rooms are very large and are like a mini suite - it is well worth paying the extra. We had been travelling for two weeks by this point and it was good to have the option to just make and eat something simple rather than always having to go out to a restaurant. There is a supermarket in the station (you access it via the station entrance next to The Menzies Hotel, which is just opposite the Travelodge)The staff were very friendly and helpful. We didn't use the restaurant so can't really comment on that, but there is a Starbucks opposite if you need a caffeine fix!It has a laundry, but no dryer so if you do do washing then you will have to drape things around your room.

A wonderful hotel This is an amazing hotel in the centre of Barcelona. It is on the edge of the old town and has an amazing terrace with a great view over the marina and port. The pool is rather small a bit like a large bath rather than a swimming pool, but there are tables and chairs together with loungers, although as it was November we did not use them.The rooms are a good size and air conditioned if it gets too hot. We were lucky to have a room with a view over the Passeig de Colom, which we did not find too noisy unlike some other reviewers. The en suite bathrooms are large and the shower was very good.The breakfast was included in our room booking (14 Euros usually) and was a continental buffet style. We thought that it was a good selection with cold meats, cheeses, bread, fresh fruit, freshly squeezed fruit juices, various pastries and some traditional Spanish touches as well.The best feature however was the friendly staff. They could not do enough for you. An another touch that was a first for us was a card that they sent round the night before telling you what the weather forecast for the next day was meant to be, tehy even gave you a choice of air freshener that the housekeeping staff could offer.We have already recommended this hotel several times and have only been back two days!

Good Hotel for a stopover The staff are really friendly and the rooms are a good sixe and have all your really need. It is in a good location close to the MTR, several bus stops and a tram stop!The rooms do need a little updating, but it is good value and we didn't really spend much of our three days in our room or the hotel.If you are looking for luxury or a pampering time then look elsewhere, but as a base for sightseeing this fits the bill.

Pleasant Warm greeting upon arrival and continued friendly helpful front desk staff were appreciated. Location is excellent. Room was clean with excellent, strong showerhead in bathroom. I'd recommend opting for the self-park rather than valet since the parking garage is nearby and waiting for the valet can take a while. Definitely recommend this hotel.

Just everything you need Excellent little hotel, ideally located downtown. Friendly staff, price is all right, rooms are quite small but not really a problem in SF (who stays locked in a hotel room when you are in such a stunning city?). The complementary breakfast is fine (provided that you like the black, hot liquid they call coffee in the U.S) and there is a wine hour sort of thing in the late afternoon in the lobby, which is really great. The only downside is that our first room was on Gery street (2d Floor) and we just could not sleep, given the strange, screaming noctambulous population of downtown SF (windows of the front rooms were apparently taken from the wreck of the Titanic and not insulated at all). We just asked for a quieter room the day after, and were kindly moved to the rear rooms with view on the courtyard (with fully insulated, new windows this time, don't ask me why). I wil ldefinitely stay again at the Monticello when in SF.

Great. Like having my own appartment.

Courtyard by Marriott New World is a good choice Nice big hotel, with good location. Walking distance to the pearl marked. The hotel is connected to a big shopping centre. Several resturants in the building.Lived there for 1 week, and had a great time!

Too good but rooms damp I went for my honeymoon. I was greeted in the most courteous way possible. The room was amazing. I booked a deluxe room and they gave a corner room in block 3. The problem came that the room was damp. I called the people and they put a de humidifier machine which worked but then the air conditioner wsnt working properly at night. They offered me another room or even an upgrade to a suite at a very nominal rate which i refused because the corner room was actually the best room in the hotel with the most spacious balcony. The ac worked the next day but they gave ame a 25% discount on all food. the spa was excellent. The private beach incomparable. A Dream Resort. I would definitely recommend

Great in many things, but still having problems My wife and I stayed here for two nights for a business meeting being held at this hotel. Other reviewers have given details I won't repeat here. Definately a luxury hotel with beautiful rooms and attentive service. Every employee we encountered gave us a smile and a greeting. BUT, there were a couple of areas that still need work. First, the list of hotel ammenities we saw in the on-line descriptions said free wireless internet. Not true. In the room internet (either wireless or Ethernet) cost $14.95/24hours. There was a provision to enter a username and password if the business entity that was holding their meeting there provided one. We tried the code that our business was given. We always got a message that the account was not activated when we tried it. In spite of reporting this problem, it never got fixed in the 2 days we stayed there - had to pay the $14.95 anyway. Was also told that Wifi internet was free in the meeting rooms on the 3rd floor. We never were able to connect there - always got a message that the service was blocked. Finally the organizer of the business meeting told us that they had lots of problems with that side of the hotel operations. The rooms were not set-up as requested and the materials that were shipped in advance to the hotel were not in the meeting room at the start of the meeting, but there were 5 hotel employees there to greet them! Bottom line - a great place to stay if you can afford it AND realize that you have to specifically ask for everything you want them to do for you.

Great location, average rooms We stayed at Eureka for three nights during a very hot stretch of weather in July. This was probably not the best time to stay here, particularly on the fourth floor. Needing to keep the windows open led to a lot of noise from the typical Amsterdam nightlife below. However, this hotel did give us an exceelnt base from which to explore Amsterdam as there are many dining, drinking, and tourist options within 5 minutes and many more within 10 to 15 minutes.The room on the far end of floor four was average. The floor tilted across the room, making for an uncomfartable night on the like-tilted bed. Even by European standards, it was a pretty small room ... the door hit the side of the bed as we entered!Its not a bad hotel and the location is guaranteed to please. We found the staff to be helpful and the lift helps tremendously.

Wonderful Stay We really loved that hotel. It is well located in Hong Kong, not too big, very casual and provide free internet access in the room and free breakfast. The staff is very nice and very helpful. Only minor thing, they don't have a bed turndown which for a 4 stars hotel is surpirsing

Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf - Perfect. We traveled to San Francisco for a weekend while visiting family in Northern California. We were there for 2 nights and I would say the Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf was the perfect hotel for us.The trip wasn't all sunshine and roses, and i will get into that later, but the SF portion of the trip was great.The Hotel. We arrived around 7:30 Friday night. We were put up in the main building, on the 3rd floor. We had 2 double beds, so when I asked if they had any King's left they said yes, but they were in the other building. Rooms were plenty big. Clean. We didn't have a view at all, but thats OK. We were with our 16 month old, so we needed a crib. Called housekeeping when we got to the room, and the crib was there minutes. We tipped housekeeping $2.50 Saturday morning. I know thats not much, but they seemed to really appreciate it. Left us a note thanking us, and then every time they saw one of us they asked where the baby was (sleeping) and always said hi. The Location. Absolutely perfect. Just a block from the Cannery Ghirardelli Square. 2 blocks from Fisherman's Wharf. 10 minutes to Pier 39. Plenty of food nearby. Food. The onsite Denny's seems expensive. We had the Lumberjack Slam that we split between 3 ways. It was 2 Pancakes, 2 Eggs, 2 Pieces of Bacon, 2 Sausage Links, Piece of Ham and Hash browns for $13.99. Thats a lot of food, and was perfect for us to split. However Waffles were $11 and Hamburgers were $10+. The first night we were there we ate dinner at the Boudin Bakery on Fisherman's Wharf. I had the Bread Bowl of Chowder and my wife and daughter split a grilled cheese (it was huge and apparently VERY GOOD). Add a brownie and a bottle of water. Dinner for $20. The second night we went to the Wipe Out Bar and Grill on Pier 39. Standard american food there. Cool atmosphere. Sat outside.Yes parking is expensive, but thanks to Trip Advisor I was prepared for the $88 charge.Must do's. Go to The Stinkin' Rose. Great restaurant with a focus on garlic. Good stuff. Also visit Liguria Bakery (1700 Stockton). Not much of a store but the foccacia bread is outstanding. We got an order of the pizza bread and an order of the raisin bread. Great stuff. Get there early as they run out of stuff as the day goes on. If traveling with children, check out the Aquarium of the Bay at Pier 39. Kids under 3 are free, and adults are $14.95 each.The bad stuff has nothing to do with the city of SF or the Holiday Inn and all to do with Dollar Rental. Terrible. I won't go into all the details here, but it starts with them putting a hold on my check card for the rental, which I know is standard stuff, but they added 15% to the hold and when you are on a budget that extra $120 can go a long ways. I didn't realize this until Friday night. I called the 800 number and was told that I needed to talk to the Customer Service department, which at 8:00 local time was closed for the weekend. Thats helpfull. They said they would release the extra 15% when we returned the car. Which as you could imagine was at the end of our trip and the $120 really didn't do us much good.All in all, we had a great time, and would recommend The Holiday Inn to anyone.

Disgusting Everything with this stay was not luxurious.Room was small and cramped even though I had been 'upgraded' as a Starwood Platinum member. Food was sub-par and overpriced. Room service was never delivered. Bath amenities cheap and flourescent lighting in the hallways!!!!!Staff didn't answer phone calls. Service was non-existent. If you have high standards and expectations, don't settle for this property stay at the Dylan.Truly a foul and overpriced experience. Never again.

Comfortable and simple, with attentive staff. The hotel rooms and the swimming pool

Best hotel ever Hotel FROM Arc de Triomphe - the building in the centre of the photo

Excellent small hotel We booked direct with the hotel in January 2006 via their website for a trip in May 2006. Booking was simple and straightforward. The price actually charged was exactly the price quoted in the email booking confirmation; note however that the price quoted is ex-VAT (7%) although to be fair this is clearly stated. The receptionist also went through the prices very carefully in arrival to make sure we were clear. The only slight niggle was an extra charge for a room safe (2 eruos per night) which was not mentioned anywhere.The hotel is very quiet which for the centre of the Barri Gotic is quite unexpected. However, our room opened on to the central open courtyard rather than the street - outside rooms may be noisier (but you don't go to central Barcelona for peace and solitude do you?) The hotel appears to have been recently refurbished and is a good mixtrue of of the old and modern in terms of architectecure. Brilliant location just down from the Plaza Catalunya and close to the cathedral. It is in the pedestrianised zone so taxi access may be a bit limited - we walked from the Plaza Catalunya where the Airport Bus deposited us (about 10 minutes) and no traffic to worry about.Staff were very friendly and helpful and spoke reasonable English (much better than our Spanish). Our room was an adequate size for two and was spotlessly clean. Internet access is free. There were no tea-making facilties in the room (although there were some self-heating drinks but there was an additional charge for these. However, there is a little bar with self-service tea and coffee (and croissants, rolls and cakes) at no extra charge, and these could be taken up to cool sitting area in a pleasant courtyard on the first floor. I guess this would be nice and cool in summer.Breakfast was excellent and well worth 14 euros extra each (50% discount on the first morning) - huge choice of fruits, cold meats, cheeses, crudites, cereals, cooked bacon and egg etc.The age-range of the clients was wide, a couple of children aged about 10 through to retired couples, and were mostly English, Dutch and American, so far as I could judge

Excellent Hotel - Highly Recommended As usual, I left everything to the last minute and booked this hotel the day before I was due to stay. I got a really good deal on it (about per night), I was a bit worried about the quality of the hotel, but it was the only decent one available. I was 100% pleased with this hotel. The rooms are very spacious and decorated very neutrally, really nice and relaxing. I booked a twin room with 2 queen sized beds. Staff are really nice, very willing to help. The hotel is on California street, only 10ish minute walk to union square and only a couple of blocks away from China Town. The Tram line runs directly out the front of the building so you can hop on and go to Fisherman's Wharf. Every evening when we returned to the hotel, room service turned down our beds, put relaxing music on the television and put a little Chocolate on our pillows that said each day must end with a reward (something along those lines). I have had a better stay in San Francisco and I recommend this hotel enough. I stayed in the Marriott for a few nights and the Omni beats it hands down.

OK, but not Mariott like Stayed at Mariott for 7 nights with my wife. Upon arrival, we received a free room upgrade for a partial ocean view. Nice lobby and perfect location right across from the beach. But room looked kind of old to me - the carpet was stained, I could clearly see a greasy fingerprints all over the walls, and room just didn't smell too good. Bathhrom looked very old too - the paint was chipped in the bath tub. Though the overall experience was OK, I will definetely try some other places next time I'm in Honolulu.

Only okay, too much waiting! We spent 7 days at this hotel, and after a few days, we wanted to change hotels. Upon arriving at the hotel, we were told our room was not ready and that they would give us a call as soon as the room actually was ready. Hours passed, still no call. We came back, and they told us the room was ready, but they offered no apology for not calling. To irritate us further, our room came with free buffet breakfast vouchers, which they refused to honour because it 'wasn't in their documentation' even though it was clearly stated while booking online on their official website. Their only suggestion was to find some proof online and show it to them, but they would not cover the expensive internet charges there for doing so.As for the Deluxe Pyrmont View room, it was generally modern and okay. However, the room didn't have a particularly good view and it was not well lit as the lights were oddly placed around the room. The bathroom had a bath/shower which was not comfortable and the toilet paper was attached to the wall only about 10-20 cm above the floor strangely enough. It is also worth noting that the floor level of the Deluxe room, which was apparently 16, may not have actually been as high as 16. Floors 4, 13 and 14 were simply missing and you could not access them.As for the rest of the 7-day stay there, we found the lifts to be infuriatingly slow to arrive at many times, the concierge gave us incorrect information and room service took over an hour to arrive at about 6 p.m. once. A warning to those staying with people under 18 or slightly above that age, the casino forms a large part of that hotel. If you are under 18, you'll usually have to detour around the casino to get to the other side of the hotel rather than going through it. If you are slightly over 18, you'll constantly have to get your ID checked every time you take a shortcut through the casino. The only particularly good things about the hotel that separated it from any other hotel of the same class was that it has good facilities including a casino, restaurants and theatre. The location was also fairly decent, being located near Darling Harbour and having light rail and bus services beneath it.Overall, however, we would not stay there again, we've stayed at far better hotels in Sydney.

Good place to stay Arrived at the Hotel in the evening, the room was comfortable, clean the air conditioning worked perfectly quietly, there was also a hairdryer, fridge with water soft drinks provided daily cable TV. Rooms were serviced on a daily basis and the staff were always cheerful and smiling and couldnt do enough to help.Meals were buffet style and the food was plentiful, however after the first week we had gone through the menu whilst they were catering for various nationalities we got bored with the food and ate out. This is also cheap and the local restaurants provide a good range of indonesian european menus.The beach was ok, but not what the picture of Bali conjures up, it was busy, with Banana rides, jet ski`s etc and the sea was not exactly clean there. However it was warm and many ventured into it. There were enough sun beds for everyone towels provided around the pool.Many guests were there for between 2 weeks to 3 months with many returning year on year, this is a recommendation in itself. There are approx 96 rooms which meant you actualy met other people unlike the surrounding larger hotels with 3 times the rooms that appeared half empty. Also be aware of the timeshare reps there, if you go into Kuta and have a meal dont fill in the restaurant questionnaire about the food. You will receive phonecalls stating that you have won a week or other prizes. Also street surveys, these are another avenue for them to get your details and again you will win a week.All in all we enjoyed our stay the Club Bali Mirage and would use it again.

Oops! I used to LOVE this place! Stayed Fri,and Sat. after Thanksgiving. This was our third or fourth visit to the Magnolia. We have always been impressed by the fact that front desk remembered us from previous visits. The woman at the front desk this time was having trouble remembering what year it was. She asked us if it was our first visit and if we would like a higher or lower floor. We had already expressed our preferences when we made our reservations. Our room was small,on the 23rd floor. It was right by the elevators,which proved to be a major problem. It was so loud,I kept dreaming I was at a train station all night. So,the major problem happened at the breakfast buffet on Saturday morning. There was no food! All these people are standing around the steam tables holding their plates. The restaurant was filthy,not a clean table anywhere. I called the desk from my cell told the same front desk woman there was a major problem in the restaurant and I needed to speak to the manager. She said the manager was at the restaurant and would call me back. The staff kept saying food was coming,but it showed one thing at a time,eggs showed,then potatoes,etc. These small dishes were shared by the 50 or so people waiting. If the manger was there,why was she not apologizing for this horrible breakfast? I was contacted by the manager who told me they were undergoing renovations and had no kitchen. They had to make breakfast in a room. They should have just cancelled it. I had to be somewhere and it was really frustrating. The manager acted like I was an [--] or something for demanding something I had paid for,like THEY were the ones inconvinienced. She sent some drink tickets to the room for the FREE happy hour. I used to really like this hotel,I was very disappointed this visit and may not go back.

What a beautiful,friendly hotel! My partner and I stayed at the Palomar for his birthday and to watch the Olympic Opening Ceremony with friends. This hotel has so much style. Everywhere you look,it is just beautiful. The room was big and so well appointed. The staff was so nice and the most helpful we've ever encountered. Thank you for keeping that ice coming,lol. They even give you a companion goldfish ,if you like. When our fish,Bubbles, passed away,they had Bubbles II in the room in five minutes. If you want a great stay in fantastic hotel,this is the place! I highly recommend it.

Great Location Well equiped suites right in the middle of Hollywood. Steps to Graumanns and Kodak Theater. We had lots of room, comfortable unit but showing its age. Great price (about $70/night) Would stay there again.

Good Value Much better than I thought it would be. Clean rooms, helpful desk people, adequate bathroom, free parking is a good thing in SF. Leave your car there and take the bus or cabs to where you want to go. Rooms in the back were ok but those in our party who stayed on the street side said it was very noisy.

Great Value and Location We had a rate of $70USD and stayed six nights. One block from the beach and at the corner of the BUS stop - Great bus system in Oahu - go anywhere (Hanauma Bay not to be missed). Changed rooms from the north (Kuhio) side to the south due to noisy bus and truck traffic on the main street. Other than that it was a good clean room with all the amenities you need. A bit small but that did not matter at all. Would definitely go back if we got close to those rates again.

Awful, Awful, Awful Should be condemned. Go somewhere else. Don't even think about it. Filthy, small, cramped, tough neighbourhood, surrounded by homeless people on the streets,... there are other good places around.

Very Comfortable Hotel Very comfortable and clean hotel with convenient location to the Convention Center. Staff in all areas of the hotel were very friendly and accommodating. Hotel has a no tipping policy which is nice. Rooms were clean and comfortable but I'd book a higher floor room and make certain it's not on the World Trade Center side of the hotel as these rooms tend to be darker. Easy access to and from Logan either by cab $25 or subway $5.

We were slightly dissapointed The hotel was modern, the staff friendly, the breakfast-buffet great and the location very central with a city-bus covering all the major attractions in Berlin right outside the door. But as mentioned we were slightly disappointed. The largest problem was that the modern room design, with doors chosen for their looks, and not for their sound-insulating capabilities. The result is that privacy on the loo is only possible by turning up the television-volume. The maid not respecting the do-not-disturb light and the complementary shampoo smelling like cleaning detergents were also letdowns. Considering the price of the rooms we can therefore only rate the hotel as average.

Great Location So I had a single night in New York before I headed upstate for a conference and decided that Times Square was the place to be. Unfortunately, staying in Manhattan on the first saturday of December was always going to be expensive, but I didn't realise how expensive it would be!The taxi driver managed to get lost (how is this possible for a taxi driver to get lost going between JFK and Times Square?), but eventually I spotted the single door leading to the hotel's lobby. Or at least, I thought it was the lobby. Due to the nature of the location, the ground floor is just an entrance, and an elevator is required to get to the lobby. I was checked in within 30 seconds and up to my King Room. I had a great view of a scrolling ticker out of my window (what else in Times Square), but the curtains were thick enough to block out all light. The room was very pleasant with a comfortable bed, clean and crisp bedding and a large and powerful shower. Internet access was charged at $17 per day which i thought was a bit expensive considering the price of the room, and it was also wired (ethernet cable was present in the room). One thing that may help others, was that the network connection on the desk was part of a multiplug that also had connectors for DVI and HDMI. I presume these led to the large LCD TV so anyone travelling with a laptop full of movies could theoretically play them on the TV, or fine tune any business presentations on a big screen - quite a plus. Unfortunately, having a MacMini meant I had left my $30 adapter back at home and could neither test nor use this facility.The location was excellent and I went for a walk in the evening to take a look around. The large Christmas tree in the Rockefeller Plaza was about 10 minutes away, as was 5th Avenue. 10 minutes walking south got me to the huge Macy's (where I got lost) and also to the Empire State building. Even though I was on the 7th floor, the hotel was suitably soundproofed and no noise from Times Square entered my room.The staff were most helpful in every way and are happy to mind your luggage upon checking our (which is 12:00 by the way) should you want to look around the city before you head off to another destination. In addition, the staff downstairs can provide advice for locations, dining and the best way to get to another location. In my case, they recommended against getting a cab upstate and called their own driver who took my to my next destination. Friendly and very efficient service!All in all, a very pleasant experience and I would recommend this hotel to anyone if the rooms are a little less expensive (which I believe they are given a different date). It has been recently modernised and won't be to everyone's taste, but as a very pleasant room in the centre of Manhattan, it is fine. I would have rated it as excellent apart from the cost.

The steepest hill in hotels! I last stayed in the Luxe in 2004 when I had a pleasant few days. After reading some reviews on this site, I was concerned that the place had gone downhill, however I took the chance as I wanted somewhere with a balcony (to smoke) along with a restaurant and bar.I shouldn't have worried. Unfortunately it seems that people are more likely to write a review after a negative stay - I feel that positive stays deserve a review also!Let's start with Customer Service. I could not fault it at all. Unfortunately (through no fault of the hotel, they got the wrong booking information) I was put into a standard room rather than the Jr Exec Suite that I booked. I mentioned this at the front desk and spoke to the desk manager to apologised profusely for the issue but mentioned that they were fully booked that evening. He promised to sort it the next day. It was sorted the next day without bother. I went out and when I returned I had a new room with all my cases moved over. The suite was great. Extremely spacious with additional seating, huge bed and desk to work upon. The bathroom was also large with a sunken bath and a shower that could take at least four in comfort if you are so inclined (I did want to try it out but couldn't find another three people to join me :)Unfortunately my AC stopped working on the first night in my new room, just as a wedding started outside my window. I had to open the window to get some air into the room but just as the wedding music was making me stir crazy, the maintainance man fixed my AC - again, great service - fixed within 30 mins.As for food, it is quite expensive (well for the US anyway), but it was okay. Some dishes were great, others less so but the guys in the restaurant were incredibly friendly and polite. Likewise all the staff!Parking is a pain. Valet parking is compulsory at $25 or so per day, but again the valet team were incredibly quick and efficient - less than five minutes to get the car from turning up at the front desk.So what was bad? Nothing really, only a few really picky grumbles. Firstly whilst their website and the general hotel sites such as travelocity and hotels.com state they have smoking rooms, all rooms are non smoking. Not a problem if you get a room with a patio or balcony, but I had neither. Mind you, the 20 yard walk outside was far better than the 10 minute hikes I have had in previous hotels!Another problem was with the events. Rooms in the lower complete that are odd will tend to overlook the party area. Not a problem if you don't go to bed until later as they tended to be over by 10:30, but for early sleepers it can get quite noisy.The hotel is also split with the lower complex with restaurant and event areas, and the upper area with spa and pool. Rooms are at both locations but they are split by the steepest hotel hill in the world. Seriously, this baby must by 1:4 and 30-40 yards long! You can get a ride up to the top, but having to tip someone just to get to your room can be frustrating.The location is a little out of the way however (given good LA traffic) you can get to Santa Monica, Hollywood etc.. in a few mins. The place is right on the corner of Sunset and 405 so you can get anywhere easily - just don't try it in the morning and always take the garage exit to get to the highway!So all in all, a very pleasant stay and I will definitely be back if only to enjoy the excellent, polite and friendly staff that the Luxe employs - thanks to you all!

Great - but beware if a smoker! So I spent five nights at the Westin back in February. We booked at a supposed reduced rate as we had a conference in the Moscone, but soon afterwards I heard that some people were getting their rooms for under $100 - ah well, not to worry.I also saw some split reviews for the St Francis which sort of worried us but we needn't have been concerned. The hotel is very big and whilst my room was quite small and overlooking a wall, I didn't go to SF to stay in my room so it wasn't a problem. The bed was comfy as all Westin's tend to be, and the shower was fine. I did have an issue where I couldn't turn off my tap (probably because I am a bit of a spanner), but it was quickly sorted.Staff were very friendly and helpful and you couldn't ask for a better location on Union Square!The only niggle I had and this is purely because I am a smoker, is that it was quite disconcerting smoking outside the building before the bell-hops got on duty as there was a tendency for every homeless person on Union Square to congregate around you. Those who fly in to SF from Europe will know all about the 'wake up at 4:00 syndrome' and smokers will recognise the need for a smoke when you wake up - just don't go outside before 06:30 (or try one of the other two entrances).All in all, a decent place in a good location with reasonable prices. Just don't take/hire a car - it was $50 a day or thereabouts to park!!!

You are not here for the room! Star city was fine. Rooms were very clean and comfortable. I stayed in a Pyrmont room that looks over the Pyrmont Bridge (opposite to Darling Harbour side) View was not spectacular. On arrival my electronic key did not originally waork but this was quickly rectified by pleasant staff. The furnishing were nice but nothing special. TV has a great selection of channels but was an old 51cm tv which is very substandard when you pay $270 a night and other hotels charge less with LCD screens avaiable. Fantastic place to stay for the nightlife as the casino never shuts and there is always activity in the area especially on a weekend. Istay at Star City more for the fact that it is right on top of a great casino and good restaraunts not for the quality of rooms although i have never stayed in a bedroom appartment and these may be different.

The Good and the Bad I stayed at this hotel the day before and the day after a cruise I took out of San Juan. During the first stay, they upgraded me to a suite right next to the pool that was a room of the quality you would see on MTV Cribs! This was amazing! I suspect they did this because it was my first stay at an Intercontinental Resort and Holiday Inn wanted me to keep coming back. However, on the second stay, I was in a typical room ... which was nothing special.The hotel has one of the nicest pools with beach entry that you will find on the beachy section of Puerto Rico. There is a nice bar area in the middle where you can sit and have one of the weakest $9 drinks you will ever get. However there are plenty of lounge chairs to lay out on and a nice (but crowded pool.)The hotel room (I am reviewing the standard room here ... if you have the money to get a pool side suite, you will thank yourself as the suite was one of the nicest hotel rooms I've stayed in anywhere) ... had yellowish stucco walls and medditeranian style furniture. It didn't really make me feel comfortable being in there for some reason. There was a balcony that overlooked the street (they were booked up and could not move me to one that overlooked the ocean in the back). The bed was comfortable but the room just lacked style. It felt like one of those cheap Florida condos. The bathroom was small and cheap looking.The location is good if you want to be on the beach. It isn't very glamorous. It reminds me a little of Atlantic City. The casino inside the hotel is small and there are a few good (but very overpriced restaurants). There is a Palm Steakhouse and a Japanese Hibachi style restaurant. The area around the hotel is pretty run down ... if you want to go to Old San Juan where the cruise ships dock, it will cost you about $15 for a cab there. It is several miles away. The weird thing is that the airport is only 1 or 2 miles away from the hotel yet because Puerto Rico charges cabfare by the zone, you will still pay $15 to get there.The hotel overall is kept up pretty nicely. If you can talk yourself into the club lounge (Priority Club) they have great hors d'erves and an open bar! The lobby area and casino area of the hotel are fairly classy and it does feel a little upscale. However, I wouldn't be comfortable paying more than $150 - $175 a night for the hotel based on what you get. If you are looking for nightlife and the real old side of San Juan instead of the beach/pool scene ... this is not the place for you. Stay in the heart of the old city if this is what you want as this is more of a beach resort.

Loved this place This is a wonderful hotel in a historic building (built in 1527). We had a room in the back which overlooked an art institute. We had a birds-eye view in the morning of art students painting, sculpting, etc. in the studios and patios of the school.The room was huge and had a very modern bathroom and a good air conditioner (important in Jul/Aug in Florence). The staff were very helpful and the breakfast buffet was first-rate.One of the previous reviewers was put off by the lack of life in the piazza in front of the hotel. This lack of activity at night was *exactly* the reason we wanted to be in this hotel. The last time we stayed in Florence we were in a hotel on a busy square with plenty of nightlife -- which went on until 4 a.m. and which was very audible from our room. Another review mentioned vagrants on the street. It's true, there were a couple of down-and-out types hanging around but they were easily ignored. Anyone who has traveled to any large American or European city should (sadly) be used to this.We will definitely go back to this place the next time we're in Florence.

Wonderful Vacation A group of 6 from Wisconsin stayed at the Edenh from 1/18/08 to 1/25/08. The group consisted of myself, my wife, my son and his wife, and my daughter and her fiance'. We had 3 rooms total and all three were the Edenh Club Adults Only catagory. Just letting you know that this is my first post on Trip Advisor. When we started planning our vacation I was informed about the forums on TA. I never knew about the forums before this trip. We had picked out the Edenh from Apple Vacations mainly because of the great price that was being advertised at that time. Before we booked at the Edenh I was reading the forums numerous times daily and quite frankly I had bad vibes from what I was reading. It sounded like the resort would not be ready to open on time. From following the forums I learned about Punta Cana Mike. I emailed Mike a couple of times and he reassured me that the resort was opening on time but the casino, spa, gym and bowling alley would not be open when we got there. Then I read the first two reviews that came in around the last week of December and then the video testamony from laurie from California while she was staying there. After hearing and reading the few reviews and the assurance from Mike we decided to take the chance and we booked at the Edenh. When we arrived at the resort we entered the VIP check-in area and immediately were greeted by Wendy. She said they were waiting for us and she was very pleasant. Within 10 minutes two of us were off to our rooms. The other room was not ready yet but Wendy said within an hour that room would be ready. When we got into our rooms we were very happy. Everything was clean, bright and cheerful. Our chamber maid was cleaning the room next to us so she immediately came over to our room to make sure everything was OK and at the same time the person who fills up the mini fridge on a daily basis was there also so he came to make sure everything was OK. So within the first 2 minutes of being in our room we meet the two people that would be taking care of our room for the week. Both were very nice and said to let them know of anything that we needed. I did tell the maid that we were supposed to have bathrobes in our room. She said she would bring them right away. She brought them to our room within 10 minutes. While we were unpacking our stuff someone delivered a fresh fruit basket and someone else brought us a bottle of rum. Talk about service, within the first 1/2 hour we were in our room and received everything that we were supposed to get. Our room was on the 4th floor and had the whirlpool on the balcony. We had a wonderful view of the ocean and of the pool area. My daughters room was 4 doors down from us and her room was exactly like ours. My son went down to see if his room was ready and it was. His room was on the 2nd floor and was identical to ours. He really wanted to be on the same floor as us but Wendy said there were no more available but to try in the morning to see if they could move him up to the 4th floor. All 6 of us then went to explore the resort. First stop was the lobby bar. Met Miguel who was a great bartender. He made our drinks with Absolute vodka. Next stop was the Tantrah bar which was not open yet but Bladamir the bartender was there and he made our drinks with Grey Goose vodka. Next stop was the Paradise Club bar and swimming pool. This is the area that was supposed to be adults only but there were a few kids in the pool. No big deal but we were wondering why they were there if this was the adults only area. This is the area and bar that we pretty much hung out at all week. The bartenders name was Carlos. He was an absolute joy to be around. He took care of us like we were royalty. He never let our drinks get empty. One of his favorite expressions was Carlos is happy everyday. He sure lived up to that expression. Always had a smile on his face and sincerely seemed happy to see us and wait on us. We asked Carlos if this was the adults only area and he said yes it was and it also was for VIP people only meaning those that had pink or yellow wristbands. Not trying to be demanding or anything like that I asked him why then are there kids in the pool and why are people in this area and bar with green wristbands. With that Carlos went and told the kids they had to leave and told people with green wristbands that they could not be in this area. Some of those that he kicked out evidently were not happy about this and must of complained about it because Carlos left for a while. When he got back he explained that his boss questioned him about the incident. As it turns out that was a good thing because from that time forward Carlos said that no more green wristbands or children would be allowed. Throughout the week I witnessed Carlos kicking people out of the area that were not supposed to be there. The problem with this was that there were no signs posted anywhere to let let anybody know that this was adults only and for Edenh Club guests only. I think if signs were posted that would have solved any problems with who was allowed or not. Just letting you know when we left a week later, there still were no signs. The 2nd day we went down to the same area and Carlos was there and again he was very happy. He introduced us to another bartender and his name was Carlos also. So they were called Carlos #1 and Carlos #2. All week long both of these guys wonderful to us. We ate at the buffet every morning for breakfast. They had a nice selection of food and they made you eggs and omelets any way you liked them No complaints about the buffet. Every afternoon we had our lunch at the buffet down at the beachfront. Again they had a good assortment of food but much less than the regular buffet. Every night we at dinner at the ala carte restaurants. The first night we waited for about an hour to get seated. It was well worth the wait. We were at the Shore Grill and had a very tasty steak and lobster dinner. The 2nd night we at at the Italian restaurant but we got there right at 6:30 when they opened and we had no wait at all. Again the food was very good. We decided that we would make a point of having dinner at 6:30 every night so we would not have to wait. 3rd night we ate at the Asian at 6:30 and again had no wait. We sat at the hibachi cooking station which is were they prepare your food in front of you. Again great food. 4th night we went back to the Shore grill at 6:30 and we had to wait, and wait, and wait. We finally got seated about 9:00. Obviously we were not happy about waiting so long. The next morning when we went to the buffet for breakfast there was a table outside that was there to make reservations for dinner. We were told there were two times that we could make reservations for 6:30 and 8:30. We made our reservation for 6:30 for the Romantic Restaurant. We were ok with the new procedure of making reservations after we had waited so long the night before. We showed up at 6:30 and we waited about 30 minutes before we were seated. Don't understand why as there were 7 empty tables when we finally got in. The food was good, not great. 6th night we went back for more steak and lobster at 6:30 and we were seated within 15 minutes. 7th night back to the Shore grill and we waited for about an hour. I don't know if the reservation system was any better than no reservations. Either way we ended up waiting. The wait was not that bad, we just went with the flow. Also the lobby bar is right there so while we waited we just kept going in there to fill up our drinks. Over all, all 6 of us enjoyed all of our meals. I am happy to report that none of us had any ill effects for the food. As for the bars, like I said our favorite during the day was the Paradise Club at the adult pool. At night before and after dinner it was the lobby bar. For late night it was the Tantrah bar and for the wee hours of the morning it was the sports bar. The problem we had with all the bars(except the Paradise club) was that sometimes we were served premium liquor and other times we were told that we had to pay for the premium. Even after telling the bartenders and showing them our pink VIP wristbands we still were not served the premiums. Again we went along with the flow. As long as we had a drink in our hand we were happy. However, part of the reason why we upgraded was to get the premium liquors. On Sunday the 20th there was a party atmosphere all afternoon and evening in the lobby bar were the playoff games were shown on a huge TV. It was alot of fun. Only bad thing was that the Packers lost. Met PC Mike the 2nd day we were there. VERY nice gentleman. He actually took the time to sit and talk with us for about 1/2 hour. We brought Mike a Packer t-shirt and he said he would wear it on Sunday. He did. We also met Carmen during the Packer game. Muy bonita! During the week we saw Mike a couple more times and once he was walking around with Mike Fisher. Mike Fisher again was a very nice guy. While we were there we heard some of the horror stories about people getting bumped to other resorts and other stories of how people had to change rooms 3, 4 or 5 times because of various reasons. I definately feel sorry for those people. You go on vacation to get away from the hassles of everyday life. You don't need hassles while on vacation. I believe the resort did the best they could do to help guests out but the overbooking of rooms and sending people to other resorts just is not good business. Don't know whose problem that is whether it is the Edenhs' or the travel companys. We heard about some of the problems from the very first day we were there. So my son decided that his room on the 2nd floor was ok with him. He did not change rooms. Overall, we had a wonderful vacation. Rooms were great, food was great, beach was beautiful, pools were nice and the drinks were cold and plentiful. I believe once some signs go up and all the workers know all what each catagory of guest is supposed to receive, things will be much smoother. I do not regret going there and I would go back there tomarrow if I could. Hope you all have as great of a time as we did!

A Little Known Gem in Waikiki This was our third stay at The Outrigger Luana Waikiki, and it just keeps getting better. This 16 story CondoHotel is sparkling clean, reasonably priced, and wonderfully staffed with helpful people. Rooms are good sized, attractive, well provisioned (many have full kitchens with glassware, cutlery, tableware, etc.), and have beautiful views.The Outrigger Luana Waikiki is located adjacent to the only large park left in Waikiki, and is within a short walking distance of the best shopping and famous Waikiki Beach.Definitely a little known gem in this ever expanding city. As my lovely wife says, This is the only way to visit Waikiki!

great location stayed here for a night with my g/f and the first thing that i found was that the hotel is only a few hundred metres down the road, nice rooms, great custumer service

Excellent for the price We visit France/Paris 3-4 times per year for business/pleasure staying at various 3-5 star hotels in various areas the Hotel D'Albe rates among the top 10. This trip was with our teenage children [2- 16 18] in their own room our room both on the 5th. floor. Surprise, our early arrival found the rooms ready waiting [a first]compared to other hotels. The front desk was cooperative pleasant. The rooms were cozy quite adequate with a small balcony for taking in the grea weather [another first] viewing the action below. The breakfast [included] was substantial a good start to the day. The lady that served the breakfast was outstanding, friendly, cheerful extremely efficient combine her efforts with the room maids who brought the rooms back to a civilized environment this hotel with its location its joie de vivre rates a return visit.

Nice location one bliock from Times Square This particular Hampton Inn is probably one of the nicest in this part of the Hilton chain. It's actually a little nicer than some of the Hilton Hotels I've stayed in. Front desk staff were friendly and were able to put me into a room three hours before the listed check-in time. The Lobby area is nicely decorated and spotless. It can get a little crowded when groups are checking in. My room was a King on the 10th floor facing 8th Ave. You do get a fair amount of FDNY sirens here as there is a station very near the hotel. Then again, it is NYC so sirens are a norm along with horns. I really wonder if anyone gets hit with that $350 fine in quite zones for honking. Room and bathroom were clean. Rooms are decent size, bathrooms are quite small though. You have your choice of wired high speed internet or WIFI, both are FREE. Also in the room are a lounge chair and foot stool, desk with ergonomic chair and dresser with a nice sized TV. Hotel is only one block from Times Square and an easy walk down 8th Ave to the theatre district.I only have one complaint about the hotel. The housekeeping staff need to learn to knock. There is a flip stop for the door. Make sure you use it. Twice just after check-in housekeeping tried to enter without knocking. From that moment the do not disturb sign went on the door. This is the only reason I only rated the hotel above average and not excellent.Free breakfast is available, however I'm not a breakfast person so cannot tell you much about how it is.

Really Liked This Hotel! Hotel has good location, nice rooms, friendly staff, very modern and updated, good price, an over-all good experience. We emailed the hotel directly and received a decent pricing for a suite. Upon arrive the staff was friendly and continued that way through our three plus days. Rooms were big, clean, and updated. The hotel is located two/three blocks from the main square and a block from the Metro. The main district is in walking distance, plenty or stores, and places to eat. I would recommend this to anyone looking for a good hotel with competitive price.

One of Europes Best, Great Location! Hotel Room

Everything we expected The hotel is exactly as portrayed in the other reviews. Small, modern, clean, on the minimalist side, with young and friendly staff. The rooms have a fair size - for my wife and I it was perfect. For American standards rather small. Our room faced a not very busy junction, so we could hear the cars, but the windows were so good that the this did not disturb us, although we are extremely sensitive to noise. I assume that the rooms facing the back of the hotel are completely quiet. Very unusual for city hotels: we could not hear a thing from next door. The bath was also modern and simple. The only minor complaint we had was that the maid was really saving on toiletries.On Sunday, there was only one staff attending to the breakfast buffet, so they had troubles filling back the plates. On the following days the service was excellent. The selection is continental/European, so people from the US may miss their rich breakfast.The hotel is not in the heart of the city, which is good. It is not a rip-off and it is quiet. During the day we moved around by metro - one of the best services we have seen in the world. The Rocafort station was just down the block, so within 15 minutes we could be anywhere we wanted in Barcelona. The service stops at midnight, so for returning to the hotel we used to catch a cab, which cost a ridiculous 7-8 euros per ride

Excellent hotel My wife and I have just returned from Paris, and we loved our 3 nights stay at the Hotel Chaplain. The hotel is very charming. The rooms are not very big, but very well decorated and very clean. The bathroom, an important issue for me, is very good, in marble, and immaculate clean. All the staff was very friendly. The hotel is well located. The drinks in the mini bar of the room are free of charge, which is very unusual, but very agreeable. I discover the hotel here in the trip advisor and I strongly recommend it.

Perhaps the top hotel in the Radisson SAS line! Berlin is a big city - bigger than you think. So, my only caveat is about location: this hotel is nowhere near the great Ku'Damm shopping area. It's also a decent taxi ride from the main train station, the haubtbahnhof. Location issues aside, this is a wonderful, but VERY Scandinavian, hotel. I love Scandinavia and this type of fairly minimalist design hotel. I have stayed at many Radisson SAS hotels and none are as nice as this. Be warned, though, that this hotel is like very high-end Ikea. If you like older hotels, big heavy furniture and grand ballrooms stay elsewhere. Now all of the great stuff about this hotel: everything, really. Spa and gym are superb. Food is great. Staff is helpful and friendly. Room rates are much cheaper than they really should be. Rooms are clean - very clean. Room has a heated pants press, which is very useful (as I write this, I am wearing impeccably pressed - by me - wool dress pants). The water in the sink and shower is really hot and the water pressure superb. Small but nice plasma TV in the room - very good quality picture. So, from a weary world business traveler, this is a really good - exceptionally good - hotel. Do not hesitate to stay here.

Very good hotel indeed We stayed at the Stanford Court for 9 nights over Thanksgiving. This is a very good hotel indeed. It shares Nob Hill with three other grand hotels and it holds its corner very well indeed. We were on the 3rd floor overlooking the courtyard which was excellent as its was peacefully quite. We requested a twin room which we got (with 2 queen size beds). The room was spotless and was cleaned meticulously every day. The bathroom was pristine and the beds were exceptionally confortable. Personally I cannot understand some of the less flattering reviews about this hotel, we have no complaints at all. The staff were friendly and helpful. The elevators worked well and the reception staff were both helpful and friendly. I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting the glorious city of San Francisco

Excellent quality hotel Stayed here for 6 nights mid-November with my partner. We were given a great, really comfortable room on the 24th floor. The view was simply fantastic. The beds were really comfortbale and the staff throught were attentive and helpful. We would certainly stay here again

Good Solid Hotel What a lot of nonsense people talk.My wife daughter and I stayed at this hotel 17th - 24 November. This was our first trip to NYC but not to the USA. It was a treat for our daughters 21st.The hotel staff were polite and helpfull. The porter had our bags up in the room within ten minutes. What do you want from a room when you are a tourist. You want it clean tidy safe, functional. It was all of that. Yes the room was hot but we hit upon a magic idea of opening the window - even in November it was quite pleasantHere are the facts.Room 1420 facing 48th street2 double beds with clean fresh linen and bedspreads. The beds were soft and comfortable.The room was not huge but it slept the three of us and had plenty of storage space for our clothes. The room was equipped with ironing board and safe free of charge.The bathroom had a toilet. tub/shower and wash hand basin - what more do you want. It wasnt big enough for a foam party but it easily met our requirements to use all the facilities comfortably. It again was clean and the towels changed every day. Small point on the towels if you are over a 36 inch wats then the towels ar small, however a quick call to houskeeping had an additional batch at my door in under 15 minutes.The kitchen had a microwave, fridge, coffe making facilities, and a sink. I wasnt cooking thanksgiving diner but as a tourist eating in all the fantastic restaurants and diners it easily satisifed our requirements.Yes there is a fire station at the end of the block but it is no noisier than all the other noises in New York.The street felt safe and was definitely well located for all the attarctions and shopping.Would I recommend it YES I wouldAll in all what I am syaying this was a good hotel, some people just seem to gripe for the pickiest of things. Ok so the Internet access was a bit dodgy but so aree internet cafes. I can olny assume that if the wrong attitude and approach was made to the staff you would get the same back.If you want top class service with people fawning all over you and you want to live in your room then go somewhere else and pay over the oddsMy reasons for not giving it 5 stars was beacuse the towels wer too small and the heat in the roomI am a genuine tourist and it you wish to e-mail me then do so travelandtunes@aol.com

Don't Believe Bad Reviews....This Hotel is Great!!!! This hotel is a true resort on beautiful island (Puerto Rico). I would not believe the bad reviews. This hotel was great. I was at the hotel over winter break and the hotel was happening. The pools are great, service is great, and the hotel property is great. I would say that if you could get a rate below 250 it is definitely worth it. The location is a okay at best, but it is no big deal. There is a subway sandwich shop on the property and a convenience store too. Cabs are expensive in San Juan and based on zone. A 4 minute cab to old san juan is 11 dollars and Condanado is 15 ( I walked to Condanado in about 10 minutes) and don't even bother going to Isla Verde for 19 dollars. I had access to the Executive Lounge which was great. I recommend going to the lounge on floor 9 of the main building instead of going to the lounge in the Hhonors tower. They have fridges full of water and all types of pop that are free all day. I took the drinks and put them in the fridge that is in the room. I wasn't with little kids, but it is a fantastic hotel for kids. Plenty of shallow water in the pool area and the beach is protected by rocks, which limits the high waves that most of san juan sees. The beach is fantastic, not many waves, but a nice little stretch (especially compared to other hotels in San Juan). The rooms are a little above standard, but not extremely fancy. I went to the Old San Juan Hotel and Ritz and was not impressed. Those hotels are for people who want to tell people that I stayed at the Ritz or I stayed at the InterContinental. Lunch by the pool and drinks are expensive, but what do you expect, its a hilton not a Motel 6. I am not a little kid, but the coolest thing at the hotel is the fish feeding pier. They give you bread to throw in the ocean, and you get to see many different types of fish (size and color) without having to go snorkeling or scuba diving. I did not use the spa, but it did look nice (but expensive...what do you expect). The workout facility in the Spa (which if free for guests) is fantastic and overlooks the ocean. So the moral of the story...don't believe the bad reviews and if you get a good rate don't hesitate to book it. The hotel doesn't have a casino, but the candanado hotel which is about a 10 minute walk and the Marriot which is about 15 minute walk have casinos (I'd go to the Marriott...I won Big). Keep in mind this is San Juan not Las Vegas. A couple restaurants that I definitely recommend: Parrot Club (Old San Juan/Local Cuisine/Average entree 20-30), Dragon Fly (Old San Juan/Fusion between Asian and Latino Cuisine). I could write another couple pages, but I hope you get the point. This property is fantastic...if you get a good rate book it and don't worry about the bad reviews. Keep in mind most people only review a hotel when they have a great time or a terrible experience. As you could tell, I had a great time and can't wait to go back.P.S. Don't freak out about the weather forecast before you go. I checked weather.com and it said rain for the whole week I was down there and it was sunny 99% of the time. I think they just predict rain at 50% everyday so they wont be wrong.

Shabby but fairly clean Overall the room was fairly clean but kind of run-down. As a guy, if I were traveling alone, I wouldn't mind staying here. However, don't come here if you are looking for a romantic experience. Our bathroom door wouldn't close and had tiles falling off the walls. That being said, the rest of the room was decent and they do appear to be doing renovations throughout the hotel. The neighborhood is decently safe but unattractive. I probably would not stay there again if I could find another hotel in the same price range.

Wonder Experience in Florence The plaza below our window

Opluent Surroundings A really beautiful hotel, incredible opluence. The feel of the hotel is very good, you feel like you are getting a high quality product. The costs are reflective of that premium service, but a good place to stay in Dallas if you want to push the boat out.

Central and Easy-Going We stayed 4 nights in this hotel. 3 nights first, then returned for an extra night after visiting other cities. (Both stays were on weekends) We easily booked the rooms on the website - the only hotel in Spain where we were able to successfully do so on this trip. That alone makes the trip so much easier. We expected it to be like the Standard Hotel in the US in terms of service, efficiency, and hipness. It turned out to be quite true - except that it's a smaller hotel. But thank god no one sipping cocktails at the lobby, a party hotel in a party town would be too much.Room is small but not cramped, since bed is installed at an angle (hard to explain) which maximizes the space. No bathtub (we won't soak in hotel bathtubs anyway), and the shower is built in a way that the water will definitely get the outside floor soaking wet (unfortunate for the ones who does room cleaning).We stayed in one room facing Calle del Prado which we preferred (very cute and old Madrid, facing residences with their screened doored balcony), and another room facing the more bustling Calle del Principe (main thoroughfare for bar-hoppers) which we didn't like as much as it was also on a lower floor. From the floor plan it seemed there are some rooms that don't have outer street views. I will definitely ask for one that does.Floor to ceiling double windows (you cannot open the outer ones though, but they provide much needed sound proofing) with vertical blinds give stretegic view of all the action on Plaza Santa Ana (with tons of restaurants and a great site to see waking up, though we avoided them since they look touristy to us). We easily walked to Chueca, Lavapies, La Latina, Thyssen-Bornemisza, Prado, etc. and never took a taxi or metro (note: we live in New York and do walk a lot) on our entire stay in Madrid except to and from airport and Atocha train station to our next city.A couple of problems. We did have to request new soap after our first night there (being Aug in Madrid for 2, it is essential. Regardless, if the soap is out, we expect it to be replaced). On our last night there, we found during check-in that the safe is busted (the numerical pad is gone and safe is not usable). We wished we were told about it before taking the room. We informed reception (but really was politely confronting) and he only confirmed that it's true it's broken but didn't give an explanation about whether someone forgot their # or someone got their stuff stolen. I think it would have helped if they explained to make visitors feel at ease.Breakfast was okay - not revelatory. We ate much much better outside of the hotel and only ate there the mornings of checkouts, since it's silly to not explore such a great culinary city.We don't know if we will stay there again, because we do like to try new places. But I would not dissuade anyone from staying there.

Our first Iberostar Experience! Iberostar Dominicana Beach

Great Service Again Family and friends spent another great weekend in NYC - Two nights at a Residence Inn at Newark airport and one night at the Marquis. The front desk clerk at the Marquis (Delores) was quick, efficient and pleasant and allowed an early check in. Multiple elevator trips and NO problems experienced! The rooms were excellent. I would definitly recommend this hotel to anyone planning to visit the city and wants to stay in Times Square.

Loved the location We stayed there for three nights with two couple friends.Only 15 mn walk to Circular Quay.Very friendly staff at the counter. The breakfast .....could be better.Good size room. We recommand this hotel which is excellent value for money.

Not too bad Not a bad hotel but not the best. Room was ok and clean. Didn't eat in the hotel so can't comment on the meals.Good location though, very close to Copley Sq, the Pru and the public Library. Loads of eating/drinking places around with a good value food court in the bottom of the Pru centre.Hotel seems to be trading on its past glories a little but I would stay here again - providing I can get a good internet rate!

Good but not great Best thing about the hotel is the location - bang opposite Faneuil Hall and Quincy Market and almost on the Freedom Trail.Our room was on the 7th floor at the back overlooking the Holocaust Memorial. The room was clean and of an ok size but the furniture was a bit tatty and it needed sprucing up. Bathroom was fine.Hotel was very expensive to eat or drink in (and the mini-bar was a real rip-off). Easy solution - walk over the road to Quincy Market and you have over 75 eating places to choose from, with prices ranging from the dirt cheap to moderately expensive (avoid the Rustic Kitchen!).I would stay at the hotel again but only because of its location and the cheap internet deals you can get. Don't pay full rate.

Great Stop-Over Hotel Montura Flight Path - Room View

Don't listen to negative reviews My fiancee and I, age 27 28, got back from Excellence just over a week ago, and I have to say that this resort is amazing. Anyone who finds fault with it is either weird or someone who goes on vacation looking for something to complain about. Here's a quick breakdown:BEACH: Very nice and big. Not the white sand, but beautiful nontheless. The water is pretty rough, and I was worried about that from reading other reviews, but I have to say that swimming in the ocean was more fun with the waves than in the calmer waters in Mexico. The red flag was flying everyday, but there were always people swimming and always a lifeguard on duty.Pools: Amazing!! Long and winding, with a nice swim-up bar and other bars always close by. The more secluded cascade pool was really nice too. Like the beach, it was always pretty easy to find a place to lie down.Food: The last couple of reviewers said the food was horrible. These people must be used to 5 star restaurants in Paris, and even then I don't see how they could say that the food was bad. We ate breakfast and lunch almost everyday at the Toscana, although they always had something to eat by the pools and down at the beach at 12:30. The breakfast buffet was great. My fiancee liked the omelette station, and the buffet food was above average. Lunch at the Toscana was great. Again the buffet food was good, and the pasta station was amazing - choose your own ingredients and sauces. For supper, we did not go to the Agave, the Spice, or the Mediterranean restaurant. Chez Isabelle (French) and the Toscana (Italian) were our favourites. They were amazing and I don't understand how people complain because everyone there during our stay seemed to agree with us. Try the Chateaubriand at Chez Isabelle. The Grill restaurant was also good. The only disappointment was the Lobster House. I love lobster and had heard that it wasn't as good in the Dominican, but I still held out hope. Well, it wasn't as good, and the other food was below the standard set by the other restaurants. Overall, the food was great!!!Service: Everyone there was amazing. The service was great everywhere on the resort; such friendly people. We had some repeated problems with our toilet, which probably could have ruined other people's trips, but to us it was absolutely no big deal. Again, the staff went out of their way to make sure things were resolved.Activities: Lots to do. We played tennis, pool, volleyball, ping pong, and went horseback riding. The nature park, the gym, the spa were also very good. The activities staff is great, although sometimes it is hard to get the people motivated to get involved, and they were never pushy. The nightly entertainment was good, not great. This resort isn't really tailored to young singles; the nightlife is not very wild.Overall, this resort is amazing for a romantic getaway. I would recommend it to anybody.

Excellent hotel at an excellent price Booked the Sofitel for a bargain price of on airline-network.We were given a lovely king room, gorgeous bed, decor and bathroom. The room was just lovely after a long flight from Heathrow.The reception staff always said hello or mostly bonjour! The locationwas perfect, close enough to Times Square and 6th Avenue for some fun but quiet enough for some peace!There was also a great restaurant almost next door which did some great breakfasts!We drank at the bar both nights and had some great fun.Could not fault this hotel at all.

WOW ! What an amazing hotel !!It was my first trip to HK ! I was on my own on a business trip and this hotel just made me feel at home.Room was fantastic ! Book or ask for a Harbourview, it is really worth it. Pool on roof was excellent, as was the gym,All the restaurants, well, buffet and steakhouse were fantastic ! I really could not recommend this hotel more. Plus star ferry to central is a 5 min walk away !Don't stay down Nathan Road, just visit it !! Its lovely to get away from the crowds and head back to Hung Hom.

Great location, room and service - minutes from train station This is a hotel I wish I could have stayed longer in. From check in to check out the service was impeccable and the room excellent. The location, a five-minute walk from the train station and right next to the historic area of Amsterdam, was outstanding. The room was very large with a desk, flat screen TV and free mini-bar. The architectural details of the building were also impressive lobby area is worth a visit. Denver Mullican, New Orleans

Central location within walking distance of train station Clean hotel in the heart of Amsterdam a ten-minute walk from the train station. The business center offers free Internet and printing. You have to use the key card to use most of the facilities, including the elevator. There are a number of restaurants on the same block as the hotel many are open late. Denver Mullican, New Orleans

Great Location Great location a few blocks away from the KaDeWe department store and a ten minute walk to the zoo. Service is very good, rooms are spacious and the front desk staff is extremely helpful. There is free Internet access in the lobby. There are a number of good restaurants in the area and the Turkish restaurant next door is quite good and prices are very reasonable.Denver MullicanNew Orleans

Commedy of Errors We stayed at The Four Seasons George V last week over The New Years Holiday for six nights. First the good news, The Aesthetics of this Property are beautiful. I give Jeff Latham a lot of credit. Here is the unfortunate news, this hotel is not worth one dime over $500.00 a night. A Hotel that charges $1500.00 dollars a night needs to pay much more attention to details. A few examples would be the linens are not that great as a true luxury hotel uses Frette Sheets, Not here. A Luxury Hotel provides water at turn down service. Not here, they want you to pay extra for water at $1500.00 a night. Room service was constantly forgetting details of our breakfast order and God forbid you would like an extra piece of bread as this hotel will charge you for it. The Towels are not in good condition and they are not even monogramed. One Vodka and Orange Juice will cost you $38.00 American Dollars. Get the picture. The staff are polite but in a robotic manner as to suggest give us as much of your money as possible and we will put up with you. I can understand why celebrities stay here because the property is very descreet and movie stars have there own staff and do not have to rely on the hotel for services. In the final analysis I would really think twice about residing here for a week like I did as the bill at checkout was almost $12,000.00 and I felt as if the staff were completely cold and unfriendly. If your going to Paris stay at Le Grand Inter-Continental and save yourself a small fortune and the staff may actually care about you as well.

Supreme Luxury Amazing. Perfect. Flawless. Stayed on The Club Floor and was treated like Royalty. The highest Standards in Sheets, Bed was sooo Comfy and the Staff friendly. This is an Amazing City and A True Six Star Hotel.

June-July 2008 review I was there back in summer time. A nice location near Union Square and downtown. The room was so-so with 2 beds and one small bathroom. Hallway looks creepy at night with portrait photos looking at you in a mean way....scary. Can't complain...a good hotel to stay at but may recommend to look for another hotel in SF.

Wonderful Spring Break Vacation! A shot from our room

Good value in an ideal location. I stayed here in August 06 and this was probably the best value for money Hotel that stayed in, in Italy. The staff were extremely helpful, the location have been any better, you could see the Duomo from the bedroom window and could walk almost anywhere. The room was large, the shower / toilet was clean and adequate. The beds / towels are changed daily, the air-conditioning although slightly noisy did what it was meant to do and kept the room at the temperature at which it was set. The breakfast was ideal, with a never-ending supply of fresh orange, tea, coffee etc. The hotel is down a side street just off a busy main road but even with the windows open, you would have to struggle to hear any noise from it. The lift could take four people (of UK size). The computer in the reception area did have a slightly sticky keyboard, but hey for holiday use and free 24 / 7. I arrived by plane so I have any trouble parking. There is a good selection or / restaurants near by (although I would advise that you avoid the Fish Bar). I disagree with most of the other reviews. This is a good quality three-star hotel, which I would certainly return to.

Just returned from an excellent 10 day stay at a truly world class hotel! We just returned from a 10 day family vacation to San Francisco where we enjoyed 2 connecting rooms at this exquisite hotel. Every moment spent at the San Francisco Omni Hotel was truly a pleasure! I could not have expected more from our entire experience at this hotel. From the timely communication about the reservation and on-line check-in options, the attentive and warm reception received from each staff member at the time of arrival, the wonderful daily amenities received as simply being a member of the FREE Select Guest program, impeccable housekeeping, exceptional dining through room service and Bob's restaurant, the special kid's program that allowed my daughter to feel just as special as we did each and every day...this hotel has all the bases covered! If you wish for your stay in San Francisco to be a true pleasure for both business and personal travel, you will not be disappointed by staying at this truly world class hotel!

Excellent location, but bad service/price ratio We stayed at the Intercontinental from 01/27/06 until 02/03/06. In short: a very good location but a very low average level of the hotel's guests, no controls and no appropriate interventions from hotel's officers and a very bad service/price ratio. A few examples.At the swimming pool, pool attendants, except those who hand over the towels but don't make anything else (I have unsuccessfully asked to be helped on with the placing of an umbrella ),are nonexistent; still at the pool, where chairs are extremely close each other, one day ny four neighbours had lunch with cans and foods picked up at a nearby supermarket, thus disseminating all around stinks and garbage, but evidently the hotel management allows it; inside there is one bar only, unbelievably noisy due to the music always kept at full volume,but with no alternatives; the waitresses of the bar are very uncultured and one of them didn't know the existence of something called sherry; many of the hotel's guests wear baseball caps and Stetson in the evening even in the bar and the restaurants and have a behaviour which would be very indulgent to define as coarse; the hotel's shop has only a couple of local and of American newspapers, and that's all;etc.Obviously my complaints would be of little importance, if any, should I refer to a third class hotel, but I am talking about an Intercontinental with room rates justifiable only for a high class hotel.In conclusion, the excellent location of the Intercontinental in Portorico, just on the beach and very close to the airport, is surely a positive aspect but absolutely insufficient to compensate all the negative ones ( and I have mentioned only a few of them ).

Move Out Booked this hotel on rydges web site, Billy Elliot at the Capital hotel next door. The room was very small with 2 single bedsbathroom, room for one person only at a time, window faced on to a alley ,dark room very tired hotel expected more from the Rydges Group. If you want to go to see a show at the Capital ,try the Metro opposite.

Experience of a LifeTime! the Lobby

Gorgeous beach, friendly staff -- A delight! The main arrival area.

The Most Amazing Hotel Experience Ever We reserved the Stay Longer Package, in which we received our third night free (a total of four nights was our stay) we were also given $60.00/complimentary room service or restaurant voucher every morning. The staff was fantastic, when you arrived through the main doors, they always asked how your day was and if you needed help with the bags. They also performed a great turndown service. They layout extra pillows, robes, slippers, waters, and the first night we got a free frappachino and biscotti. TIP** if you are left anything, at any hotel, assume that it is complimentary unless stated otherwise. The bath products were fantastic, as was the shower, and the bed. A little disappointed that internet was not free, but we made up for that with getting the USA Today, New York Times, and Wall Street Journal delivered for free every morning.TIP-Book a Premier Room and ask for one of the __02 rooms (ie. 602, 702, 802, etc.) they are corner rooms and have approx. 700 sq ft.

Clean, stylish rooms, modern, good location for exploring the city Found this special offer of 3nights for the price of 2nights during our stay in August 2008, excellent value for the quality provided. Although predominently a business hotel well situated in a quiet area on Diagonal Ave in central Barcelona. Just a couple of blocks from the nearest metro, within 20mins walk of Plaza Catalunya and Las Ramblas. Whilst we loved the buzz of Las Ramblas we were very pleased not to be staying in a hotel in the middle of all the bustle. The rooms are modern and very well appointed, with efficient friendly service. Did not eat at the hotel as there are several tapas bars, cafes etc within easy reach of the hotel. Would recommend, especially if there are deals available.

Just great Great location (a stone's throw from circular quay) and fantastic service (I phoned for an ironing board and it arrived within 90 seconds). Only complaint would be the small rooms (relative to other hotels of the same class).Unique for the Sydney CBD, the hotel has an outdoor pool which is hardly used, and a very pleasant place to relax after a pie at Harry's.

Fabulous Just wonderfulSwift check in, even though it was 3am. Was upgraded to a suite on arrival, which was beautifully appointed and (like the rest of the hotel) newly renovated.Staff are plentiful (I'd guess they outnumber the guests by at least 2:1) and serve you in the genuinely pleasant, deferent, instinctive and never-overbearing way which is the hallmark of a top notch hotel.Only complaint (and I'm clutching at straws here) was the price of a beer in the bar, but that's to be expected: wouldn't want a load of drunk backpackers spoiling the atmosphere would we?

Nice hotel We stayed there between July 8 - 10. Its very near to Dam square and Rembrandtsquare. The breakfast was quite elaborate and the shower was wow. The reception staff is very couteous and the room by Europe standard is above average. I would love to go and stay there again.

Great Location, but average hotel Booked the hotel and flight through expedia for 2 nights for a great price. The hotel is in a great location! Walking distance from the train station (5 min) and all the main attractions. The staff were very friendly and always chatty and welcoming. The rooms are average really, a little worn down but clean and comfortable. I would recommend the hotel for a short stay as your really only going to be in there for sleep and for that its fine! However, please note that Internet Access is not free and they charge a tourist tax upon checkout as well

First class service Stayed just one night as part of Singapore Airlines Stopover Program, with my wife, son, daughter in law and 2 grandchildren. Very friendly staff let us keep the rooms until 4 pm because of late departure for Europe. Nice Pool and excellent food. Will be back!

Excellent Service and Location! Great Honeymoon spot! Desk with ottoman

Nice prices in a great location My room looking out to Sydney

Excellent service, great location My wife and I stayed 3 nights at this hotel to celebrate my birthday. We booked our stay over the internet using the hotel's own website. This was smooth and without any hitches. We also booked a limo from the hotel to pick us up from the airport. Our pick up was there to meet us on time and was friendly, efficient and courteous. The check in process was also very smooth. We booked a club suite with a harbor view. It was excellent and the view was suberb. Since we arrived very early, our first meal was breakfast. The range of food and fruits available in the restaurant is one of the best I have ever seen. On subsequent days we had breakfast in the club lounge which was also very very good. The hotel is connected to a great shopping mall and my wife spent many happy hours there. The complimentary afternoon tea in the club lounge of the hotel is a great way to relax after a morning of shopping. There are a number of good restaurants around the hotel and we tended to have breakfast and afternoon tea in the hotel and all other meals outside the hotel. The staff of this hotel are excellent and the level of service of a very high standard. We would definitely stay here again and highly recommend it.

Great place to spend a night Looking into the room toward bed window, both spanning the full width of the room.

Amazing Vacation Lisa and Kevin

Ask twice if you want something done I stayed here on business for a week. As a vacation property, it's a nice place. As a business hotel, it has issues. If you find issues, be prepared to ask twice to get them fixed.On my first night, my air conditioner didn't cool the room enough. In the morning, I asked to have it fixed. That day, it wasn't fixed (they went home early today). That evening I tried three other rooms until I found one with a fully functional A/C.There are no coffee pots in the rooms (so you'll buy coffee in the restaurant). I said I want a coffee pot, since I leave for business in the morning before the restaurant opens. It didn't arrive after the first day, so I insisted and it arrived for the third day.They send out laundry (a real feature), but only if you insist (why wasn't laundry picked up today? I don't know, we'll send it out tomorrow). Evidently, laid-back vacation spots are not high-performing business hotels.

It looks better online We recently stayed here for 3 nights and it was disappointing to say the least. I am a Starwood Preferred Member and this was probably the worse experience I have ever had at any of their properties. Their sub par, the rooms and atmosphere is and nothing truly nice or extraordinary. I actually found the room to be much smaller than I expected and it was a huge disappointment. I was debating staying here or at the Argonaut at the Cannery which both had similar pricing for the dates we were staying and I was kicking myself that I had chose the Sheraton. The location was good but really the only thing going for it, as some of the other reviewers have mentioned this is an older hotel, but according to the Sheraton website they just spent $33 million renovating this hotel. Um, I know where the $33 million went, and if this is after the renovation I would hate to have seen what this place looked liked prior to the renovations. To top everything off they also charge $43 a day to park your vehicle (valet or self park same price) and they add $7 tax on top of that $43 so you are really paying $50 a day to park is ridiculous especially when you are a guest of the hotel and you are already spending $400 a night to stay there (we stayed during Fleet Weekend). If I could do this over would not stay here. Good customer service does not exist here and for the money you could stay somewhere nicer and closer to more touristy attractions like the Cannery or Ghirardelli Square are all in walking distance to Wharf and Pier 39.

Good location, nice decor, hot water problems Good points:very very central locationvery nice decor (much better than many hotels I've stayed at in Paris)Breakfast was good enough (with English newspapers as well)Good rate via laterooms.com at 150Euro per night.Bad points:I was on the 6th floor and with the windows open it was noisy, but expect that for central Paris.No air-con. I suspect the rooms will be very hot in the summer.NO WATER in the morning!! This happened twice!Reception greeting on arrival - the guy behind the desk was very miserable. However, other receptionists were very nice.

Fisherman's Wharf's Best Choice Had our reservation for months at the Argonaut before getting a deal by naming my own price at Priceline and saved approximately 25%. Try it as all of the rooms are similar and they can't stick you in an inferior room just because you are a Priceline Customer, a practice I have encountered at other properties.With that said, this is a great choice for families visiting SF. Fisherman's Wharf is the place to stay for family tourist. Note, not for couples on a romantic getaway or for business, but for family tourist and the Argonaut is a great choice for that segment. Mom and Dad will like the decor, the evening complimentary wine tasting and the Kimpton Hotel chains attention to the little details that make a place better than the rest. Kids will like being at ground zero for all the tourist activity that swirls around this section of the city, Pier 39, the cruise to Alcatraz, Ghiradelli Square and the endless T-Shirt and sunglass stores your 12 to 18 year old set loves (plus lots of their peers to mix with).I have no complaints other than to echo the high price of Valet parking but after a 400 mile day on the road, I wasn't up for anything other than handing it over to the valet knowing I was about to take a forty dollar a day beating. The only other thing i can mention, and this is minor but so weird I've got to mention, is that most of the room doors open out into the hall (think about it) and when people let them shut, they make a noise enough to wake the dead (I qualify as such after a night on the town!).

Great Bargain Got this room for 10 days at $69/night. Reading the reviews left on this website prior to going I was very skeptical. I learned a valuable lesson, don't listen to everything you hear. This hotel is old, needs renovating. If you want ammenities go somewhere else, if you want a room to sleep/shower in, book this hotel. Perfect location for getting onto Waikiki beach or jumping on H1 to get to Northshore or windward side of the island. The staff seemed nice, although I never asked them for one thing the entire time. The restaraunt was cheap and the food was descent. The room, well it had clean beds and a clean bathroom, that's all I care about. I was never kept up by noise at night, although in the morning you could hear the birds in the zoo, which I enjoyed. Parking is $15/day and the lot always had an open spot somewhere. The only complaint that I have is the elevators were slow during peak times like 9-10 am and 5-7 pm. We were gone doing stuff the entire time we stayed in this hotel so it was great for us, if you plan to use your room for more than a sleeping/hygiene spot then I would recommend another hotel.

Good for the Price View towards laundromat on Via Nazionale

Excellent price-quality-ratio It was the 2nd time we stayed in this hotel. It is situated in a quit street near the There are some rather good restaurants in the surrounding. The staf is very helpful and if you have certain wishes concerning your room they realy try to realize these. The breakfast was very good and abundant. Use of the internet is free. We booked via BOOKINGS, so there were no additional costs.Very recommandable.

Great Hotel Metrolink Station

Modern Central Hotel ... But Noisy TV Area

Fine, stylish reasonably priced boutique hotel Very friendly, extremely accommodating hotel that is centrally located in the Eixample. The room was small but modern and very clean. Everything worked! The staff worked extra hard to provide us a dairy free breakfast. They helped us with a minor medical problem as well. The rate was extremely reasonable in this very popular city. I wish they had special arrangements for parking as the covered parking garage nearly was quite expensive.

Great Hotel Great Hotel.Excellent location. The rooms were well appointed.Despite being right on the Ramblas the rooms were exceptionallyquiet. Roof deck was beautiful and very peaceful.Spa was outstanding. The spa pool was magical.Complementary tea 5/7pm was great. Front desk was very helpful.Would definitely stay there again.

Great location, had problem with security Hotel is in the most central location in Madrid for tourists.Approximately half way from Museums and Royal Madrid attractions. Also halfway between shopping district and the older quarter. Very well kept and clean.Rooms are very funky and well appointed. Hotel can be a little noisy at times. Only problem we had was with security in the hotel's breakfast room. My daughters purse was snatched from the breakfast room by outsiders who were able to enter the hotel dining room despite a very non effective security man who stood outside the entrance to the breakfast room. Needless to say the experience somewhat soured our trip to Madrid.

Wonderful Vacation at Edenh Real Arena Nany and me

Reviews are accurate Other reviews are accurate, this is a lovely hotel, fantastic location. Staff very helpful but rooms facing the street are noisy. Asked for courtyard room but very late arrival so didn't get one. Streetside rooms are not quiet until about 3am, either join them or get the earplugs out!

Absolutely Fantastic Hotel The entrance

Indifferent and unreliable We stayed as part of a conference package and I say it was an entirely positive experience but neither was it the worst Hotel I have stayed at.There were some good things about breakfast was shuttle service to and from the airport and to the T station was free and fairly reliable but was often of the staff were nice.Now for the bad stuff.If you are keen on clean, its not the place for you. I found a hair inthe bath on arrival and the vent in bathroom was very dirty. I am fairly tolerant about these things but if you like a place that has been well cleaned so that previous occupants are no longer in evidenceyou may not feel comfortable here.The toilet malfunctioned in such a way that it flooded the bathroom and some of the rest of the room in the middle of the night. When we reported this the following day the receptionist said No apology no surprise.When I suggested that he might like to apologise he said was the trouble ..running all when I explained about the flood he said that is a bad of this told me it was not an isolated incident. The toilet did run all night on the following two nights but I resorted to amateur plumbing. If you like this sort of help the staff approach to hotel keeping again the Ramada Boston is probably not for you.The location is far from downtown and the shuttle comes every half hour to JFK. Since we were all at a conference together we generally ignored the bus being full and got on in any case. There are apparently no Taxis at JFK T station so if you enjoy being stranded in the cold for some time again you should consider other options. BTW probably not the Comfort that is run by the same family on the same site.I suppose you might want to stay there if it was very cheap and everywhere else was booked but my recommendation is definitely look elsewhere.

Highly recommended Great choice for all of central Boston and Back Bay. Very smooth check in with pleasant staff and a great buffet breakfast. The rooms are great. Large enough for two adults and two teens. Shower a little counter intuitive for Europeans but hardly a big issue.Location as has been pointed out is superb with short walks to Boylston and Newbury St shopping. Easy stroll to Boston Common and if you want even through to Cambridgeshire Mall and Fanueil Hall. Subway is close if you prefer although stations being rebuilt this year and public AC not very effective/non existent. Would like to return. Costs very very reasonable for centre of a US city and much better than anything in NYC.

Best Airport hotel in bad circumstances Reason for Stay: As ever most visitors stay here because they are defaulting from flying out of Frankfurt. This should not be the case as it is in fact a very nice hotel and therefopre unlike 99% of all other airport hotels in the UK, Europe or US.Rooms: These are very modern and Germanically clean. The attention to design detail is pleasing. The staff are very welcoming and particularly as must get a lot of very tired and irritable customers. I think they should be congratulated. Cable TV is very wide and a good range of sports and news is standard I guess with all Sheraton.I found it expensive at 360 Euro for bed and breakfast and one in roommeal but then again in this circumstance it was an oasis in an otherwise tedious trip.

Do not stay here!!!! This place is a pit! The pictures on the website are way outdated and you'd be better off sleeping next to a dumpster. The TINY rooms are the saddest excuse of a room, the bathrooms are appalling, and staff was super rude. Wasn't expecting a klassy Ramada, but c'mon, any one star hotel would be better by far.

Great place, bit of a walk from the Metro We spent three days in Spain and stayed two nights at the Barcelona Center Hotel. The property is very elegant and the room fantastic! I of course raided the minibar and found the bill pretty reasonable considering. Yes the hotel is on top of a railway line as another reviewer mentioned--but we were on the 4th floor and could barely hear it; besides, the line stops running at midnight anyway. Didn't get a chance to try the jacuzzis on the roof but there's an excellent view of the Sagrada Familia from up there. As others have mentioned, it's for breakfast and we skipped that as well, though finding a cafe open on a Sunday morning is a bit tricky! If you walk northeast two blocks to the Rambla de Catalunya (not to be confused with La Rambla which is an awful tourist trap and should be avoided at all costs!), there are several very nice cafes and restaurants. In fact, we found Kess, right near the Passeig de Gracia Metro stop, to be an excellent lunch spot and ate there twice.The hotel itself is a good 10 minute walk from the Metro Diagonal stop, so if you're not up for walking or have loads of luggage, you might have to find a bus route or taxi. We usually travel very light and it wasn't a big deal. The thing I loved the most about the hotel was its location: upscale part of town, away from the obnoxious touristas. Lots of great restaurants around and it's much quieter and safer than the more popular areas southeast.

Good central hotel, free internet I am at Hotel Toledano in Barcelona right now. I read the reviews on this site after I booked and was quite concerned. The room is small, but clean and everything works. Hot water. Toilet has powerful flush. Fine for me. They are located excellently on La Rambla, yet the room is quiet. Easy to find after dark from the Metro (Catalunya). Best of all they have free internet and are trialling Wi-Fi (doesn't work in my room but good at reception). Excellent value hotel in my opinion.

Friendly Service. Just back from 3 days in Hong Kong, our first visit, 2 parents and 3 adult children, booked through Trailfinders. Lots of positives about the Ciy Garden Hotel although we really only slept there.When we arrived at the Airport late at night I went to the nearest limo desk to ask for a transfer, the helpful girl (all HK staff we met were helpful) suggested we go to City Gardens own desk at the airport for advice, about 50m from the arrivals exit. There he explained all the options for transfer, the speed and cost of each one, when we opted to use Airport Express he explained where to buy the tickets to get the discount for buying 5 at once.At the Hotel as others have said, very friendly and helpful staff, fast check in, during the stay dealt with our only problem immediately. 6.00 pm checkout an unexpected bonus as we were flying late at night and when we checked out at 6.00 pm and asked for 2 taxis back to Airport Express station they suggested we go on their free shuttle instead which was about to leave for the station.We bought their buffet breakfast as it was good value, high quality, and excellent service, but otherwise didn't use their restaurants as we were out all day. Local supermarket if needed.We were put on the 16th floor, I've no experience of other HK hotels but it does seem that space is at a premium in HK so I would say the rooms were fine for space. It was a bit of a squeeze to get 2 single beds and a rollup in the childrens room but plenty of room around our double bed. Shower over bath rather that separate. Clean and very attentive housekeeping.It is located in North Point area on Hong Kong Island, away from absolute centre of activity in Central, but very close to Fortress Hill MTR, tram and on main bus routes. As the public transport system is so efficient, easy to use (I recommend an Octopus card) and air conditioned, location is not a problem unless you particularly wanted to walk and only visit one part of the city. It was so hot and humid in July that we often dived for the MTR or a bus just to cool off and to travel a distance that we would have normally walked.I would recommend City Garden Hotel to others.

Fine if you are in new wing Stayed here Labor Day weekend 2005. Previous reviews are very acccurate. We stayed in the updated Tower Wing. Room was spacious and very nice. However the rest of this hotel has not seen a renovation since the 60's. Room was very quiet.

Perfect Airport Hotel Stayed here 1st week of Sept 2005. Nice rooms,very quiet. The restuarant is very good , especially for an airport hotel.

A+ this hotel is literally at the end of a runway at boston logan airport HOWEVER you can not hear any airplane noise!!!! Great views of boston harbor and downtown boston. there should be more places like this out there!!

nice place pretty good hotel an good location put some family up when they came to visit they did not spend alot of time at the hotel but it was clean and service was good

Great location good location for people working in the financial district or even tourist. hotel is in china town. below the average hilton in service.

Great Location - Tiny Room! This is a nice hotel in an excellent location. However its not cheap.Its going for the boutique feel which I liked but having spent 2 days here and trying to work in the room it feels a bit like being stuck in a hutch!

Fine Hotel We stayed at this hotel as part of a Monograms tour. The hotel is in a good location, right on the Arno river and only about 10-15 minutes walk to the downtown area. The hotel itself is fine, not fancy, but comfortable with a good breakfast, helpful staff, and a good-sized, clean room. Only negative was the shower, which was not a standalone unit but was just a curtained off area in the bathroom. We had some flooding issues until we figured out how to use it correctly...There is both a supermarket and an internet cafe within a few blocks of the hotel - ask the front desk for details. We saved a fortune by purchasing bottled water and soda at the supermarket instead of while we were walking around, and the internet cafe came in handy for checking e-mail.

Great Hotel Slightly Cramped but nice

Great stay Nice bed

fabulous hotel my wife and I just stayed here onw week ago and we had a suite which was beautiful and very quiet.we will certainly return.I felt the staff was great as was the food both in the room and in the restaurant.also we had fun in the bar.it would appear that it is a great choice for the value

Good Hotel. Refurbished Room

Welcome Home Again Beach view(east) ?

Hope to return !!! One view of the pool

Pacific Club Rooms First stay at the Pan Pacific. I was travelling alone on Business. Since there are a number of reviews on the hotel I thought I would focus on the Pan Pacific Club Floor. Simply, the Hotel and Staff were excellent. The Club floor rooms are on upper floor of the Hotel providing outstanding views of the city. Upon arriving at the hotel you go the the Pacific Club Desk and are then escorted to a private checkin area on the 33rd floor. The elevators to the checkin desk are on the exterior face of the building offering spectacular views of the city. Upon checkin you will be greeted by the most hospitable of hosts who will remember you name the entire stay. You will recieve a cool fresh fruit drink and towel while being quickly checked in. Staying on the Pacific Club floor offers a number of ammenities that make it worth the additional price. First there are lounges on the 33rd and 34th floor for Pan Pacific Club guests. The 33rd Floor Lounge is open 24 hours with complimentary coffee, tea , juice and light snacks. Complimentary is the theme while staying on these floors... Choice of breakfast is served on the 33rd floor ( American) , the Lobby Lounge ( Continental) ; Global Kitchen Restaurant ( Buffet) or in-room dining. There is afternoon tea ( 3-5PM), Cocktails and Hors d'Oeuvres ( 5:30-7 PM) and Liquor Service ( 8-10) on the 34th Floor Club. In addition there is a complimentary in-room mini-bar stocked daily with beer, Liquor, water and soda. Internet access and local calls as well as the pressing of 3 garments are also complementary. The rooms are very spacious and well appointed. Plenty of storage as there are two closets and numerous dresser draws. There is an ironing board and iron in each room. The room has a large flat panel TV and DVD player. The Bathroom is very large and luxurious. Marble everywhere. L'occitane bath products , hair dryer, shaving kits , tooth brush and paste are included. There is a seperate shower and bath. There are a number of very good restaurants in the hotel. Even with all the ammenties the outstanding service throughout the hotel is what really stood out.

Not that great The Bed

Great Stay At The Millenium I stayed here 2 nights with my wife and could not have had a better time we stayed on the 33rd floor. We had a view right out at ground zero which I did not see since 9-11 so it was a learning experience as far as accesing the damage. The room service was great and the mini bar is a tease but for those prices I could not touch it. So I advise anyone who stays to not look in there because it 's gonna get you. I would recommend this to all peole for all different reasons.

Wonderful hotel My wife and I stayed at this hotel late last year and it was a great experience. The staff is friendly and the location great. Note it's a long way from union square and fishermans wharf, but as long as you are aware of that it doesn't matter. One suggestion though if you want to blow the budget on a fantastic meal it's just down the road from Boulevard restaurant which is one of SF's finest. The only complaint I'd have is that the rooms are small, it is hard to get around that but if you pay more money they do have larger rooms with harbour views but I only saw those when I walked down the hall.

A real boutique hotel The hotel was very close to the main train station with duomo very close. The area was safe and hotel quite clean and fancy. The wall paintings, fixtures and everything was very retro and at the same time took you back in florence history. The room/bathroom was not only clean but very charming and colorful. We just loved this place. breakfast was included, desk staff was very helpful, i think couple of owners are always there. This was a 2 star hotel in price and 4 star otherwise. A great find !!

great hotel in great location If you book this hotel from the hotel site, you will pay a lot of money. Overall the location was good, it was behind the hyatt regency and few blocks from kalakua ave. breakfast in the morning was muffins, juice and banana but they were very fresh and did not have US mainland taste. rooms were tiny but modern, enough for two people who are visiting hawaii.

I need to forget this place!! Our Honeymoon had been going so well! We had been staying at some excellent hotels.........then we stayed at this hotel!From the time we walk in we hit probelm after problem. Where to start???1: The room was not ready when we arrived and we had to wait 15 minutes while they looked for something for us. This was at 3.30pm and the guaranteed check in time was 2pm!........No apology for the wait!2: We were informed the Club rooms were under some rennovations. This was ok but they put our room directly under the drilling. We were very tired from our early morning flight and could not rest. We were told the works would stop at 5pm. At 6.30pm i had to ask the Duty Manager to get them to stop the works........he thought they had gone home already!!......no apology for the disturbance!3: The in room internet did not work. We were told that sometime it does not work??? When we wnet downstairs to use their internet desk we were told we would need to pay $1.00 a minute! 24 hours of in room internet would have cost us $24.00!! We asked where the closest internet cafe because $1.00 a minute was the most i had ever experienced and were told it was just down the street. After much hunting around we were told by a few locals that there was no internet cafe so we walk for 10 minutes further and found one for only 8 cents a minute! Lucky we used our own initiative!.......no apology for the internet not working!4: After speaking to the Guest Services Manager about the noise in our room we were offered a room move. We wanted to check it our first and found they tried to give us a downgrade! Not good! We decided to check out the following day as things were getting worse and worse..........The Guest Services Manager apologised numberous times (she was a great help by the way but to little to late)5: I had booked the room direct with the hotel. They stated that because it was my honeymoon i would get a fruit basket on arrival. This was not there and i alerted front desk who said his colleagues would take it up while we were out. I wonder where it went because it sure was not in the room! I informed the same staff member it did not turn up and he just shrugged his shoulders..........no apology for it not arriving!Over all i really need to forget this place exhists! Honeymoons have to be memorable and this place was memorable but all for the bad reasons. Unfortunately we wasted oe whole day in Singapore due to this hotel We will not be back!!

Totally Excellent Experience! Having just got married in Fiji we arrived in Hong Kong for the start of our honeymoon. I had chosen the Langham Place Hotel from the reviews on Trip Advisor. I booked my accommodation direct with the hotel and was very impressed with the efficiency they showed with my booking\enquiries. I can honestly say this hotel throughly deserves it top rating on Trip Advisor!Both my new wife and I were extremely impressed with the service, the room and everything else about the hotel. Everything from the efficiency of the booking process to the warm welcome we received from the 'Pink Ladies' made our stay in Hong Kong extremely pleasant.Having worked in 5 star hotels myself, i can honestly say this hotel definately lives up to its 5 star status. We had a room on the 26th floor which has the most wonderful view looking back into the main city of Hong Kong. Located in Mong Kok the hotel is close to the ladies market as well as the best place to buy electronics. Pay no attention to any feedback about Mong Kok not being a nice looking place. Remember that you are not in 'Kansas' anymore as i felt like i was experiencing the 'true' Hong Kong. The hotel is excellently located to the MRT which we used everyday. The MRT is even better than the cheap taxis that are prevalent around Hong Kong as it is fast and cheap (although quite crowded at times but thats the wonder of Hong Kong!). Food outside of the hotel was cheap and abundant. Walking around we felt completely safe although you do tend to feel a bit worried when the stall owners chase you down the street when you dont buy thier goods (if they are really keen on selling you something they will keep offering you a lower price and hound you until you cave in but its all done in a very friendly manner).Price wise this hotel is very resonable. The money we saved on accommodation we spend at the stores! Due to our wonderful experience both my new wife and i will be returning to Hong Kong and we will definately be staying at the Langham Place Hotel again!

Ago to The Agon Alexanderplatz Agon Alexanderplatz on Mollstrasse

Urine smell My list of problems: Urine smell in elevator; no hot water, toilet keeps running; ice machine leaks has large puddle in hallway; no fly screen on window(they claimed it was broken); room dirty after cleaning; I had to call to get clean towels; hookers in hallway( I have kids); clerks are rude with poor English; front desk won't answers calls. Nothing personal, its just a dump.

Great Hotel We stayed at the Intercontinental for 3 nights from 9-12 October. Secured an excellent rate for a room on the Club Floor. The hotel was modern and sparkling. Stunning atrium entrance. The room was clean, although no tea/coffee making facilities. We had breakfast at the LA Cafe - wide choice and efficient staff. Still don't know why they allow smoking in public areas or in restaurants. I suppose they'd lose 40% of their clientele. The spa area was very nice as well. Also we made full use of the club lounge - open bar from 6pm -snacks during the day. Nothing like popping in for an aperitif or several nightcaps. Highly recommended.

Good affordible Hotel Pretty good hotel. A short walk (but very doable) from most of the it is a bit less expensive. I stayed there on 4 different occasions in 2008 and the staff, rooms and experiences were all good.

Great place to lay your head and tour from This was our second stay at the Tuscan (THe first was 10 years ago). It is a wonderful clean place to stay and but two short blocks to Fisherman's Wharf. Earily evening free wine tasting (or wine drinking- they give you a full glass af several wines). In the morning free great coffee and biscotti in the lobby- with carry-out cups.Our room was always cleaned but they only give out 2 towels? I guess you only get one towel per day.It was interesting that we received a better room price by going thru Travelocity then by calling the hotel direct???If we ever return we would try to stay here for the third time..

Hard to beat We had a great time at this hotel of the other comments on here seem very unfair and over-expectant.Location location, right in the heart of Waikiki, and one of the few hotels to back right on to the beach. Great to be able to walk out of your hotel and 30 seconds later be on the beach. Very well situated for the local bus service, so we never had to rent a car, always a plus!Check-in got checked in immediately, the desk staff were very courteous and had upgraded us as it was our anniversary. While completing the process, we were presented with beads and a lei, as well as very refreshing lemongrass juice. If you stay here definitely enroll in the Starwood program before you book to get extra very worthwhile benefits.Room requested a room in the historic part of the hotel. It was very spacious, had a good view and was very modern. It was well cleaned, bed was very comfortable, and the room even had a refrigerator in it. There was an in-room safe, although a few days in it stopped working. We had a free local paper each day (even Sunday) and the room had very comfortable robes. Our room overlooked the courtyard, and we never had a problem with loud music or noise from the bar that others have complained about (they must have gone to bed at 6pm!). In fact, due to the close proximity of the beach, you wake up to the sounds of the surf lapping at the beach. Restaurant ate at the breakfast buffet twice. The food was good, but nothing special. Usual breakfast items, sausages, bacon, eggs, fresh fruit, yogurt, cereal. There is also Japanese fare. Wait staff was okay, but could have been more attentive, with refills etc. The price is a little expensive (but what in Hawaii?) The real plus to eating here is the location. You sit in the gorgeous Banyan Tree courtyard, enjoying the unparalleled view and cool pacific breeze. We never felt rushed to finish and help them turn the table over, so a relaxing breakfast by the beach! We had dinner there once and again a bit overpriced, but nice atmosphere. There was a hula band playing which was a bit too loud, so we asked to be seated indoors, and were impressed by the modern feel of the indoor area. Food was good, with a decent variety. Amenities has a nice sitting area both on the courtyard and indoors. This is an ideal place to wait after checkout before going to the airport. Nice rocking chairs at the front entrance which is a great place to watch the numerous wedding parties that arrive daily. They also have a PC setup in the reception area so you can check-in online and even print out your boarding pass! I have never seen this in any other hotel, and it is a definite plus. There is a pool and yes, the beach chairs do go early, but if you really want one you have to book the day before. We found this information on-line before we arrived so this a surprise to us. We had no problem getting a beach chair in the evening, so we could sit and watch the sunset. The concierge staff was very helpful in getting us information about going to the theatre and with bus schedules. The hotel offers an interesting tour of the hotel which goes over the history of the Surfrider. There is a fitness room, which is fairly well stocked. Overall, I would recommend this hotel highly, and imagine staying anywhere else in Waikiki.

What a delight! After a long train ride from Rochester, it was a quick 5 minute walk from Penn Station to the Hotel. We checked in and they had our reservation immediately to hand. For unknown reasons (but to our benefit) they upgraded us to the Penthouse! The staff were very friendly and accomodating, and efficient. We were given free bottled water (nice brand in glass bottles!) and made our way to the room. 3Wow! In-room safe (big enough for a laptop), nice flat panel TV, gorgeous bathroom (two sinks, my wife was thrilled), robes, and a small deck out back, with nice furniture. Not much of a view, except of surrounding buildings, but really nice for a warm summer evening. The bed was clean, and very comfortable - best nights sleep I have had in a hotel in a long time. We enjoyed a very nice continental breakfast (bagels, muffins, danish, toast, OJ). Nothing fancy, but this is one of the few hotels I looked at that gave you ANYTHING for breakfast. The Bar area and the lobby are very chic and sophisticated. Again, the staff at checkout were very nice, friendly and answered questions we had without making us feel rushed or as if we were imposing. The location is fantastic; steps away from Times Square, 5 minutes from Penn Station and MSG, 20 minutes walk to the village. Our only regret? We only stayed one night! I can't wait to go back and stay here, for a much longer stay. And the price just can't be beat. I cannot recommend this hotel highly enough. If for a future trip to NYC the Hotel 41 is booked up, I would consider changing the dates of my trip!

Worthy of its name We stayed here in early May and found the hotel living up to its palacial claim: It is one of the grand hotels of Europe. Its public spaces are among the finest examples of traditional elegance one is likely to encounter. Its location across from the Thyssen and very close to the Prado museums make it exceptionally convenient for tourists. Service was impeccable, with an appropriate mixture of formality and friendliness. I have noted that there has been some criticism of rooms amongst reviews of the hotel; we found our quarters attractive, in perfect condition, consistent with the rest of the hotel. We appreciated internet access through the television, as we had not carried a laptop with us. I should also note the excellent restaurant, Asia Gallery. We both loved it and count it as one of the finest dining experiences we have had recently. The breakfast buffet in the rotunda was top notch as well.

Charming Courtyard Hote Screen between bedchamber and living room at Sihe hotel

Good place to stay in Tokyo Stayed at the Dai'Ichi Hotel from July 31-August 3. The hotel was in a great location (one stop from Ginza on the subway, 10 minute walk to both Ginza and the Tsujuki Fish Market, and on the direct JR line to Narita airport), the rooms were well maintained and the staff were extremely friendly. Would definitely come back if I return to Tokyo.Requested an extra bed when booking and upon arrival the bed was already in the room. In three weeks of traveling through Asia, this was the only hotel where this happened. Didnt try breakfast or the restaurants, but there are plenty of stores, restaurants, and coffee shops in the neighborhood. There is a Tully's Coffee directly outside the hotel that was great for mornings.Staff were all very helpful and nice. The lobby area is very spacious and well maintained as well. Booked a great rate (for Tokyo at least) on Expedia, and recommend checking there before you book this hotel.

Great value in Hong Kong View from the room

Loved it we stayed for 5 nights in the swissotel sydney. It is a great hotel with a great location. Town hall station in a 5 minute walk, St James station is about 3 mins away. If there are two or more people it is probably cheaper to get a taxi from the airport. Our room was massive, modern and spotlessly clean.the only downside was having paid the hotel bill in full before our arrival, the reception proceeded to charge my credit card again. This was a major inconvience as we were at the end of our 3 week holiday and my credit card was near it's limit. The problem was eventually sorted after a few days but it prevented me from using my card during this time. Although helpful, I didn't even get an apology from the staff!

Decent but not fantastic I booked this Guesthouse (that would be a more accurate description than calling it a hotel) due to it at the time being ranked 10th most popular in London on Tripadvisor.It is ok and decent value I suppose but I chose this over what was described as a luxurious 4star because the 4star was ranked just over 300th most popular. I feel I may have made the wrong decision as the price difference was only about per night.It's in a good location approx 10 minutes walk from Victoria station. The rooms were cleaned everyday and the two men that run the place were very helpful and pleasant.The rooms are very very basic and the breakfast is also very basic. The satellite TV is 7 maybe 8 channels and if you have trouble getting up stairs this place is most definitely not for you.I wouldnt warn people to steer clear of the place but for a small amount of extra money you would probably get something much nicer.

You wont find a better combination in Amsterdam - location, amenities and value I have been traveling to Amsterdam for many years and have stayed at what I thought were the best hotels (Krasnapolsky, Grand Demure, Amstel, Victoria, Jolly, Golden Tulip, l'Europe, etc.). This past week I decided to go celebrate my 33rd birthday with a group of 20 friends from Puerto Rico, the U.S. and London and wanted to try a different hotel. I was looking for a decent place, at least four starts and centrally located, but that it would not cost me 1200 euros per room for just three nights (the trip was on me and I knew we would rarely use the room). Thus, I booked rooms at the Swissotel through bookings.nl at a pretty good price (498 euros for a standard room for three nights and 689 euros for the suites). When more people wanted to come to the trip and the hotel appeared to be sold out using the online travel sites they contacted the hotel directly and they gave them the same rate I got. I must mention that the attention and service via email while doing the reservations directly with the hotel was outstanding (thanks Ms. Schutte). Even the concierge emailed me giving suggestions for restaurants and answered most of my follow up questions. It sounded too good to be true so I kept some cancellable reservations at five star hotel where I had stayed many times before across the square just in case that we did not like the hotel. However, upon arrival, the service was as expected, they had most rooms ready for early check-in. The hotel is perfectly located in Dam Square, five meters from the tram stop! and the best thing is that you cant hear any noise in the rooms despite the location!!! The rooms were comfortable and had all the amenities customary of a four star hotel (what we are accustomed in the U.S.). The service, its worth repeating, was impeccable.Everyone had an amazing time and the hotel was one of the highlights. To anyone traveling to Amsterdam; solo, couples or as a group I think you will be pleased with the Swissotel.

A Gem of a Hotel Veneto, Italy: No longer a hidden gem. Absolutely MagnificentDate: May 2007Reviewer: Trip Advisor Member, Greenbrae, CaliforniaMatteo and Barbara, owners and their staff made us feel like family. Located 300 yards from the Rialto Bridge, which can be seen in full, directly on the Grand Canal with their own private boat dock and patio for breakfast and cocktails, this is the best location in all of Venice. Easily reached by water taxie or Vaporetto from Train station or Airport and return. Rooms are spacious, high ceilings, we had a king bed, bathrooms are large and modern. Breakfast can be a cold cerel, fruit, coffee, espresso, latte, juices, sweets, and eggs made to order or crepes.Sitting on the patio after a full day of sight-seeing sipping a cocktail and watching boats on the Grand Canal or people on the Rialto is very relaxing. Matteo is helpful is recommending Trattorias or restaurants for dinner. This is a 3 star now, but don't wait any longer, improvements are in the works, and a 4th star is more than likely in the future.The location is fabulous, walk outside the front door and your shopping, eating and exploring begin. Near St.Marks Square, Guggenheim Museum, Ghetto, Symphony, Vaporetto stops to everywhere, Al Ponte Antico is the Place to stay in Venice. Thank you Matteo. Paolo Sylvia

Service oriented and pleasant staff Nancy B. at the Fajardo Inn worked wonders for us and made our trip a delight.In my opinion Fajardo is a must see destination when visiting Puerto Rico. The reserve at Los Cabezas de San Juan which includes the Fajardo Lighthouse has the most spectacular views in all the island. However, you must make reservations to join the tour and this is where the difficulty comes in. Their reservations # will bring you around in voicemail circles with no way out. Nancy personally made our reservations for us. She also arranged a last minute tour of the Nearby Bio Bay after calling around (no simple thing as these tours are limited and usually sold out on the weekends in high season).The Inn itself is a bit funky and oddly furnished, but very reasonable and clean.Thank you Nancy!

First Class accommodations We missed our flight and needed to stay an extra night in NO. We picked the Omni because it is in the middle of the quarter and close to our friends appartment. Everything was perfect, we got a good price, professional and plesant staff and above average room.I have always wanted to eat dinner at the Rib Room, we settled for breakfast instead.

The RP is alright! I heard about the Royal Plaza through TripAdvisor and picked it as my hotel of choice when booking my vacation through Zuji. Arriving at the hotel, just walking across the wonderfully-designed lobby made me feel like royalty. Check-in was very efficient and I was in my room with my bags in under 10 minutes. The property is ideally located on Scotts Roads, running perpendicular to Orchard Road, the shopping mecca of Singapore. There are many outlets and restaurants in the area, so you won't ever run out of places to shop or eat. Carousel, the restaurant in the lobby, arguably has one of the best halal buffets ever (the Sultan of Brunei owns this hotel and the Hyatt across the road). As for rooms, I was booked into a Superior. The room was minimally appointed, but the bathroom was nice and the bed was comfortable. There was a strange stench in the mini-bar, which was due to spilled milk and coffee that had not been cleaned before my arrival. The desk chair was also very uncomfortable due to an uneven seat. When I entered the room, the toilet seat was loose, so I had maintenance fix that immediately.All in all, it is a comfortable hotel, but I'm just a little picky about the quality of the rooms I stay in. Highly recommended =)

Nice Hotel, rubish staff! My Girlfriend and I already knew first hand that this hotel was a bit of a distance from the centre of Amsterdam, we had stayed there before. Two years ago give or take a couple of months. We where impressed enough to return to the Artemis by the modern spacious design, the adequate fresh clean rooms and the excellent buffet style *FULL* cooked breakfast included in the price.On this first stay we had found one member of reception staff (who checked us in) to be quite unwelcoming almost to the point of being rudely abrupt. However, we never thought much of this and the rest of the stay was perfect. We stayed again this year (from the 1st Jan 08 in fact!). Whilst some aspects of the hotel where the same, the general appearance and well maintained quality feel of the room and the rest of hotel remained, other aspects had without a shadow of doubt, got worse. When we arrived at the hotel at around 9am, we intended to get a couple of hours sleep to top up the few hours we had managed to get before our early flight. We where told that the check in time (earliest) was 2pm. We looked, and this was indeed stated in small print on the reservation form. Whilst of course it was not the receptionists fault at all, and we where fine with coming back to check after 2pm, it was the way she dealt with us which concerned us. She was very unsympathetic and inhospitable towards us. We ourselves had to suggest simple things like leaving our luggage in the hotel until check in, and filling out our forms and necessary details in advance so she could have our room ready as quickly as possible when we returned after 2pm (we still intended to catch those couple of hours sleep before seeing some Amsterdam nightlife). When we returned at *5pm* to check in things got worse. We stood at the reception desk for *TEN MINUTES* looking at the*TWO* receptionists behind the desk and trying to make them engage with us or at least say that they would be with us in a minute or anything just to acknowledge that we where standing there waiting. They *BOTH* continued however to deal with a rich European woman who was also it seemed still waiting to check in. When we finally got seen to by the frosty female receptionist, we explained that we had already given our details and signed check in forms that morning. She left us waiting for a further 5 minutes before the guy asked us all the same questions. It turned out the girl earlier had messed up and had left the form lying around or something. When they eventually found the it, the guy said (after trying to charge us a further 100 for a deposit we had already paid) that we would have to wait to check in as system was He gave us 2 free drinks (one each lol) at the bar whilst (he said) he would fix the problem as soon as he could. Another 20 minutes past. We had long finished out tiny Artemis cocktails (he specified which drinks we could have!), so I suggested to him we WOULD be having another complimentary drink which he agreed to. When we eventually checked in the room was clean and fresh as was the bathroom to the credit of the cleaning staff. The other problem id' like to mention will no doubt seem very petty to some of you but let me explain. Remember, we had stayed here before and the things we liked about the hotel where why we returned for a second stay.The breakfast before had included hash browns, tomatoes, and a selection of eggs (not just scrambled).Worse still we where told at check in that the breakfast service would finish at 11am. We went down at about 10:15am to find that breakfast was (for a reason which nobody bothered to explain to us) finishing at 10:30am instead of 11am. Again the staff where very defensive about this and again not apologetic in the slightest! They where taking away trays of food whilst people where coming down to eat!!! The earlier time was the same for the whole stay.From reading other reviews it would seem that the rudeness of the staff at the Artemis is a problem for lots of people. A smile and polite hospitable attitude are expected from hotel staff the world over. It allot to ask for.(*pleas read*) What we are most upset about is that we missed pretty much a day of our stay in Amsterdam because when we finally checked at 6pm, we fell asleep and wake until the next morning as we where so tired. This is a nice Hotel but I give them any more of my money in the future.For a 4 star Hotel they lack allot of hospitality and simple etiquette.

Pretty good...I guess..... We booked this hotel through expedia for a July 2008 stay. Prior to booking early in the year, we checked tripadvisor to see how it stacked up. Back then it rated a little higher than it does now. I want to like it more than we did, but I guess it was the intangibles that left me feeling like we could have chosen a better place.Technically, there were no problems at all. We checked in quickly with no issues. But somehow this Sheraton left me feeling cold and empty. What was it? Maybe it was the little things.First, we had a little trouble finding the place - it is actually hidden off Kalakaua Avenue. Second, the number of guests in the entryway and lobby is staggering - we've never seen so many people at a single hotel. And what is it about that lobby? Took me several days to figure out that they must have replaced all their lighting fixtures with flourescent lights with a cold, bluish tint. Totally uninviting.Our ocean-front room was tiny, with no dresser and minimal furnishings. The bed, however, was excellent and very comfortable.There were 10 elevators and usually the wait was minimal.The beach area was just okay....with the Royal Hawaiian under complete renovation next door, the beach area felt confined. The sand was slightly rocky and rough on the feet. The pool is fine. Ourview of Diamond Head was great, and we watched sea turtles feeding right off the beach from our balcony every evening.They have live entertainment every night poolside, which might keep you up if you are still stuck on mainland time. Bring earplugs.This Sheraton is okay, but somehow we didn't love it, and it was not the highlight of our trip through the islands. Compared to the price of the Moana Surfrider, the Sheraton was definitely a bargain. But you might be happier at the Outrigger or the Hotel Renew.

Our best hotel experience in Hawaii Anyone who has been to Honolulu immediately understands what I mean when I say it is crowded and congested, very touristy, offering little in the way of tropical paradise often associated with Hawaii, and with too much traffic. My wife and I have spent some time there and concluded that we never need to spend any more time in this capitol city.One hotel has single-handedly changed our minds about Honolulu, and now we can't wait to return.We spent a couple of weeks on three Hawaiian islands in July 2008. We needed to get back to Honolulu for our last night so we could catch a 7 am flight back to the mainland, so after reviewing numerous accommodations on tripadvisor, I settled on the Outrigger Reef on the Beach (rated #16 at the time I booked). How I wish we had arranged for more than one night in this excellent hotel.First, let me say that, yes, there is major construction going on at this hotel. It was actually a little difficult to find, but once we located it, we were treated like royalty. The staff called us by name throughout our stay, and were courteous and very helpful. I can honestly say I have never encountered such as excellent staff at any hotel. They enthusiastically assisted with every request, and offered several good tips.We received a wonderful room upgrade and abolutely loved our room. Our balcony looked out on Diamond Head and the beach. The bathroom was nicely appointed and very spacious.The bell captain, a young man named Kawika, took us to our room and actually checked us in on our balcony. When I casually mentioned that our anniversary was the next day, he immediately sent up a complimentary bottle of champaign. Kawika, you are the best - thank you!The rooms have recently been updated with nice furnishings and comfortable beds. The rest of the hotel will be brought up to those standards later this year.The pool is beautifully tiled and is sandwiched between two towers, offering shade through much of the day. When we were there, Waikiki Beach was quite rocky directly outside this hotel, but that can change with the tide and the seasons. It might be fine now.The Outrigger had an excellent restaurant and shops inside. It is also extremely close to the US Army Museum of Hawaii, and across the street from Roy's Hawaiian Fusion restaurant, which provided us with our best meal on the islands.I simply cannot say enough positive things about this hotel. And it is the staff that makes it special. Once the construction ends, I expect this to be a top 10 or even top 5 Honolulu hotel on tripadvisor, and it deserves to be that high.We visited Hawaii with friends, who happened to stay at the Moana Surfrider. They were also upgraded to a suite when they checked in, but our room was better than theirs, with a better view. They visited us in our room, helped share our champaign, and were impressed with our accommodations. I can proudly say our experience at the Outrigger was better than theirs at the Surfrider.To the staff at the Outrigger Reef on the Beach, I want to say thank you. You have earned our affection and loyalty. We will return to visit for a longer stay as soon as we can.

Pretty good place to stay We stayed in three different hotels in the San Francisco area in July 2007, and the Holiday Inn Golden Gateway was probably the best of the three. Clean, large rooms, attentive staff, and a great location add up to make this place worthy of a return.The downside? Extremely crowded. Numerous tour groups from Germany and Netherlands were there. It seemed like tour buses were loading and unloading at the front door on a continuous basis.Other pluses: Just steps from the California Street cable car stop, and Muni buses are also available right on Van Ness. Good restaurants are a short walk away, including Mel's, Kyoto Sushi, and the excellent House of Prime Rib.The front desk staff was attentive and polite. The breakfast buffet was expensive, but moderately good. Excellent coffee.This Holiday Inn is a good value in a city of over-priced hotels. Well worth a stay.

Nice quiet accommodations The Orchard Hotel is a nice hotel just a couple of blocks from Union Square. As I write this review (8/3/07) it is rated the #1 hotel in all of San Francisco. That's probably a bit too generous...its probably not the best this great city has to offer, but it is definitely good and worthy of your consideration. And a pretty good value. We paid less than $200 a night.This is a small, clean, comfortable, and most importantly, a quiet hotel. It is very clean, and they also offer free WiFi, which some others in the city charge for. There is also a laptop in the lobby you can use for checking email, flight status, etc.The bathroom was great - larger than average with an elegant appearance. The room was probably larger than most hotel rooms in San Francisco, but not large by any definition. But it was comfortable. Our room had a lousy view of an alley, but then again, we didn't choose this place for its view. Our room location may have been a factor in the quietness.Also, the hotel is just steps from a Hyde St cable car stop, so you can get quickly to and from Fisherman's Wharf. Chinatown is 2 blocks down Bush St, Union Square is 2 blocks down Powell. Extremely convenient location.The staff was friendly and helpful, especially the doorman. We've stayed in 4 different hotels in San Fran, and The Orchard is the best we experienced.

Good location, very good value This hotel is typically available for about $80 a night and is well worth it. You can easily spend more elsewhere and get less. In fact, we couldn't come close to this price in Baton Rouge, which is interesting because there is far less to see and do there.The location is good, on Magazine Street about a block and a half off of Canal Street, easy walking distance to the French Quarter and Jackson Square. It's directly across the street from the New Orleans Board of Trade.Valet parking is $23 per night. The fitness room includes 2 treadmills, 1 recumbent bike, and 1 elliptical. The pool is tiny, really an oversized spa, but it is heated.The rooms are really nothing special, but perfectly adequate and reasonably comfortable. Remember this is a converted warehouse, so you wil see exposed wooden beams, pipes, and painted-over brick. We will definitely return to this hotel on our next visit, simply because of the value and the location.

Great Location, Free Internet Access! This hotel was located basically across the street from the train station in Florence which made it extremely convenient for us as we were arriving by train. We were pleasantly surprised by the hotel's updated decor (seemed to have been recently renovated) and the rooms were a clean, albeit a bit spartan. Our room was quite large and faced the side of the hotel, which made it extremely quiet. The room had air condition (thank goodness, since it was insanely hot outside), which I guess can be a rarity in the area. A few major positives for me were the free breakfast which was included as well as free Internet access (both wireless and workstations were provide) - we have stayed at quite a few hotels in Europe and Internet access is defintly hard to come by (especially free access), which made this big plus. All in all, a great hotel which was very conveniently located in the heart of Florence.

A taste of paradise The stay at Dreams Punta Cana was amazing. From the minute you arrive they make you feel welcome. The rooms are nice and comfortable. The pool is amazing and right in front of the beach. The staff is very friendly and amazing. They are very energetic with the activities they do throughout the day and at night. They are very friendly with the guests. Yudy was an entertainer and she was very nice and attentive as was the rest of the entertainers at the hotel. The only thing is the ride from the airport but don't let that discourage you because once you arrive you get that taste of paradise.

The Good And The Bad lobby

Brilliant ! Top class accomodation, great location, great rooms, just book iy, you won't be disappointed.

San Francisco's best kept secret! After hearing such rave reviews of the Laurel Inn from a fellow friend the Laurel Inn became the obvious choice when it came to visiting family in San Francisco. The hotel is a few miles from downtown, but the number one bus stops right in front of the hotel which makes an easy trip downtown or to the wharf. My room on the city side had a nice little kitchenette and a sweeping city view. The beds were really comfy and there was even a septate sitting area with a sofa in the room! The refrigerator came in handy after bringing home the leftovers from Osteria, a great Italian restaurant next store. There is always gourmet coffee in the lobby and a free continental breakfast every morning. This is a small hotel which is staffed 24 hours and all of the staff is very friendly and edger to help you with any of your travel needs. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone.

This is a great place to stay. Temple

Splendid airport hotel Very spacious rooms

Let's Get Real Here We just returned from a cruise in Hawaii and stayed at the Ocean Tower in Honolulu for two nights before our cruise left. Our choice was based almost entirely on the reviews we read here on Trip Advisor. The rave reviews we read here seemed almost too good to be true and you know what they say about something that sounds too good to be true. This hotel most certainly did NOT deserve all the 5.0 ratings it got here. Yes, the location is excellent, just a half block from the beach and shopping area and right next door to an ABC store. If I were rating this hotel based solely on location I would give it a 5. However, there is more to a hotel than location. The rooms were old and badly in need of refurbishment. For example, the wallpaper in our bathroom was peeling from the walls. Our ocean view room was small and dated, but the view was fantastic. Don't even factor the so-called continental breakfast into your decision on whether to stay here or not because you will almost certainly end up at the Starbucks about a block away. The breakfast consisted of coffee (no decaf), hot tea, juice, mass produced danishes and toast. I did not experience any of the legendary outstanding service spoken about so often in the Trip Advisor reviews. Yes, the staff was nice, but nothing outstanding. All in all we were OK with the choice we made, but mainly because we were leaving on a fabulous cruise in a couple of days. If I had booked this hotel for the entire vacation, I would have been very disappointed.

First Class Service at London Bridge Hotel This hotel is centrally placed for a numbet of attractions such as the Tower of London, Tower Bridge, HMS Belfast and City Hall. It is two minutes from London Bridge Station, and represents really good value for money. The hotel is modern and decorated to a high standard. The bedroom was a good size with a large and comfotable bed and had plenty of wardrobe and bathroom space. The staff were all very friendly, helpful and efficient. The breakfast room was very busy on both days that we stayed, but the staff were very quick to clear tables, find space for people to sit, keep the breakfast buffet topped up and bring tea, coffee etc. There was a good selection of food for breakfast and the cooking was good. It was a most enjoyable stay and I'd recommend this hotel to anyone.

Terrible service, room smelt of smoke I would never go back to this hotel. After 3 weeks of excellent hotels and service on the Sunshine Coast in Queensland we were dropped back down to earth when checking in. First of all, we booked 2 rooms as there were 4 of us, when checking in they had us down for 1 room, 2 double beds (1 being a settee). We argued and argued with different people until they agreed to put us in two separate rooms (no apology or anything). Then one of the 2 no smoking rooms we were given smelt of smoke. Not just smoke but fresh smoke. The carpets in both rooms were also stained and needed a good clean and the shower in 1 room was not working properly. It seems that with this hotel if you a business prerson they accomodate you, if you are on holiday you are just an inconvenience. To top it off, we wanted a taxi and when we asked it was as if it was a hassle to ring. The location is not too good either, right in the middle of chinatown. $8 for 1 hour of internet access is extortionate and everything that is in your room you have to pay for.I would never go back to this hotel.

A great Hotel right in the city center We stayed for one night at the Maria Elena and what a surprise for the price. The hotel is impeccable and certianly a 4 to 5 star hotel. Iit was a great deal. The location was right in the city center on a very quiet street. Staff were courteous and helpful. the buffet breakfast was 10 euros but worth the price. I would definitely stay here again and highly reccomend the hotel.

Will return again We just returned from a three night stay at the Aranea Hotel and would definitely return. The staff were very friendly and helpful. The room was clean and very good for the price. We were in a room that faced a wall when looking out the window but it was very quiet. Location was fine for us as we are walkers. We were within 15-20 mins of all the major sites. Highly reccomend a stay here. Oh, and the breakfast each day was great.

Already booked to come back!!! I returned to New Orleans after not having visited for nearly 8 years. Prior to my arrival I had flown from my home in Australia to London, New York and Chicago. In each of these locations I stayed in Sofitel Hotels all of which are rated very highly by Tripadvisor. From my perspective Le Pavillon was equal to or better than any of these Hotels. Absolutely everything exceeded my expectations. I had such a great time in this wonderful city and at Le Pavillon that I have just re-booked to return to the Hotel for the two weeks of Jazz Fest in 2008. The Hotel truly is the 'Belle of New Orleans'

Not so Bad Stayed one night mid-Feb. Booked room through lastminute so saved a lot. Requested and received room on 4th floor. At the back so overlooked the old walls but fine.Good bathroom.Quiet, certainly not bothered by the train noise. Superb location, didn't take B'fast so can't comment. My only criticism is that the aircon only works in the summer; during the winter months it's actually the heating system so the room was too hot! even when switched off. We opened the window but would imagine this might be a problem for rooms at the front because it is a very busy road. Good value if you get a special deal but not if you have to pay full price.

Great LOW BUDGET Resort I must justify my review (and title) by saying that my wife I have travelled extensively and usually stay at 5 star Riu resorts or Palaces.If this is the standard YOU are used to, this resort will disappoint you in many ways.This resort just changed hands from Sunscape to Globalia and you can tell Sunscape let it run down until they finally sold it off.In General, the grounds are clean and maintained. The building are showing their age, but you can see the attempts being made to do repairs.In one corner of the resort the Casino is STILL being built, and on the other side of the resort another building for more rooms is being finished. You will NOT escape the sound of saws or hammering, but you can keep it to a minimum with the right rooms.Courtyard rooms are best if you don't want the noise from the 24 hour restaurant bar during the night, and closer to the beach keeps you away from the construction. As mentioned by another reviewer the 3rd floor has very high ceilings and makes the room look larger. Thank to that review, our request made the holiday tolerable.Food was take a chance. In the Italian restaurant we found quality and service acceptable on the Tuesday, however on the Friday the service was hurried. Seafood soup was the vegetable soup with a couple shrimp thrown in. My lucky wife even had a centipede swim to the surface and bob around before swimming to the edge to climb onto the bowl rim and check out the room. The waiter called the manager who calmly took the soup away with out saying a word and disappeared. Guess its normal for them, but I prefer my soup to stay in the bowl. The angel hair pasta was normal spaghetti and the Ceasar Salad was made with greenberg lettuce even though the menu stated romaine.All is not lost though. Windows (the main buffet) offers a reasonable selection and there is something for everyones taste. Do not expect 5 star quality. Expect the same quality you would get at a company barbeque at a local park.Chairs were plentiful. Some people are saving chairs by leaving their towels and going off to eat or sleep. I usually gave 30 minutes grace, if they didn't return the chair was available. But staff would bring out more chairs if asked.Bar service was good. The people make the difference.They make em weak, they make em strong, they make em however you want, just ask.My complaint would be the absence of the International brand drinks as advertised. I could find no Canadian or American brands at any of the bars (and I asked). Maybe the International Brands are from Spain.English is the THIRD language here. The Entertainment manager is Spanish as is the General Manager and the country is primarily Spanish. Most announcemnets are in Spanish first and if they remember, English. Most of the maids, maintenance, waiters, and some of the bartenders do NOT speak english. I can see why Americans do not come here.One final item about food. It is billed as 24 hour, yet between 10 11 pm and 10:30 11 am none of the eateries are open.Pools are great, as is beach and most of the activities crew will keep you entertained.If you want a LOW BUDGET resort with all the trimmings this will be great for you. If you are used to 5 star resorts, you will be disappointed. The country cannot be used as an excuse, since we have stayed down the beach at the Riu as well.

it"s the hotel , it's also the people manning it !!! view of main foyer/reception area

This Beacon Doesn't Shine Some problems with the stay that really bring this score down:- NO Parking, no recommendations, no help. Wound up parking at the nearest garage at $50 per day.- Pulled up and had to get a luggage cart myself, unload luggage, get it in the building, up the elevator (more on that later) and to the room, get the cart back down and get the car moved from the temp parking out front.- Absolutely no help from staff. The desk told me to move my car quickly at check-in, or it would be ticketed. There is no bellman, the concierge is a joke and you have to pay $5 per half hour for the internet.- Only two elevators were in service, so getting up from the lobby wasn't bad, but by the second day of our stay, we quit trying to wait to go down and just walked the 16 flights with the kids and stroller.- The rooms were fine, if a little on the stale side.- The Upper West Side location is convenient.I would not stay at this hotel again.I would recommend it for school trips and the like.

Miserable Service My wife and I traveled to Boston to help our son get settled prior to starting his graduate program at Harvard, and we stayed at the Doubletree Guest Suites from July 21 through 25. We selected this property because of its relative proximity to Harvard taking into consideration what other posters on this site have cited about its isolation. We thought that the shuttle to/from Harvard Square would offset this disadvantage. Certainly one of the assets is its view of the Charles River. Ours was a bi-level suite on the top floor facing the river. We never tired of watching the sculls glide past. This positive, however, could not possibly overcome the host of negatives we encountered with service.It began the moment we arrived with the frosty reception at the front desk. We should have known what was to come when we were greeted more as interlopers than guests. Other dealings with the front desk during our stay were equally borderline rude.Our breakfasts, though, are the source of the biggest horror stories. The restaurant staff enjoys engaging guests, that is, if you consider arguing a form of engagement. The first morning I went to the buffet to order an omelet. After looking at the list of possible ingredients I request a spinach omelet. The cook says he make one. I point to the list and tell him that it says he can. He argues that wrong so I walk away sans omelet. Day 2 arrives and I know omelets are a lost cause so I decide they mess up cereal. I go to the buffet for a box of cereal, but there are no bowls. The hostess is the only staffer I can find so I inform her of my need. She tells me the bowls are on the left-hand side of the buffet. I explain where I looked, and there are no bowls there. She counters that I did not look hard enough. In a stern tone I said I need a bowl. With a scowl she goes into the back returning with six bowls. What was priceless was her look of utter surprise when she got to the buffet and realized there actually were no bowls.One other thing about breakfast, expect to get more than one cup of coffee. On Day 1 we were promptly poured a cup when we sat down for breakfast. When we got up from the table 30 minutes later that was still the only cup of coffee we received. Day 2 was even more galling. We had the same waiter as Day 1 (short guy with white hair) so our expectations were tempered when we sat down and got our first cup. After 30 minutes the waiter comes up to our table with a pot, peers down at our empty cups then turns on his heels walking away with the pot. What happened on Day 3? We took a cab to Cambridge for breakfast. Apparently the acute coffee shortage has not struck there allowing us to enjoy several refills.There were other missteps in service, such as the ridiculous shuttle service to Harvard Square, that made this hotel an expensively miserable experience.

City perfection Been to HK a number of times and stayed over at the Peninsula, original Mandarin Oriental and LKF. Have to say that the Landmark Mandarin Oriental beats them all. Location is second to none...right in the heart of Central, so perfect for shops, restaurants and bars.The service was exceptional and the staff went to extremes to ensure that all of my requests were fulfilled. Needless to say the concierge arranged tables at the last minute at all of HK's best restaurants, without any problem.I booked and L600, which whilst I didn't actually use it, had the largest bathtub I've seen in a hotel. The room was a really good size (for Hong Kong) and the spa, without question one of the best urban spas in the world!Superb stay....will definitely return!

Unique and great value I stayed in the Gladstone this June for 7 nights. Its a great hotel and represents great value in a really interesting area of the city. The Drake hotel is 200 yards up the road, double the price and has half the character...although very smart. Our room was small but adequate and well kept. The downstairs cafe serves great food, and while we were there there was live music and comedy every single night. The staff were very helpful and friendly and i'd definitely recommend the hotel for future stays. The Gladstone would particularly suit young couples looking for some culture, good food and music at a reasonable price.

Good value, and not too far from anywhere This was the 2nd time i've stayed at the Open which says a lot. The location is slightly out of the mix of the main tourist sites being situated near Rockefort metro stop, but you can walk there in 10 minutes or get a tube. Its pretty quiet, the rooms are modern and clean, the staff are friendly and helpful and it didn't cost too much cash either. Only piece of advice is on car parking....the entrance is so hard to see and you need to have checked in before you can get in, so have a plan of where to park up to check-in beforehand. If you've got a car wiith you, the location actually works more.....you can get onto the Grand Via simply by turning right out the car park and going 3-4 blocks down. From there you can get anywhere East or West of the city.

Beautifully quaint hotel with exceptionally friendly staff Booked this trip as a romantic getaway for the last weekend before Christmas and thoroughly enjoyed the whole experience. Arrival at the hotel was slightly later than intended due to a 1.5 hour delay on the Eurostar and a long wait for a taxi at Gare du Nord but the welcome was extremely warm on arrival. Lift up to our room could only be described as cosy but it served it's purpose none the less. Room was beautifully and tastefully decorated and exactly what I hoped for when I initially booked the trip. Breakfast the next morning was adequate enough for us to fill up on before our exploration of the city - comprised of various pastries, cold meats cheeses. The reception staff were extremely helpful throughout and spoke perfect English....which was very handy as my attempt at broken French was struggling to say the least!!! Didn't use the Metro but there is a stop about 100 yards away. A walk down to Champs Elysee took around 20 minutes.

Really Like This Hotel We really do like this hotel. We stayed here for 3 days in May 2005, for 3 days again in May 2006, and for 3 days in June 2006. We wouldn't keep coming back if we didn't love Barcelona and this hotel. The exterior of the building is old, but the interior is all new. We have had 3 different rooms: two were small by American standards but average or better by European standards, each with a queen-sized bed. The third room was large by European standards with 2 twin beds. In each case, the bathrooms were larger than average, and adequate for 2 people to operate in at the same time. The rooms are very nicely appointed: all tile in baths, wood floors and furniture in bedrooms. Beds are very comfortable; I like a very firm bed, my wife likes a soft bed, we sleep on the same bed in this hotel and neither of us complains. The location is exceptional: in the Barri Gotic, 3 blocks to Placa Catalunya, 2 blocks to the Ramblas, on a narrow quiet street. If you have wheeled luggage, you can easily walk from the Aerobus stop at Placa Catalunya to the hotel (5 minutes, maybe). We have only eaten breakfast there once; the buffet was large with lots of variety and very tasty, although perhaps a bit pricey (13 euros per person). We have paid varying rates for different days, but the rates run approximately 125-150 euros per night--not a bargain, but good value for the money. The front desk staff is helpful, housekeeping is excellent. When we return to Barcelona, this will be our first choice among hotels.

Great Hotel This might be the most luxurious hotel we've stayed at in a long time, and especially at the price. We spent 4 nights here in May. Previous reviews commented on street noise on lower floors. Based on these reviews, we sprang for the extra cost for a room with a terrace in order to ensure we were on a higher floor. When we checked in, no rooms with a terrace were available. The front desk agent (Lorenzo, I believe, who was especially cordial and helpful, but all the desk staff were excellent) gave us a large corner room and assured us we would be moved the next night and the first night rate adjusted accordingly. The corner room was on the second floor overlooking the Gran Via, which is a very busy street, While the street noise did not keep us awake, it was definitely there. The room was exceptionally nicely appointed with a large and equally nicely appointed bath. The next morning, we were told to pack our belongings and leave them on the bed and everything would be moved when we returned. We did so, and we came back in the afternoon we had been moved to a two-room suite on the 8th floor with a large terrace overlooking the Gran Via. This seemed to be the top-of-the-line accommodation in the hotel. We were offered this in lieu of an adjustment in the first night's room rate and we were happy to accept. The view up the Gran Via was spectacular. The hotel's location is excellent: a few minutes walk to Puerta del Sol and a few minutes more to Plaza Mayor, about a 20 minute walk to the Prado or, in the opposite direction to the Palacio Real. The Gran Via metro stop is at the front door. While we used a taxi (expensive--34 euros from Barajas) when we arrived, when we left, we used the metro to Atocha station with no problems even maneuvering smallish rolled suitcases down the steps to the metro station (larger cases or those that don't roll might be a problem). There are two negatives about the location. First, there is street noise if you are on the front of the hotel or on the Gran Via on a lower floor; I'd advise asking for a room on a higher floor or overlooking the narrow side street opposite the Gran Via. Second, as other reviewers have pointed out, the red light district is on the side street just below the hotel. However, from the other reviews, I did not realize this meant the main street between the hotel and Puerta del Sol which is the heart of centro Madrid. This street is a bit unsavory, lined with hostals, tattoo parlors and piercing emporiums, and prostitutes. However, it is also thick with police (among the things that stand out about Madrid are the presence of police everywhere and the presence of street cleaners everywhere at all hours--I felt safer and cleaner in Madrid than almost anywhere else I've been). We didn't hesitate to use this street to get to Sol and back, but if the unsavoriness bothers you, there are several alternative routes that are only slightly longer and more circuitous. Included in the room rate (125-150 euros per night) was breakfast which turned out to be a full breakfast, anything you wanted including eggs cooked to order, which I thought was a great deal. This would absolutely be my first choice for a hotel should I return to Madrid.

Nice Stay Spent Labor Day weekend at Cambridge Suites in Toronto. Decent but not spectacular price, but an excellent accommodation. The location was convenient for everything we wanted to do in downtown Toronto. We were able to walk everywhere, even though the wife had a broken foot in an immobilizing boot (but she's a trooper). We liked the extra room provided by a small suite. It was clean, comfortable, and quiet. Parking was on-site. We did not use public transport, but it was nearby. There was also an excellent and inexpensive breakfast restaurant across the street in the next block.

Very Satisfied We stayed two nights in a deluxe room (7th floor at the corner of Olive and 4th). The rate was competitive with other downtown hotels that were highly rated on this site, and I was unable to find a better rate on Hotwire for a hotel of the same class. The room was large with an excellent bed and a comfortable sitting area, adequate closet and drawer space, nicely decorated and appointed. The bathroom was small (no vanity) and I had some difficulty maintaining constant water temperature in the shower. There was some noise from the hallway but muffled, not loud enough to disturb the peace except doors slamming in the morning. The staff was uniformly friendly and helpful (parking valets who offered to take care of luggage if we wanted, front desk staff, and especially concierge). The location is excellent, especially close to shopping, a few blocks walk to Pike Place Market and the waterfront, about a 15-20 minute walk to Pioneer Square. Were I to return to Seattle, I would return to the Mayflower Park unless an equivalent hotel offered a substantially better price.

Excellent Value Stayed one night prior to flying back to the States. Location is excellent for access to the airport--walking distance if you wish. Rooms are small, but clean and comfortable. We had two adult parents and one adult child. Restaurant was satisfactory. And the hotel price was an excellent value, better than we are accustomed to in the U.S. Not luxury, but a cut above a basic hotel.

Excellent Hotel Excellent small hotel. Large rooms, large bathroom, very clean, very comfortable. The room and bathroom are just as they appear in the TripAdvisor traveler pictures. The location is also excellent--two blocks north of Union Square, about halfway up Nob Hill. We used BART from the airport to Powell Street and walked 6-8 blocks to the hotel with small rolling cases (the last block is a bit of a climb). On departure with a 6 am flight, the hotel booked a car to the airport for us. All positives, no negatives about the Orchard, and we got a terrific deal through hotels.com.

Excellent Value This was a cut above a basic hotel. Small rooms, but clean and comfortable for two adults. Location was very convenient--walk to the Hauptbahnhof, walk or take a tram to Frierichstrasse and the Brandenburg Gate, convenient to a laundry where we washed clothes (a tram ride away). And the price was exceptional, lower than we would expect to pay in the U.S. In fact, we found in general that hotels in Germany were better priced than their U.S. counterparts, and definitely the least expensive places to stay in Europe.

This hotel is some kind of joke? Maybe not A 5 star? certainly 5 star price even with a discount but for this kind of money I want more than this, and know I can, and have got more from 3 stars.The gym is dire, decrepit, and moribund! No pool, no sauna, no anything.Not very likely to return.

A good normal average airport hotel. It is very clean, the rooms are good, and it seems very well managed, but its German so that is no surprise!The food is excellent both the evening variety which is basic pub-grub taken in the bar and breakfast which is exceptional in choice and value!Can I complain about anything then?Yes the advertised gym is rubbish, and of the two saunas on site one was broken and locked up, while the other was heated to 40 degrees, useless in the extreme.Other than that it was fine.

Fabulous! I wrote last week about all Holiday Inn Express being the same except for staff, which is true.This is a gem, lovely people and good food.Very clean, well managed hotel.The big thing for me, although it may sound daft, was to arrive later than planned, drained of all energy and knowing the hotel did not have a restaurant and I faced marching off into the German night to find something. Imagine my delight when I discovered they did Pizzas at the bar, and very big ones at very good, like prices.I loved it!

Totally Impressed with Sofitel Having read previous reviews before booking this hotel, we were not disappointed and it exceeded all our expectations. Without a doubt, Sofitel is the best hotel we have ever stayed in. Knowing how New York hotel rooms are often described as small, these hotel bedrooms are big even by UK standards. Great location, great hotel, helpful and friendly staff - can't wait to go back. If you get the opportunity and are visiting November or December, the Radio City Christmas Spectacular is not to be missed. An outstanding show, unique to New York. If you want to really splash out, a visit to Tavern On The Green in Central Park is a real experience. Quite pricey but an exceptional restaurant, especially at Christmas time when the decorations are unbelievable.

Great value for money hotel Our first trip to Barcelona and we weren't disappointed, especially with this hotel. It may only be a 3* but probably deserves a higher rating because of the high standard of decor and cleanliness. The fact it was a totally non-smoking property adds to the freshness and comfort of the hotel. Buffet breakfast was more than adequate and gives you a good start to the day. Metro being close by saved the 15 minute walk to and from Las Ramblas. We definitely would stay here again.

Can't beat it for the price.. My wife and I just returned from Japan. The last time we were there, about 10 years ago, we stayed at The Asia Center and decided to stay there again after a good experience. We spent three nights there this time before heading to the west coast. It has more rooms now and we stayed in the new section. We had a room with a double bed and it was fine. Yes, small by U.S. standards but what I've come to expect in lower cost hotels in Japan.The staff were great and most helpful. The front desk folks were good at speaking English though my wife is Japanese and that certainly helped. The place is clean and the halls only had a slight smell of smoke which didn't bother either of us. We found the breakfast most convient and reasonable considering we were in a pricey area of Tokyo. The area is great and the subway most convenient. One item to note is that many subways do not have escalators or elevators so travelers that tend to pack heavy, like us, will lug big suitcases up a lot of steps if arriving/departing from the hotel by the subway as we do. My suggestion is to resist the urge to pack heavy and take advantage of the washers and dryers at the hotel. Your back will thank you for a lighter suitcase!Not much else to say except this is now our hotel of choice in Tokyo. We aren't budget travellers per se but do recognize a good deal and this is one of them. Since all we do is basically sleep in the hotel the money we save is better spent on excellent sushi/sashimi, sake and shopping.

Better than I originally thought.. Stayed for 4 nites at this property and initial thoughts going in was that this is going to be a dump. Once I checked in, I started having some good vibes. The front desk staff was friendly and accomodating the entire time I was there. The rooms have been recently renovated but they were a little small. There is a small bar on premise and it isn't cheap either. A premium vodka and tonic set me back $8.00 Kinda high considering the bar isn't anything fantastic and this wasn't even a super premium vodka. The breakfast buffett wasn't bad and I enjoyed that. Didn't try room service or ate at any other times in the restaurant. One of the things I did enjoy was free parking and it was quick getting from your car to your room. I'm so used to having to pay daily parking garage fees. The room probably had about 30 or so cable channels so that wasn't bad. Another positive is the close proximity to uptown, victory park, west end, love field, etc.. Although the immediate surrounding is kinda dumpy, it doesn't take long to get anywhere.

Could have felt safer.. Me and a friend of mine stayed in this hotel during July 07 and it isn't as bad as some make out.When we told the receptionist that we had reservation, she offered an apartment for free, so we accepted. The apartment was a 2 minute walk round the corner and was like some sort of youth hostel, so we asked for a room back in the hotel and they did it, but there was a couple there whose luggage was robbed whilst they were waiting to check in.We used the free safes in the room to prevent any theft and the hotel was clean and comfortable and quite central.I can see why some people have had bad experiences though.

Brilliant location It would have been a perfect stay in Barcelona exept that the hotel swimming pool was actually closed whilst we were staying there. Everything else about the hotel was great though.Location was fab, with a tube stop right outside the hotel, and within walking distance to the waterfront and shopping areas.Room was fairly large with a super-comfy bed. Bathroom was great too - loved the fact that the radio was tuned in so you could have a relaxing bath! Room was also spotlessly cleaned every day.Overall a great stay for our 5 day trip.

Reasonable but nothing special. My wife and I stayed at the Adriatico for five nights in early April. We flew into Pisa airport and travelled by bus from the airport to Florence. The bus drop off, by Florence rail station, was a fairly easy walk of about a six or seven minutes from the hotel. Not particularly impressed at first. The road was pleasantly busy with lots of bustle and noise, cafes, small shops, car hire places, groups at tables on the pavement, etc......... and then someone tried unsuccessfully to pick my pocket as we towed our cases along the pavement outside the hotel's main entrance - which happened to be closed off because of building work. However, nothing too disastrous, could happen anywhere we thought as we wandered round to the back entrance. Reception staff in particular and others were charming both on arrival and throughout the week. The breakfasts were good with plenty of variety, nice lounge area, bar (but watch the prices of drinks), bedroom and bathroom very clean and modern, comfortable beds, internet access available, flat screen TV, tea and coffee maker in room (we had to ask though) and a reasonable view across the roof tops towards San Lorenzo, Fiesolo and the hills.There were several very acceptable places to eat nearby (Il Profeta was good and convenient), the Arno was about two minutes walk and the main sites were ten to fifteen minutes easy walk away.For a superior double the room was bit small... even for Italy. We looked at another superior double on the next floor but it was about the same. The one big problem was that the air conditioning couldn't be adjusted as the hotel told us it was all centrally controlled. So we had to put up with a very warm room or open the window at night to let some air in - but that meant that the noise from the bars and traffic was a bit too much .... we tended to have the heat rather than the noise.Apart from the air conditioning problem which presumably was just a temporary problem for the time we were there(?), the Adriatico was a reasonable place to stay but it didn't have anything particularly special about it. Probably a bit cheaper (booked through last minute.com) than some of the equivalent more centrally located four star hotels. However, for us, it seemed a bit too much part of a chain for conferences/business groups in a not too wonderful situation. The restaurant was closed for most of the week we were there and the builders at the front were still there when we left. Again ....nothing disastrous but if I was going back to Florence I would probably try somewhere else.

Good hotel, great location. Good price on a discount hotel website and great location make this hotel a winner. The room was nicely decorated and comfortable. The bathroom was a bit small and dated, but clean and bright. Hotel staff was helpful when we needed them, and check-in and out was a breeze.

Good Cheap Base If you are looking for a good budget hotel to stay in in San Fran then this is the place for you. Nothing special about the hotel and on 1st impressions it looks a bit down trodden from the outside but then for the price you pay you can't expect too much. The rooms were clean, comfortable, well equippped and spacious and the hotels location was perfect for us. The bed was big and comfortable and the shower hot and powerful. Only 1 block away from Polk Ave where most of the bars and restaurants are, 15 minutes walk to Fishermans Wharf, 20 minutes walk from Union Square for shopping. The hotel is located on Van Ness Ave, the main route in and out of San Fran so its easy to find and has good access to all the other major roues so it's easy to navigate around the city.I'd read reports about it being a dodgy area but I never felt unsafe at all. You get bums on every street but most look too weak to bother you, the others try and make you laugh for some change. The worst place we saw was probably around the Hilton on Union Square.Minor complaints were the rooms were a little noisy due to people checking out at stupid hours and traffic noise but you'll get that at almost every hotel in the city unless you're on higher floors. Parking was a little tight but we got our full size rental car in and out every day ok, just get someone to guide you, and the TV looked like it belonged in the 80's and had no remote control but thats just being picky.San Fran was an expensive city to stay in overall but if you look around you can find cheap places to eat and drink. Avoid Peter D's on the hotel premises, expensive and you don't get a lot for it, The Star of India buffet around the corner on Polk and Joes Crab Shack on Fishermans Wharf gave good food at decent prices as did the numerous small Chinese Restaurants around the city.If I were to go back I definately consider staying at this hotel again.

Location, location, location Just spent 4 gloriously hot days in the Dutch capital - hot weatherwise, that is (26C) - nothing to do with the Red Light District ;)Arrived at 11pm, after a stress-free journey from the airport to CENTRAAL STATION (train platform located right under Schipol - 1 way ticket to Amsterdam cost THEN got conned by a Turkish taxi driver outside Centraal, who charged us more because of ramps en-route to the hotel. Charged us a staggering 25Euros for a 5 mins journey. Compare that to 12Euros for a hotel ride back to Centraal for our journey home (booked via hotel). You have been warned...Courteous English-speaking staff at reception. Tidy, spacious en-suite room, with TV and coffee making facilities (a rarity for Amsterdam hotels apparently). On my first morning, found out that the shower head was broken and leaking everywhere. Uh, oh, here we go I thought. After noting the problem to reception staff, it was fixed by the time I returned at midday. Breakfast was fine - the usual croissants, rolls, cheese, hams, boil-your-own-egg, toast-your-own-bread, juices, tea, coffee.Fantastic location for hopping on Tram no. 1, 2 or 5 (PRINSENGRACHT) to Dam Square - tram stops right opposite hotel. The only downside was tram noises from 6AM - 12AM daily.Fantastic location also for nightlife. The cafe bars and restaurants of LEIDSEPLEIN was 2 mins by foot from hotel. Spoilt for choice, with abudance of Italian / Chinese/ Indonesian/ Indian/ Greek / Mexican eateries. Macdonalds and Burger King also, if you must. Perfect spot to people-watch and chill out with local Amstel or Heineken beer. Again, the ONLY downside with this location was the street noise from partying passers-by heading home to bed at 4AM.Great location for the museum quarter, with RIJKSMUSEUM (handy for those of you who want to see Rembrandt in a hurry) and VAN GOGH MUSEUM 5 mins walking distance. Went for a stroll to litter-strewn VONDELPARK as well - which was dissappointing to say the least. Even the lakes was like a rubbish tip. Litter was a problem at DAM SQUARE as well - had the city's binmen gone on strike?? I'm surprised Queen Beatrix hadn't complained from her nearby PALEIS...All in all, a hot, hectic couple of days in a fun-filled city. Head off the beaten (cobbled) tracks, to the quieter canalside streets for an oasis of calm.One final tip? Pack a good pair of trainers/shoes, and BEWARE THE CYCLISTS! Their right of way rules!

Great Hotel I loved this Hotel. It's location downtown San Francisco is superb. I loved the open air pool, the room alongside, and the excellent facilities. The staff were particularly pleasant, attentive and helpful. The service was very effecient. The restaurant attached was also superb. I have no hesitation in reccommending The Handlery.

2 Star Hotel with a 5 Star Facade The Pan Pacific is a hotel that looks 4 star, but provided me with 2 star quality service, at very high prices. I suggest you sort the reviews by Lowest First if you want an honest look at this Hotels Reviews. During check in, the man at the counter actually tries to barter with me. He begins a whole act right in front of me, telling me that I had reserved a smaller, cheaper Twin room, for the same $200 rate. I disputed this, and he tells me that I am mistaken. He takes it a step further and lies to me, saying there are no King rooms available anyways. Then an awkward silence, conveying that his decision was final. Astonished by this, and fully aware of what he was doing, I pulled out my reservation and showed it to him. King room with a view. Visibly annoyed he mysteriously finds me my King room with a view 10 seconds later. Not to be deterred, he then tries to upsell me. Sir, for $90 more per day, you can have free internet and breakfast. I replied I am already paying $200 a night for this room. You basically just lied to me about my reservation so I'd take a cheaper room at the same cost. Internet should be free, and I dont eat $90 worth of breakfast every day. He continued to try and persuade me. He would not take no for an answer. It was very uncomfortable and awkward for me. I felt like I was in a flea market trying to haggle for a bead necklace with a hippie. Then something surreal happened. He actually has the audacity to inform me - like its the first time he's said it - that he is giving me a Twin room. I started laughing. Seriously? He actually was hoping I had forgotten?? Unfortunately, this theme continued throughout my stay. The light bulb was out in my bathroom. The grout along the tiles was messy, and smeared. The toilet doesn't flush unless you pump it a few times. When I turned on the sink water, the handle moaned as if it were old metal. The magnet holding the door open doesn't work, so I watched the bellhop try 5 times to make it stick, unsuccessfully. Internet is $30 per day. Absolutely ridiculous. If you go up to the Business Center they actually charge $7.50 for 15 minutes of internet use. I mentioned this to a group of Indian fellows in Little India at an internet cafe, and they responded with roaring laughter. Laundry service here is $10 per shirt. Yes, per shirt. That works out to about $200 USD for an average load of laundry. I opted for their outside laundry service, paid $45 for one load (ugh) and my clothes came back wet. I couldn't make this stuff up, folks...On a Sunday night, I walked outside to get a cab and get some dinner. I ended up standing there for 40 minutes. Yes.... 40 minutes ... in a line with 30 other people, and it was 97 degrees outside. Fully drenched in sweat, I went back in to the hotel to the concierge and said Are you aware that there are 30 people standing in line for a taxi outside? He apologized and started calling to have taxi's come by. I should point out there were six employees standing out there with us the whole time, doing absolutely nothing. The day I checked out, I had overslept and was late for my flight. I conveyed this to the concierge and meekly asked for a taxi as soon as possible. As I stood outside, I watched the hotel staff fill up 6 metered taxis with people from the Taxi line, while I stood there, without a ride. Turns out they had called the more expensive taxi, which I did not want or need. It costs twice as much, and took 10 minutes longer to arrive. Great idea guys! Make that money!!! To top off this already disappointing stay, the more expensive, late taxi driver dropped me off at the wrong terminal. He knew what airline I was taking, yet despite the mercedes and double-fee, he apparently didn't know his job well enough. Remember, I was late for my flight. He takes off, and I had to pay another taxi driver to take me where I needed to go.There are a lot of exceptionally shining 5 star reviews on this hotel, here on TripAdvisor. To the tune of literally hundreds. Way more than one might think is normal. Way more than the other hotels in the same area of Singapore, even right next door. Its interesting to see that the hotel's PR firm heavily involved in responding to reviews here, too. That is something I don't normally see. I can promise that this review was written by a real traveler.

Rip-off Central Simply put, they rip you off, bad. Parking is $22.50 per day, for hotel guests. Visitors pay $84 per day. A Cheeseburger and Coke costs $35. To work out once, costs $14. Internet costs $10 an hour. Wetbar is empty. Breakfast not included. Enjoy!The parking fee's alone justify a 1 star review. The arrogance required for the hotel staff to have sat down at some point... and agreed that its okay to charge visitors $84 per day... and hotel guests $22 per day... tells me that they are intentionally taking advantage. Parking isn't the only problem...The $22 cheeseburger is met with an additional 17% service fee. On top of that they charge a $6.00 .... per person.... cover charge. On top of that they charge sales tax. By the time they were done, my cheeseburger with coke cost $35.00. Thank goodness I hid my girlfriend under the bed. My burger would have cost $41. Oh wait, it did cost $41... because I tipped the lady. Because she told me the hotel, in its infinite greed, does not give them the 17% service fee. Its part of the whopping $7.00 per hour they pay her. At age 45. Nice.There are no complimentary water bottles in the room. There's a wetbar (and mini fridge) but its completely empty. If you have a rental car, they force you to park in their parking garage at $22 a day. There is nowhere else to park. They have a fitness center, but they charge you $14 per visit to use it. There is nowhere else to work out. They have internet through the television, but it costs $10 an hour. They have no Wifi. Haha!The room does not come with breakfast. Nothing is included. The cheeseburger took over an hour to make. The delivery person told me they have 3,000 rooms and only one small kitchen. She said they once charged a room of 10 people an additional $60 cover charge for their food. The elevator roars like its about to fall apart. The door on the inside is a dark, stale, rusting steel sheet. The beds are amazing. You will sleep like a baby, but only if you aren't under anyone else. Three kids in the room above, jumping up and down kept me awake. Front desk staff acted annoyed, as other reviews here reveal. Changed rooms and ended up with a sliding glass door that creeked every time the wind blew. Four star hotel? Slept with the door open to avoid its movement and noise due to the wind. On its own merits, this hotel might warrant a 3 star rating. However, the crappy elevators, the rickety sliding doors, and the thin floors all show a general lack of attention to detail. A lack of attention that the hotel has no excuse for, given the outlandish fee's they charge for everything. If this place were plated in gold, I would give it a 3 star review despite all the extra charges. But... it's not.

Shockingly Basic The Spectacularly Beautiful View from my room!

Important Info before Staying Here Okay there are always tips and hints and tricks with every hotel which you don't find out until you're staying there. Here are some lessons learned:1) Make sure you reserve a Guaranteed Rate room. This not only means you are guaranteed the rate, but it also guarantee's the room. If you do not select this TYPE of room you may show up and be told the hotel is full and you have no room. Be aware of this. I unfortunatley had to watch an incredibly patient businessman calmly argue for a room and get denied because he was unaware of this little twist. He had booked 3 months in advance. So get the right type of room. Its usually $10 to $15 more. Not much. 2) They have two buildings now. One is the main building you walk in with the beautiful lobby. The other is a building you walk to by going outside in the back alley (very safe). Rooms in the main hotel are carpeted and quiet. Very nice. Rooms in the other building are hardwood floor and also very nice, but potential for more noise depending on your neighbors above. 3) They have a notice up as of Christmas 2007 that they are planning to replace all TV's with widescreen flat panels soon.4) My little old african american cleaning lady had the face of an angel, and a smile that would melt your heart, and I immediately took to her. Until I got to Prague a week later and realized my $100 brand new leather shoes were not packed in my suitcase where I had left them. I will not make any accusations, but lets just say the hotel has not contacted me to inform me that I left them behind. Also my $150 in-ear headphones are missing. Use the safe, or put a lock on your suitcase. And no, it doesn't matter that she was african american, except in the sense that she reminded me of the kindest old lady I once knew, who also was. 5) Room service was a disappointment The first meal I had was spaghetti and they didn't bother to include anything they were supposed to. I ended up paying $18 Euros (thats $26 us dollars) for a very small plate of spaghetti. No bread. No salad. Nothing. And $5 Euros more for something to drink (Thats $6.00). A tiny old fashioned coke bottle that was empty in 3 gulps. I was disappointed with this. Crazy expensive and poor food service. The next day I ordered the same spaghetti (I was starving and working in the room), and the same exact meal showed up with side salad, and a basket of bread and butter and cheese. I guess the night person didn't care. Good to note. Make sure you get everything you're supposed to get. Room service people were super nice and always very friendly and patient and very respectful, not even making eye contact with you or anything in the room while you rummage for money. 6) Soap in the bathroom is tiny. Like the size of a match book tiny. And thin. Like matchbook thin. Like 1 shower and its gone. And they give you two. So bring soap, or ask for more when you arrive. And its orange colored, and smelling. 7) Room was nice. I will never get why they can't buy Queensized mattresses, but you will be stuck with two twins, if you think you're getting a King. Enjoy the crack in the middle. The pillows were PHENOMENAL!!!!!!!! I am a bed afficianado and i slept like never before. Absolutely awesome, weird, lumpy square pillows that were complete heaven. But the room overall was very classy, nice lighting, beautiful cherrywood closets and glass mirrored sections with lighting to enhance. They give you two fluffy white cotton robes and slippers to use if you want. Water in the shower is either scorching hot, or cold. Expect to spend about 15 mins trying to push it, just a tad, oh crap, too far, back a tad... ugh .. cold gain... okay ... just... nudge it ..... AH burning hot .... ok this time two hands so it doesnt bump too far.... GOT IT !!!! Nice hotel. Id stay there over the Hostels.

Average Hotel, Convenient Location, Great Staff Stayed at the Holiday Inn Seatac for a long weekend. I did not have a choice as to where to stay as I was traveling with an organization. The hotel is convenient to Seattle International Airport, and is about a 3 minute ride from the baggage claim.The rooms were typical Holiday Inn hotels with some signs of aging. Nevertheless, the rooms were clean and the beds were comfortable. The bathrooms are a bit small, but were sufficient.The pool area and gym was better than many other Holiday Inns, and was even open 24 hours.I did not go to the bar, but as part of the group, I did partake in the breakfast buffet every morning. The buffet had the typical selections found at most hotel breakfasts, but the food here actually tasted quite good and different from other hotels.All in all, an OK choice for an overnight, but I would not recommend this property for stays more than a night or two. I would like to praise the hotel staff, though, on being very friendly , and accommodating requests.For good food within walking distance, I recommend Thirteen Coins, an upscale bar and restaurant open 24 hours.

Room-Mate Mario (Madrid) was worth it! we absolutely loved pretty much everything about this place - great location, very friendly staff, amenities were wonderful, beds were great (clean and firm), staff wonderful, etc., etc. The breakfast was incredible - best in all our travels - fresh fruit, great coffee, wide selection, a dining room with a very pleasant view - more nice staff always re-stocking the table, very clean (again!). Free Internet access and multi-language TV were nice touches, too.A couple of drawback, which were minor to us, but could be problematic to others:walls were pretty thin; if you're a ligth sleeper, know that you may hear people in other rooms opening closet doors, etc.Showers - ours needed proper caulking - the hotel is new, but already there was minor water damage around teh floor of teh shower (room 221); also, drain was a bti slow.We would recommend this hotel without hesitation - we had a great stay in a centrally-located hotel.

Good place to stay at a reasonable price Opposite the hotel

Great Maids I stayed at the Metro for 12 days in rm 112 for a medical procedure in the city. They put me in rm 112, the quietest room in the building. Usually, it was very quiet and private. On one weekend, there was a party or something nearby, perhaps at the restaurant downstairs, and it was noisy (but not really loud) with hip hop playing. Otherwise, the stay was extremely pleasant. The staff were polite and knew a good deal about the surrounding businesses. Among the better recommendations are Herbivore, an EXCELLENT vegan restaurant two blocks away, and Film Yard Video, a welcoming movie rental shop about three blocks away. Both are north of the hotel.I especially liked the chambermaid service. They figured out quickly what our schedule and preferences were. Thus there were very few knocks when we were in the room after the first two days.The hotel is beautifully kept, well-managed, and clean.I do recommend booking directly if you are staying for 7 or more days, as the booker takes your 10% discount as its commission otherwise. I was very displeased about this, and this was the one thing that I take points off for in the customer service area. I had called about combining my reservations and getting a quiet room and had learned about the discount. When I spoke to the manager, he told me the above scenario and wouldn't give me the discount.

We had a wonderful vacation, Great location and Attentive service We booked the hotel using Priority club points, so we did not have to pay much for 4 nights in Amsterdam. Even if we had paid full price, it would be worth it!The hotel is very close to the Central train station. There are shops, cafes, bars, and dining all nearby. The staff was very friendly and even moved our bags to a new room due to a booking mixup. The room was much larger other hotel rooms i've seen in Amsterdam. If you are used to standard rooms in the US with soap shampoo in the bath, and enough room to sit somewhere other than the bed, THIS IS THE PLACE FOR YOU.The bar was cozy, and the service was good. The restaurant looked nice, but we didn't come to AMS to spend the weekend in our hotel. I did not use the pool or sauna.

Nice hotel, good if you have a car to return This hotel is much better on the inside than the outside appearance. The rooms are trimmed in nice wood and are larger than most European Hotels. I actually had a king size bed, not 2 twins pushed together!The hotel is about 10km from the airport, which makes the time between shuttles long. The bus is small, but I had a car to return, so this was not an issue. The location is in a forest and away from everthing, except the trains which run behind the hotel. This is not a huge problem, since most airport hotels are noisy. The breakfast is pricey, but that's to be expected in a business hotel.Last word, If you have a rental car to return, this hotel is a great value and not too far away.

Very nice resort and golf course We flew into San Juan and rented a car from Payless . they forced me to take CDW even though I showed them my NYS insurance card. (Check this out with your car co.)We drove to Ponce 1.5 hour pleasant drive thru mountains.I played 3 rounds of golf. The course is attractive and interesting but not memorable. No problem for a bogy golfer if you can stay out of the ponds. Holes #9 ,18 and 27 end on the ocean otherwise there are no other oceanviews.Food was not great . Sat night was an excellent pig roast with local specialties. Other buffet meals were not up to par.But if you are a big eater you will get your moneys worth.Wine list was expensive starting at $44. But if asked they offered a decent 'off the list wine' for $27Our best meal was 'Marks at the Melia' in Ponce. We went there once but if we had more time we would have gone back more.'Pitos' on the ocean wes also great for lunch. you can drive to Pitos,otherwise take a cab into the Ponce area unless you like to drive around lost and clueless in seedy enviorns.We drove to the famous Rain forest . Not worth the 5+ hour round trip in NYC style traffic. Shoud be OK from San Juan.Overall I agree with the positive reviews here.

Very nice resort....no complaints here! Just came back from Bahia on June 9th and all I can say is....this resort is huge....Do not get me wrong we (wife and 3.5yr. son) knew when we booked, but the size really surprised us. No problem thou as there are trams every 1-2 minutes.On with the review:Flight -- we flew with Sunwing and except a 1.5 hr delay, due to one of the flight attendance sickness everything was just great.Check in -- done on the bus on the way to the resort, once in about 1 hr wait for the room....no problemo....Food -- Buffet....pretty good, always something to choose...A la carte:French -- I liked it, wife and our son did not....Japanese -- very good...Italian -- very good....Grounds -- absolutely georgeous, amazing...i could go on and on....Room -- Very clean, big....hmm a room... :)Beach -- worth travelling for....no words to describe it, must be seen....Stuff -- very friendly....no English? No problemo....remember you are in Dominican....you make the effort, we did and it was very much appreciated.Overall -- Very nice resort, great holiday, only complaint.....too short....Enjoy!!

Beware of Room 401 Do not stay in room 401. This is a twin bedded room without windows, not even in the bathroom! There is a skylight, but that will not tell you what the weather is like outside. The room is clean and comfortable but without windows it tends to be claustrophobic. The bathroom is beautiful, very modern and well appointed. The beds are comfortable. The breakfast which was included in the package was satisfactory but not exceptional. Warning, the elevator does not go to the floor on which this room is located, you will have to walk up three short flights of steps to get there from the 3rd floor landing. The hotel is walking distance from most of the major attractions in Florence but there is a decided lack of good restaurants in the area. The staff were friendly and mostly spoke reasonable English.

Lovely Place Very nice place to stay that's close, but not too close to Duomo. Fairly quiet side street about 5-10 minute walk to Duomo. Rooms are clean and comfortable. Internet access available. Beds comfortable. Nice amenities. Very helpful staff.Only negative was that the air conditioning was not yet turned on. The night air was cool enough, but there was no screen on the window, so a few mosquitoes made it in.Overall, very nice place.

Good Value, Great Location This is a nice hotel in a good location, not far from the Ramblas, in a slightly quiter area.I agree that the plumbing is rather noisy, but this did not bother us too much. Probably better on the higher floors, we were on the first fllor.The staff were very helpful apart from the mess up with the taxis. We wanted one 6 seater and we got 2 four seaters so we had to pay twice for the journey back to the airport. We should have used the bus as we did when we arrived.Ask for a room at the front. The views are nicer and all the windows are double glazed so no road noise. The rooms are also airconditioned.

Great Hotel When I first arrived I thought our holiday was going 'pete tong' as our reservation we had made with Virgin Holidays was not there. After ages of looking and trying 3 different other room types we got upgraged to the Business Rooms on the top floor (needed to use room key card to access the floor), Result! The Business Floor gives you free unlimited access to the Internet and very spacious rooms in the main building. Free fridge and In room safe. The Hotel is only 5 min walk brings you to the heart of Fishermans Warf and within walking distance of the other piers. China Town and Lombard Street (crookedy street) is up hill so suggest using the trams or taxi.The only rude people were the bar staff, but at least there was free nibbles (srimp/calamari) to enjoy while you had a relaxing drink. The Hotel has a Denny Restaurant inside the second building. Overall this hotel was clean well, looked after and would definately stay here again.

* Perfect Holidays! * Desert Beach

Fantastic hotel in a great area of Berlin! I was in this hotel this winter (at the beginning of January) with my girlfriend ant it was a great experience.The hotel is very near to some of the most popular places of Berlin and with bus (the bus stop is more or less 50 mt far from the hotel) we were able to reach easily Brandenburg Tor and Reichstag.The hotel was very confortable even if the rooms were very small. However we found everything we needed to spend few nights in Berlin.Moreover rooms were very clean and the towels were changed everyday.People at the reception were very kind and they could easily help us.We found an interesting special offer on the hotel website and if so the hotel can be quite cheap.Because of rooms dimensions maybe this is not the right hotel to stay in Berlin for one month but for a week it's great.It is a good starting point to visit Berlin.

A perfect hotel in the best location in Paris Outstanding in every respect. I made arrangements with the concierge in advance of arrival for some champagne and flowers in the room for my wife's birthday. The instructions were carried out perfectly and to great effect!Room was beautiful and the bath was large and beautifully appointed.The d'Aubusson is in a perfect Left Bank location that is also near the Louvre and other popular Right Bank sights.

Hotel gem in Midtown Manhattan Excellent business hotel in midtown Manhattan. Very well maintained. Reasonably priced by NYC standards. I previously stayed at the Peninsula but stopped when average room prices topped $1000 with taxes. The Omni Berkshire is slightly less luxurious (no flatscreen in the bathroom) but only slightly----and for much less.

Perfect Small Hotel in London We could not have been more pleased with the Draycott. It was exactly what my wife and I had hoped for in a small London hotel. The staff was welcoming, the rooms spacious (except for the bathrooms) and the public rooms especially comfortable. We liked the private back garden a la the movie Notting Hill and the overall sense that you were staying in someone's home.Location is very quiet yet convenient to everything in Knightsbridge and Chelsea. We never waited more than 2-3 minutes for a cab on the closest street corner.We will definitely return to the Draycott.

1 of the Best Hotels in New York!!!! This hotel is absoutly Brilliant. The rooms are nice and cosy. The bed is nice and comfortable. The views are just magnificent. The main entrance was stunning, with all the mirrors. the staff were very hepful and friendly.I would highly recomend this hotel. This hotel is in a ideal spot because it is situated out of the main city but still in walking distance of all the attractions like Empire state buliding and chrysler buliding. This hotel is not pricy if anything it is cheap for were it is, not as expensive as staying in a Hotel on Broadway or near times sqaure. Do not book it of Hotwire because they are not a very good company. go to a local travel agent and talk to them, they will give you a great deal.i give this hotel 10/10My stay was truely wonderful.Thank you New York for a Good hotel.

Beautiiful This clean B B property is located just steps from Times Square. Beautifully and tastefully decorated, friendly and helpful front desk staff with a quiet environment. Beautiful public spaces provide wireless service. The self-serve breakfast was disappointing as to variety, quantity and presentation and not comparable to other B Bs in other parts of the world of similar accommodation standard. Essentially, the breakfast was not appropriate for the elegance of the hotel. Considering the disappointing breakfast and the minimal square footage of the room the tariff is a bit pricey. Apparently the owner feels that proximity to Times Square is worth the 5-star prices for a 4-star property. Excellent bathroom. If being over-priced by about 15% is not a concern then this is the place to stay in Manhattan.

Beauty in the Desert Sun This is the third Christmas we spent at the Biltmore, but my first review.On this trip, my husband and I stayed in room 3115 from December 23 - 25, 2005. This was termed a Premier room and we had a special promotional rate of $299/night.We arrived at the Biltmore around 12:30pm, well before check-in time, to find our room ready and waiting. We were in the Valley Wing (built in 1979) which was immediately adjacent to the original, main building. Our room had a private porch area with 2 chairs, a table and a chaise longue. A hedgerow seperated us from the pool area (a lovely, smaller pool with Catalina tile, a fountain and a hot tub, more private than the large, main pool).The decor of the room was Craftsman in feel with some desert-color touches and leather and wood touches. Handsome, and plenty of storage for hanging and folded clothes.The King bed was very comfortable and the linens were soft. Bathroom products were present and accounted for, although nothing spectacular. The Biltmore Spa shampoo they provide smells great, though! The shower pressure was very strong and there is plenty of shelf space in the shower/bath to place razors, shave cream, toothpaste, etc., upon.Throughout our stay, the fireplaces were blazing in the public areas (even though it was sunny and 80 during the day, at night it got very chilly) and the holiday decorations were everywhere. This certainly added to the aesthetic charm of the place.We spent plenty of time by the very busy main pool. We enjoyed lunch on two ocassions at the poolside Cabana Cafe (thumbs up to the roasted peach and marinated shrimp salad and the spicy bloody Marys!) which, for two people, was in the $40 range. Waiters took care of bringing us pitchers of lemoned ice water and fresh towels...they were young guys, mostly, and not exactly heel-clicking perfect but sincere, efficient and friendly.Room service breakfast on Christmas morning was delivered at the stroke of the time we'd requested and was exactly as ordered (amazing how many places screw up scrambled egg WHITES and deliver the whole egg -- not the Biltmore, though!).We did not experience any of the hidden fees that some have complained of here -- everything was very clearly laid out on the forms at check-in and being very frequent travelers we are almost (almost...) used to the service/delivery/etc. fees that are tacked onto room service meals. We did not feel the prices for anything were out of line -- it costs $3 for a small bottle of club soda in the mini-bar and while it's no fun to pay that much, we've both stayed places where that price is easily doubled.The only complaint we had (if you can even call it that) is that this is the third Christmas visit we've made in 4 years and it would have been powerful to have heard a welcome back or even to have received a letter in the Fall asking if we planned to return.Although the resort is 75 years old and thus in some places shows cracks and crumbles (it's almost entirely made of formed concrete tiles, so no surprise there), at all times we both felt like we were in an incredibly special and unique place -- almost enchanted, with the ghosts of the famous people who preceded our stay all around us. The architecture, the friendly service, the happy families and couples as fellow guests, the sense that there was no other place on earth but here...all conspired to create a truly memorable holiday weekend for us.I can certainly say that we will return and hope to make a tradition of spending all our Christmases at this enchanted place.

Like a Hostel for Cool Grown-Ups This is a review of my experience at the Clarendon Hotel + Suites, from August 25, 2006, to August 27, 2006. I was in room 309...a large suite.My experience with hotels runs the gamut. From suites at the grand hotels of Europe (Le Sirenuse, Claridges, the Adlon, the Crillon, the Goldener Hirsch, etc.) to exceptional US properties (various Ritzes, Waldorf Towers, Auberge, Post Ranch Inn, Bacara, etc.) to boutique hotels, as well (Sydney House in London, Arcotel Velvet in Berlin, Blakes in Amsterdam, etc.). I share this because Clarendon gave me an entirely new experience, which I did not really think possible after decades of travel to hotels big and small, great and good (and yes, some downright lousy).Travelers to the Clarendon should prepare themselves for a hotel that is not sizzling with high-end design (although the rooms are pleasantly appointed and the whole place is VERY clean). But the design that is there is really cool. LED desklights, sliding shades that feature reproductions of the artwork in the lobby, enormous rooms, an exquisite sound system playing big band and jazz standards by the pool, the same sun chairs I lounged on in Positano earlier this summer and the exterior painting and lighting all conspire to delight. You aren't going to get a Phillipe Starck tour de force here, but you will get a feeling that the owners care enough to provide you with far more than the average Holiday Inn.But enough of design, because what the world DON'T need now is a design hotel without the basics nailed.And this, dear readers, is where the Clarendon knocks 'em dead.Service. What a tragically underrealized concept in hotels today. But the staff at the Clarendon could school the buffoons at MUCH higher end properties in what service means. Always greeting guests. Always asking if they can do that one extra step to help? Always producing the unexpected (for instance, with the no liquids rule at airports, we found ourselves without sunscreen. Would the desk have a bottle we could use? You bet they did.).And this wasn't just a bunch of hip young people helping out other hip young people. I observed several much older guests receiving the same level of truly engaged and respectful service and that just made me feel incredibly affectionate toward this property. The ability to experience design and a unique interaction with it should be the province of all ages, not just 20-somethings with the latest Prada swimsuit.The bed was top-notch. We did not use the TV. There is no liquor in the mini-bar (actually it's a mini-snack stack...there is no chilled beverage selection in the room). The A/C worked...not to an icy chill like many Phoenix properties, but it definitely felt much cooler in our room. The shower pressure was perfectly adequate.We did not use the bar or restaurant but peeked in and it looked appealing. The property is very close to many restaurants, bars, clubs in central Phoenix (not to mention museums) so we tried some of those instead.I told the girl at check-out that I felt I had discovered the coolest youth hostel on the planet -- only it was for grown-ups. I still feel that way. It's a lower-budget-higher-design concept paired with the absolute perfect pieces of internal architecture: a genius bed, clean property, and staff who would fit seamlessly into the finest properties in the hospitality industry.I still love my Christmases at the Arizona Biltmore -- I'm a hopeless traditionalist in many senses -- but for any other visit to town, I am going to definitely stay at the Clarendon.Congratulations to manager Ben Bethel for reminding me that it's still possible to assemble a team of flawless customer service providers within the chic walls of a modern hotel.

100% Great Experience This review is for a one night stay (March 3 - 4) in room #1128.Upon arriving at the hotel (friend and I walked from Powell Street BART Station), I immediately noticed that they had finally put a sign on the exterior (metal letters, set discreetly on the front of the building by the entrance). When we started walking past the tree pots set on the outside Geary Street wall of the building, my friend said, I already think I am going to like this place due to the understated but stylish exterior vibe.Upon entering the fantastically designed lobby, we encountered no line at check-in. My friend went off to ogle the spectatcular design elements while I dealt with check-in. The woman handling that was friendly and welcoming...in fact, none of the snottiness pointed out in some other reviews was encountered by us with any of the staff during this visit. But we are smiley, friendly people so maybe that's what we got back? Who knows -- I just felt very welcome the entire visit.We then took the opportunity to enjoy a drink in the Redwood Room before the party scene started -- it's a stunning space, and the redesign of several years ago was sympathetic and successful. Going when it is quiet may not be a party highlight, but it is certainly an opportunity to enjoy the magnificence of this space -- and a good cocktail!When we got to the room, we discovered that the management had delivered a bottle of sparkling wine (Gloria Ferrer blanc de noir) and a lovely flower arrangement, with their compliments. Most kind of them!Our purpose for coming to the Clift this time was to host a 40th birthday party for a friend, including 10 guests, so we had booked a 925 square foot one-bedroom suite with living and dining area. It was spectatcular -- very large, private, quiet and beautifully designed with loads of windows and large wall mirrors to keep things bright and several pieces of custom Phillipe Starck furniture that are unique to that room. There is an 8-place oval dining table covered with a custom cut piece of orange mirror glass. Wild! But very sophisticated, too. It's freaky-chicy as one of our guests said.The room service team arranged everything perfectly -- four hot appetizers had been ordered a week before-hand, as well as red wine glasses, Champagne flutes and iced Champagne buckets (we bought our own wine at the very well-appointed wine shop two blocks away -- Moet Chandon White Star and Stags Leap Wine Cellars Artemis). By the way -- we got NO bad vibes at all about bringing our own wine and the people in room service, in the days before our arrival, were a pleasure to work with. We asked to have everything set up by 6:30pm and it was done by 6:40pm. Pretty good!The room is great for entertaining, and after two hours or so, we all left for the Vivienne Westwood party at the DeYoung Museum. Upon returning close to midnight, some of us enjoyed cocktails and appetizers in the Living Room area, which was dark and private -- the Redwood Room is a great place to party, but we were too pooped to deal with that scene.We slept soundly in the excellent bed and in the morning were shouting for joy over the strongest water pressure from a hotel shower either of us had experienced in quite some time! The bathroom has ample space for personal effects and the dressing room outside the bathroom has a table-with-mirror and huge closets for even more storage.We requested a late check-out at 2pm which was immediately approved. Then we went downstairs to enjoy our breakfast. The Asia de Cuba french toast was amazing -- it had a veritable mountain of whipped cream -- and bravo to the restaurant for also offering design it yourself egg-white omelettes for those of us fat-averse types! Breakfast was not cheap but we had a couple Mimosas, so it was our own fault! LOL And if you want cheap, there are a couple greasy spoons a block or two up Geary that serve good diner food (I think one is called the Olympic Flame and I've had good eggs-toast-and-bacon brekkies there).Check-out was a breeze and there were no hidden charges on the bill. Once again, the staff just could not have been more friendly -- even the cleaning staff one passed in the halls smiled and said Hello.I had some fears about the complexity of the expectations I had of the hotel -- the food, getting it set up, making sure it was a memorable and flavorful 40th birthday for my friend -- and I just could not be more pleased. They got EVERYTHING right.I will most certainly be returning to The Clift....in fact, I have the same room booked for July 6! Good job to everyone at the hotel and thank you for making my friend's 40th birthday truly special.

Very overrated The Adolphus is a classic case of someone taking a grand old hotel and thinking that if you throw every color, pattern and design element at the thing it will make it even more exceptional. It doesn't. In fact, the interior design of this hotel (aside from the lobby and French Room restaurant, which are magnificent) is like some awful Texas suburban McMansion. The busy pattern in the carpets, chairs, bed linens, art work, etc., darn near hurt my eyes!Better they had done it in neutrals and lower lighting (you could land a jet in fog in the hallways, they are so bright), but there you have it.There is also a serious problem with important structural aspects: the walls are so thin you can hear TVs in the next rooms (more on that in a minute) and the windows overlooking the busy city streets are not double-paned so you hear noise allllll night long.To that point, my neighbor's TV started blaring at 11:30pm. I called and asked the front desk to look into this, and move me if needed. They never called back; after 15 minutes, I finally called them back and was told that security had heard the TV was on from the hall, but that it was not too loud. I responded that I was not sleeping in the hall, I was sleeping in my room. They then offered to move me.The room they put me in was on the 14th floor, overlooking the street! One of the loudest hotel rooms I have ever stayed in in my life. Also, the room's walls had scuffs and dirt stains...definitely not a $615/night experience as the rate card on the door stated!!!The next morning, after a completely sleepless night, I asked to be moved again, and was. This room was on the 8th floor and looked out over a roof and airconditioning units, but was double-paned and quiet.No one ever offered to knock anything off my bill, even though the rooms manager, front desk and security were all aware that my stay was not up to my epxectations.All in all, I would rather stay at a quiet, earnest little Motel 6 than a pretentious, very expensive hotel that doesn't even have the basics mastered. The Adolphus is riding on its laurels, the fact that too many people are cowed into thinking they should not protest poor service, and the fact that most business travelers will just settle for whatever is dealt them.I won't...and so here I am with my one-star review!

The coolest hotel room ever! I almost couldn't wait to come back to the USA so that I could write this review of my stay from July 24 - 27, so here goes...Plenty of hotels today market the cool-factor of their lounges, restaurants and/or room decor. And many deliver on that one level. But they nearly all fall down when they try to match the design bling with a similarly cutting-edge level of service...many just cannot get their supermodel staffs to deliver super-professional hospitality. Leave it to the Germans (or, in the case of Arcotel, the Austrians) to get the equation perfectly right!The hotel presents a modern front right from the curb -- the photos of the hotel here do not do justice to how shocking (in a good way) the glass facade of Arcotel is in relation to its surrounding neighbors. The chairs of the lobby bar spill out through floor to ceiling door/windows onto the sidewalk and create an inviting integration between building and passersby, in addition to being a great command post for people watching.Check-in was a breeze and very polite. My fumbling German can sometimes be met with impatience but here the desk clerk (at my request) just slowed down her delivery and gave me another chance to get my German answer right -- and I did! We both laughed at my little victory and I was up to my room with a smile on my face......Which soon became a gasp as I opened the door to my sixth floor junior suite (#608). What a room!!! The slanted floor to ceiling window-walls, the furniture, the kitchenette and the trendy bathroom were all just one exciting revelation after another. As a testament to how awesome the design of the room is, I can tell you that the nicest day of my entire vacation was an hour I spent in my room watching the rain from a brief downpour roll down over the giant slanted windows in rivers while thunder rumbled outside...it was incredibly peaceful but powerful. I kept thinking to myself that this was an experience I could have nowhere else but in this amazing space.Some neat touches: the James Bond gadget-style window vents and black-out blinds that open at a touch of a button; the do not disturb sign is your illuminated room number in the hall showing either red or green light; the nifty little cordless phone; the heat lamp in the bathroom; the Ikea kitchen module...and on and on.Breakfast is your typical European extravaganza with meats, cheeses, eggs, pastries, breads, cereals/grains, jams, spreads, juices...god, it was never a temptation to sleep in and miss this feast, I can tell you that! It's served in the Lutter Wegner space adjoining the hotel and is thus a far nicer space than most hotel breakfast rooms.The location of the hotel is right around the corner from the Oranienburger Tor U-bahn stop, so super-convenient and just a 10 minute walk (max) down Friedrichstrasse to Unter den Linden. It's a mere 5 or 10 minute walk to Hackescher Hofe and Scheunenviertel and I walked home at 3am from a club in Prenzlauer Berg and it was safe and actually a quiet and lovely 25 minute stroll.I was wrecked that they were already booked for the World Cup Final next July because I am going to be back in town for that and cannot see any hotel possibly equalling Arcotel. My friends were staying in a room at the Westin Grand Berlin and when they saw my room they were blown away!My bet is that you will also be impressed. This is the coolest hotel I have ever stayed in (and I'm a veteran of the whole Ian Schrager, Christina Ong, Design Hotels, Anouska Hempel scene) and they have excellent service to match -- from the desk clerk to the bar staff to the breakfast room team, all receive high marks and my most sincere thanks for making this a great vacation visit.Arcotel is am besten!

Very Pleasantly Surprised I was very pleased with my stay at the LA Omni -- much more so than stays at other Omni properties. I was a guest at the hotel from December 6 - 8, in Room # 923.From my arrival, staff could not have been more efficient and polite. Even walking through the facility on my way to meetings, I was warmly greeted by porters, maids and others.The rooms and public spaces were very clean. The design is nothing fantastic, but neither is it over-the-top or offputting.Room service offered some low calorie options, and the mini-bar is well-stocked. When the batteries on my internet keyboard died, the engineer was dispatched within minutes to replace them.The view from my room was wonderful -- a full-on Disney Hall perspective. Double-glazed windows and solid walls ensured plenty of quiet so I could sleep.Shower water pressure was good, but they should have a shelf in the shower so one can lay their razor and/or toothbrush on it versus having to cram it into the little soap alcove or -- gasp -- leave it on the floor of the shower.Each morning I had a USA Today and an LA Times waiting outside my door...nice. I don't read USA Today so it was great to have something more substantive to read.Wake-up calls are from a real human, not some recorded automaton, and were placed exactly on time.A small bottle of spray starch is in each closet -- a nice extra touch (even if they do charge about $5 for it).I truly enjoyed my stay here and when downtown on business will ensure that I stay at the Omni again.

God-awful This tale of woe is in regard to a one night stay on July 15.In the mood for an in-town get-away, I decided to surprise the Sig Other with a surprise night in a W Hotel suite. Upon checking room availability online, I saw no suites were available, so I called the hotel and learned that all their suites were being renovated. Fair enough, so i decided to reserve a corner room on a high floor.I arrived at the hotel 30 minutes after check-in time to process the check-in and get my room keys so that later I could return with the SO and go right to the room. Upon arrival, I was met with huge lines at the check-in desk...it took me 20 minutes to get to the front desk. Now that it was nearly 4:00pm, and having waited in the very slow line, I was stunned to learn my room was not yet ready. I had to be home within an hour to meet my SO and still had to secretly pack a bag with extra toothbrushes, PJs, etc. I was told they would work as hard as they could to get me a room quickly. In the meantime, I decided to arrange for a bottle of Champagne to be in my room upon arrival. I was ushered to the Conceirge, who basically could not have been less interested. When I asked her if she was certain they could have the bottle on ice in the room at 5:30pm, she looked at me as if I were from outer space. I should have known this was only a hint of things to come...Well, I was driving home to frantically pack, and then drive back to do the room key, then drive home to meet my SO -- yeah, I really like him so I go to this kind of trouble LOL -- when the guy at the desk called and said the room was ready. So I threw a few things in a bag and drove back downtown to get the key.Surprise! Another epic line. And people were yelling at the desk clerks and general mayhem was ensuing. Apparently, there was only ONE single bellhop for the entire hotel on a busy Saturday. Genius. Well, while waiting in line I told several people about tripadvisor.com so hopefully they will post here, too.I got to the desk, got my keys, and was running back out the door and said, You won't forget the Champagne, right? And they all smiled and said it was all set.One hour later, I arrived and told the SO that some friends had invited us up to their room for a pre-dinner drink. I entered room 2120 to find...no Champagne. I called downstairs in a wee bit of a rage and was told We knocked on the door but no one answered so we didn't want to come in and disturb anyone. I replied that no one had answered the door, because I wasn't in the room and since there was no Do Not Disturb sign on the door and since I had requested the bottle be waiting for my arrival, I was dismayed, mystified and peeved that they had blown the one most important element of the surprise overnight. Completely unacceptable at any price, but at $300+ it was ridiculous!They said they would have the bottle right up there and I said they were welcome to send it up if they would give me a break on the price, otherwise, forget it. She said she would do what she could.Which was, in a word, nothing. The bottle was delivered with a full price bill. I was insulted. I told the man that I was refusing the bottle and to take it back (it was unopened). He mumbled something and left the room without removing the bottle! I had to call down and ask for the bottle to be collected which it was.We ended up drinking the half-bottle from the mini-bar. After taking showers, we discovered there was only one bathrobe. I called down for one, and it was delivered quickly (albeit on a wire hanger...all the hangers in the closet were wood, so this looked tacky.)The room is nice, in fine shape, and the view was spectacular. I can say that much.At check-out the next day, the clerk was very apologetic and comped the half-bottle of Champagne when I told her of how completely unpleasant the experience had been.The W is very much form over function. I guess Seattle still doesn't have an interesting, cutting edge, non-dowdy, non-business-drone hotel. I would never return to the W and plan to share this opinion with my friends and fellow frequent business travelers.

Great value and a good location Sunset from the Patra Bali Hotel pool

Cramped, but centrall located Sunset dinner at the Mercure Bali

A great find! My wife and I have just spent 2 nights at the Casablanca Hotel (25 - 27 April).From the moment we arrived, the staff could not have been more friendly and helpful.It's a small hotel (43 rooms) and the bedrooms and lounge area are nicely decorated.Complimentary coffee and snacks are available all day. Right next to Times Square, it's a great location. Don't miss it!

The New Quality Standard in Hong Kong Hotels My wife and I recently stayed at the Four Seasons in Hong Kong. What quality! As always at any Four Seasons, service is fantastic. I have stayed in most of the other quality hotels in Hong Kong -- The Manderin, Conrad, Penisula --- and find the Four Seasons to be the best of a great lot. The view from the Infinity Pool alone is worth a stay.

Mixed feelings After a 10 hour flight to San Juan, we arrived at the Courtyard by Marriott Isla Verde, a hotel highly recommended by many Tripadvisor readers. A short unspectacular driveway from the street to the hotel and a reception area that is overwhelmed by adjacent casino activities did not provide an initial wow factor, and we immediately questioned ourselves whether the long journey was worthwhile. (It also made us think twice about tripadvisor comments). The spacious room and comfortable bed compensated our feelings. However the carpet was very damp and the room air much more humid than at other Caribbean hotels we stayed. (We asked about the carpet situation the following day, but did not receive a response). Daylight revealed a nice beach, however the water was more of a surfer's delight. The pool and surrounding garden area were unspectacular. Overall our positive feelings about the hotel are:-The room was a good size, clean and with a comfortable bed (although feather/down pillows were scarce).-The staff members are excellent- friendly, and helpful.-The night music is great- the place really swings during weekends with locals who dance fantastic.-The breakfast buffet was good and reasonably priced (for San Juan). Our negatives were:-The reception area and outside grounds are not to par of other Caribbean hotels in the same price range. They looked tired. The feeling of being on vacation was diminished.-The casino appears to be the main focus of the hotel. -The airport runway is very close to the hotel (the takeoffsstart at a runway parallel to the hotel about 300 meters away). The hotel has tried to quench the noise, although it is not entirely successful (our room faced the ocean not the runway).-Isla Verde is quite far from areas of interest such as Old Juan (a $20 20-minute cab ride) or any shopping area. The few restaurants near the hotel were several blocks away. Stores (clothing, art, etc) are not near the hotel. -The supper cafe is squeezed in a small paved area between the beach and the hotel. The supper prices are a bit outrageous even for San Juan. -There should be more information about local activities, such as placement in the rooms of booklets such as Places to Go- your passport to San Juan and Que Pasa rather than by-chance enounter at the conciege desk. Copies of the local newspaper were scarce (even at the hotel store).If we had to do it again we would look for a place at the Condado area where there is more activiity and proximity to places of interest- the total cost of the Marriott at Condado would have been the same, given that the latter offered one night free following 4 nights occupancy.

Hotel Beacon Although it was during the recent heat wave, our stay at the Beacon was wonderful. We requested, and received, a 20th floor room facing Central Park. The rooms are neat, and the kitchenettes are a great benefit. We went to the Fairway Market to buy breakfast essentials, but actually there is a market further up Broadway about 2 blocks that is a little better in our opinion. Close to the 72nd street subway and in a wonderful area, the Beacon is a great hotel.We will stay there again on our next trip to NYC.

Great Hotel, Great location Got a corner room on a high floor which had an amazing view. Was able to see the Statue of Liberty, the Hudson River and the Empire State Building.The room was big, had 4 windows and the bed was great.The hotel is located one block from times square and you can take nearly every subway that runs through manhattan, because they all stop half a block away from the Westin.Staff was very efficient never had to wait to talk to somebody.This hotel is now my first choice when it is affordable. Last time i stayed at the Intercontinental, which i also liked, but the Westin is far superior and has a much better location.There is nothing to complain about this hotel.

Perfect Gansevoort Great hotel, had a large room which felt more like an appartement than a hotel room. Large bathroom with two sinks and the room itself had a small kitchen area.The bed was the best i have ever slept in.Everything is new and very trendy.There was nothing to complain about.Will definitely return!

Close encounters ! I chose to stay at the Milner after reading a few reviews, it looked a reasonable kind of place to me. The rooms are clean but very small, if you want a closed in kind of feeling then this is the place for you. Not me, I would not choose to stay at the Milner again. The expression you could not swing a cat should come to your mind. The interior of the hotel could do with a bit of a tidy up. Location wise it's ok. Easy for walking in the city and public transport.

In the Club A very good, clean and centrally located hotel in the financial centre of the city. Easy to get to the local tourist sites. I can recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a central location to stay. Easy to get to and from the airport from the State T station. Internet access is available in the lounge for free.

For the most part,wonderful! We enjoyed Culebra and Tamarindo Estates.Very secluded and private.The main road to the hotel is now paved with easy access and lovely beaches.The snorkeling is nice,but not spectacular.The rooms are comfortable,but in the warmers months,not quite practical.We would have loved to have cooked in the kitchen,but only the bedrooms have A/C and are the only respite from the heat of the day.A/C to all areas of the units would be much nicer in addition to providing satellite TV to the living area to utilise that area better.The good news is there was a nice porch on our unit,(upstairs,overlooking the bay.Theres so much to see that the bad parts were small disapointments overall.In the cooler months,I would stay there again in a heartbeat!

Good experience My wife and I stayed there 4 nights with our 2 young children. They gave us two adjacent rooms on the top (3rd) floor, however there was no door between the rooms unlike in many other hotels.Many positives:* Convenient location.* Friendly and helpful staff (who also made museum reservations for us).* Clean and comfortable rooms/bathrooms; not noisy at all.* Moderately priced for such a popular tourist destination.Some (minor) negatives:* The elevator broke down on our first day, and was not repaired even by day 4.* WIFI access is only in the lobby, and did not always work. No internet in the rooms.Overall would recommend it for people looking for a comfortable, pleasant but certainly not luxurious stay at a moderate price.

Excellent but....... Based on my experiences staying at five different Four Season's previously, the Singapore hotel falls a bit short. It is still a grand and excellently run hotel. However, the Premium room that I got was not up to other Four Season's standards and the view out the corner windows was quiite ugly at both views. I may be a bit picky, but as highly rated and as relatively expensive this hotel is, it should be perfect as, I found, was the case at the Four Season's in New York and Paris for instance. The policy of all Four Seasopn's of charging between $10 and $20 extra for high speed internet access is downright foolish on their part. Instead of charging $600 or $800. for a room, charge $610 or $810 and forgo the embarrassing surcharge for what should surely be part of the room rate.

Perfect location Although this is one wonderful hotel, it really is not nearly the best of the Four Seasons. We love hotels in this chain and have stayed in six different ones this year alone. The deluxe room was tight. Not near the space we have grown to expect from the Four Seasons. Bathroon only so-so; you actaully had to squirm to close the door in the toilet area of the bathroom. The elevator system is quite complex with changes necessary to get from the entrance to your room. Personnel, although friendly was sloppy and not as helpful as one expects from this excellent group of hotels. We wiull probably try something different the next time in SF.

Everything GREAT We stayed it this hotel for 2 nights in the room Marie, 8th floor. Once you have accepted the generally high prices for hotels in Paris, then there is nothing negative to say about this hotel. Au contraire: it's great!Very friendly hotel staff. Super clean rooms.Good food (try have breakfast in the room with view on the Eiffel tower!)Themed rooms (every room seems to be different), great decor.Good location (100m to the metro, 20min to the train station nord/est)The only negative thing would be the very slow lift....but does that really matter?Anyway, try to get a room on the upper floor, street side. And there is one room which has a baclony and Tour Eiffel view for unforgettable breakfasts)If I am in Paris again, I know where I will stay.

Okay, but don't plan to get a tan by the pool The hotel is clean and modern with furniture that looks like it was updated recently. Couple of issues...I planned to lay out by the pool in the 107 degree heat, however, the outside portion of the pool small and shaded by the building. Parking near the hotel was a challenge, uness you want to park near the college administration building. The other issue was with the staff not being able to give accurate directions. The directions given took us about 20 miles out of our way. Other than that, an okay experience but I felt a little cheated because of the pool.

A little pricey but almost perfect Can't say much bad about this wonderful 4-star hotel. Great location - right on La Rambla just above the Placa Catalunya. Beautiful buffet breakfast (at extra cost). A really nice feature was the double, double-pane windows. That is, two double-pane windows with an air space in between which results in total quiet even though it's on a really busy street.Only one complaint. They had a computer downstairs for internet access which was a pay-as-you-go deal at 50 Euro/cents per minute (!!!). That would mean 15 Euros for a 30 minute session of reading and answering email.. That's almost $40 per hour!! An Internet cafe down near the port on La Rambla charges, I think, One Euro per hour and that's considered expensive. Other than the inconvenience of de facto no internet access, it's a great hotel.

mixed review The good:1. Friendly staff at check-in2. nice view of Telegraph Hill, and Washington Square area and Coit Tower3. It's newly redone.4. Good valet service and very friendly and polite.5. A great king bed and v. good llinens. Good towels in the bathroom.6. Free wi-fi in the lobby area. Works good too. 7. New, fast, elevators. One slight catch is that you have to swipe your room keycard before you push the floor button or it doesn't accept your push. The price of 9/11.The Bad:1. Noisy outside. Drunks all over the place when the bars close.2. Five in the afternoon and unable to get clean towels. They ran out(??)3. Generally overpriced. Want to spend $35 on breakfast?The Ugly:1. Parking will be about $100 for two nights (we're still here as I write this). SF is always expensive, but this is out of line. In summary:I got this room for $90 on Priceline. Good deal for that price. If I had paid rack rate or anything like it, I'd really be sore. This is a made over Holiday Inn, and looks like it. The rooms are furnished with IKEA-level stuff. Nice for a young person's apartment, but not for a 4 star hotel. Popcorn (acuostical) ceiling -- they just couldn't spend the $$ to take this out and it looks really dated and ugly. We had stayed here when it was a Hol. Inn, and that's about the level of hotel it still is--only more expensive. Interesting, Hilton is trying to lose the Chinatown identification. Was the Holiday Inn Chinatown -- now the Hilton Financial District. Never mind that all the businesses outsite the hotel have their sineage in Chinese. This place only makes sense at under $100 and it's a good value for that.

Mixed bag Stayed in the hotel for a 2 day business meeting after travelling from the UK. The check-in staff were helpful and friendly although I was thre only one checking in so pressure wasnt great!The rooms were large and functional and were pretty standard as far as US hotel rooms are concerned.The staff were really helpful and friendly throughout the stay and the conference staff were very efficient although when I asked for some photocopying to be done, I was referred to the business centre. The business center was a surprise as you you had to pay for the services with a credit card when I would have preferred( and got!) this cost added to the central bill.The hotel is a little noisy with a club about 200meters from the hotel throwing folks out at around 2am which is a pity.Local services are great though with many bars and restaurants to choose from.

A Superb Hotel Stayed on the way to the QM2. A superb first class hotel with nice views from the top of the hill. Trolly from outside to Fishermans Warf. What one would expect from a horel with the address Nob Hill!

Excellent value for us We stayed overnight after a very long flight to Phoenix from New England. The hotel is a straight shot from the airport and easy to find. Rail construction in the street out front caused some backtracking, but I assume that is finished by now. Parking is ample, although you do have to walk around to the front entrance after the back door is locked.The hotel has been undergoing renovations, which appeared to be mostly complete. Our room was quite large and spacious, and very comfortable. We ate at the restaurant on premises, as we just wanted to crash after the flight, and it was quite decent.We booked this stay on a web site that offered a VERY good rate considering the excellent room -- I forget how much exactly but I think it was about $80. The hotel was not very busy at that time, and I observed that a walk-in customer who was ahead of me actually got an even lower rate than I did. I imagine rate flexibility depends on what's going on in town, convention business, etc, so you might not find that low a rate all the time. I would try it again, if we do a similar itinerary.

Great location and excellent service Park hotel from across road

Business again... After reading some of the reviews, I was very hesitant to book. I'm an experienced traveler to Hawai'i and know what to expect at hotels.I have to say that those with negative reviews of this hotel are nothing but whiney cry babies that expect Hyatt service for Motel 6 rates.I was impressed.I'm familiar with the Aqua product and how they've upgraded a lot of really crappy hotels in Honolulu. the Marina could use the Aqua facelift but because its a condotel, their options are limited. But they do what they can.Check-in/out: Quick and easy. Advised of computer use, and received a cable.Elevator: didn't have to wait too long at all. I was on a mid-tower floor, and the elevator wait was never longer than a few minutes (if you come to Honolulu and stay at other places, the wait is MUCH MUCH MUCH longer). They also have comfy places to sit in the lobby while you wait.Parking: didn't use.Location: was good for me because I hate Waikiki as a business traveler, I need to be downtown and my choices were this hotel or Executive Center. I'm picking this hotel again because downtown closes up at 7. Its right at the base of Waikiki along Ala Moana close to the canal. Lots of restaurants nearby, and of course ABC on the corner (All Blocks Covered.. heh). 7 bus lines go by, so you are never more than a 10 minute wait. Parking is always tight in Waikiki... dont get a car if you don't need to. Ala Moana is a short 5 minute walk. Kuhio and Kalakua are closeby (main drags). Room: typical for a condotel. Everything worked, no bugs, and the bed was comfy. Had 4 pillows for a queen size bed... ac worked, and there were actual curtains in the room (others have blinds or thin curtains that do nothing to keep light out). TV worked, bathroom was sufficient.. having a stove, microwave, and fridge was very nice...

Great location for a get away!! Location, location, location. This Hotel is in the heart of everything a couple needs for their shopping and tourist attraction get away! We stayed 4 days and found the room to be clean and our bed awesome. The concierge staff were helpful and great with all their suggestions, giving us some great San Francisco restaurants, the ones that the locals' use!For a big city with noise and action, the Grand is great and is what is to be expected. Close to all types of great shopping and tourist attractions, the bonus is you can walk to alot of these locations, and or use cable cars and other public transportation which is clean and easy to use. After a long day and night out coming back to a great bed in your room is the bonus! We will definitely stay in this location again!!Great little Japanese Restaurant 2 blocks away on Mason called Akiko! Great food and cheap! Great little Italian Rome style restaurant used by the locals in North Beach called Ideale absolutely fabulous! Recommended by the hotel Concierge!

Excelllent Hotel My wife and I have just returned from a three night stay at the Westminster City Inn. We both found this to be an excellent hotel.The staff were extremely helpful and pleasant and all the amenities at the hotel were very good.Breakfast was excellent with a choice of continental or full English .I have read some reviews which suggested that the hotel was a little out of the way. However I cannot agree. It was a five minute walk from Pimlico tube station and about 10- 15 minutes to Westminster tube station.There is a local pub nearby, The Morpeth Arms where staff were very friendly and the beer was good too. If you are looking for a modern, stylish hotel I strongly recommend you stay here.

Like our friends home I stayed at Luna Simone for 3 nights and I subscribe everything that was said on the other reviews.It's true rooms are small, but enough for what you need (You don't go to London to stay in the hotel room, so...), but everything was clean, what's for me the most important thing.Rooms are warm, have TV, tea and coffee, hair dryer, free safe box and it's possible to borough an adaptor plug for electricity.English Breakfast was wonderful, tasty and served with sympathy between 7:00h and 8:30h, which is good to wake you up to London activity.The neighbourhood seemed to me very peaceful and easy to reach from Pimlico tube station, even at night.I recommend

Excellence in Paradise This was a beautiful resort; very accomadating and excellent service was provided. Considering we experienced a sub tropical storm during our stay; the beach was beautiful and a very clean atmosphere overall. The shows at night were very entertaining and the disco bar was a lot of fun. The food, especially the french restaurant was amazing, by far the best restaurant at the resort. The drinks were tasty and the best part is that you were served while on the beach without even having to get up. The Sports Bar was a lot of fun, the bar tender there was our favorite. The trip was very well priced especially with all that was provided. We highly recommed this resort as the ultimate vacation package. The atmosphere, food and entertainment are well worth the reasonable price. We will defientely go back. This was the best trip we have been on!!!!

four points by sheraton, a best buy my wife and I stayed at the four points from 10-2-04 for three days. Our room was ready for us when we arrived at 8:30 a.m. We had the king size bed with a balconey overlooking the harbour. Everything about the room was a-1. It was clean, comfortable and the price was reasonable. Also the breakfasts were excelent.The only problem was we thought we were using a phone card to call ct. in the usa, but really were using their phone line. Be aware of phone rates to the states.Overall we would stay there anytime and be well taken care of.

A unique pleasure We have stayed at the Hotel Drisco the last three times we have traveled to San Francisco. We like to make long weekends in the city and there are many features that other hotels just can't offer. The location, in Pacific Heights, is incredible. The neighboring 2-3 blocks consist of the most elegant homes in the city. Really, they are mansions with values of $10 plus with incredible views. The Drisco is also within walking distance to eating and shopping on Union Street and Filmore Street. If you want more than the big department stores downtown, this is a great place to stay. The Hotel is very quiet, very comfortable, and the breakfast and evening wine/snacks is very well done. While you can't realistically walk to Union Square or the Wharf, it is only a $10-$12 cab ride to almost anywhere in the city. The bus system is also very efficient and a great way to see new areas of the city.

Nice Hotel Mela offers small, but very nice and fresh rooms. Cleaning was perfect, and concierge offered good service for us, booking our restaurants etc.Hotel is located perfectly, just a 100 meters from Times Square, and a walk away from everything...Really recommend a visit to Nobu restaurant and Buddha Bar Restaurant. Both places offers great food and a fantastic atmosphere.

Great hotel in Boston Nine Zero is a really great hotel in the center of Boston. Hotel service is very professional and nice. Hotel atmosphere is relaxed and trendy.Rooms are very spacy and nice. Fresh furniture and rooms that feels nice and clean. Free internet access is a good feature at the hotel.Only recommendations for this hotel

The kindest staff ever...! Hotel La Venere is a stone's throw from the Cathedral (Il Duomo), which basically means that you can reach all the interesting places in less than 10 min. We were quite scared because of some comments we have read about hotels in Florence, but definitely they do not apply to this hotel. Rooms, although not huge in space, are cozy and extremely clean, with your own, pristine bathroom. The whole hotel has been refurbished recently, so everything looks new. The breakfast was good, including freshly prepared coffee on request!But the best bit is the staff. Both Patricia and Rolando were not only friendly, but also extremely helpful in giving us directions and advice or in dealing with problems that we had with our pre-booked tickets for the Uffizi gallery. Very good experience.If you go to Florence, I would really recommend this hotel as a very safe bet.Miguel

Agree with positive reviews I agree with the positive comments. I believe the name of the name of the woman at reception was Gemma, and she was terrific. There were 4 of us in two standard rooms and everyone enjoyed our brief stay. I would not hesitate to stay there again.

Cigarette smoke everywhere We booked this hotel as it was reasonably priced, and the hotel we were staying at was booked. We stay exclusively in Holiday Inn hotels, so we figured this would be ok, despite the reports of the location on Trip Advisor. Even though this hotel is a little north of a very commercial part of Seattle, we really didn't have any problems with the location, as most of our site seeing was away from this area. This appeared to be a newer hotel, but had the oldest beds out of any HI Express we have ever stayed in. They were so worn out you could hear the springs every time you moved.The biggest disappointment for us was that this hotel is not smoke free. If we would have known this we most likely would not have booked there. Even though we were in the room farthest from the smoking wing we could still smell smoke in our room (as I'm sure any non-smoker could) which was quite unpleasant. Not to mention we weren't thrilled about having our children exposed to the smoke. We have nothing against smokers, but the hotel would probably be better off to have complete floors smoking or non-smoking, so the smell doesn't travel down the hallway.Two other minor inconveniences were the fact that there is only one washer and dryer for laundry and no business office (just a computer by the front desk). They do have a good size dining room for breakfast in the morning which was nice.Overall, it wasn't the worst hotel we've stayed in but we most likely would never stay here again due to the cigarette smoke and uncomfortable beds.

Nice hotel, old fashioned This hotel is old, as many things in SF, but we found it charming and comfortable enough. Our room was large and quiet, staff was nice and helpful and WIFI is free. Breakfast was OK, what you can expect from an 3*. The location is very central but you should be advised of some homeless/drunk people hanging around at 1-2 blocks to the south. We never had problems with them, but it could result frightening for older people.

Not quite found its soul yet Let me firstly say that there is nothing wrong at all about this hotel. It is in excellent condition (quite new I believe), the staff are friendly and helpful and the room we had was absolutely fine - especially the bed. It just seems to lack an identity and character which I expect will come in time.The location is not great as it sits on the busy Wilshire Boulevard (not noisy inside though) and it is a good walk to find somewhere to eat if you want to step out rather than eat in the restaurant which is soulless. The best place to go is up towards UCLA.Forget the pool - it seems to be an afterthought and barely gets the sun.

amazing hotel! A very good hotel in a good location if you want to experience Tokyo city! very close to the underground station and everything is in walking distance to the hotel. Food and drink in the hotel was expensive but you can get a nice meal in walking distance from the hotel.Room was very clean and modern with all the essentials. Well worth a stay!

A quirky makeover You get the feeling that the Hotel Tomo has been on the end of a extreme makeover. Someone has rushed in there one morning and decided to turn it Japanese by sticking up murals in each room, replacing dated furniture with trendy minimalism and putting Japanese soap in the bathrooms. It is mostly cosmetic, and underneath it is simply a Best Western, but enough quirky coolness to make for an interesting stay. The rooms are extremely comfy and there are some nice extras like the docking station for an iPod. The sports channels on our TV were faulty and front desk failed to fix it (probably to the relief of my girlfriend) but they were exceptionally friendly so let them off.Location wise, close to a number of bus routes so you can get to different areas like Castro or Downtown with ease. And, it should go without saying, but the perfect place to stay if you want to eat lots and lots of great Japanese food. Especially at the bakery across the road.

25th anniversary choice The Keppler is as advertised. We arrived, jet-lagged and shown to an executive room which smelled of smoke. Not the greatest of introductions, but the hotel made it right. They put us in a suite that night but then had to move the next day (sad - the suite was really nice. Even had a view of the Eiffel Tower). As it was our 25th anniversary, a nice bottle of bubbly was chilling in our room when we arrived.We ended up in an Executive Room on the 3rd floor. It faced the courtyard which is actually quite pleasant. Without exaggeration, it was THE QUIETEST room I've ever stayed in. I can say that because I travel with a mini recording studio and microphone. The air-conditioning seeps through an unobtrusive vent above the bed and doesn't make a sound either.A real bonus for me and my midnight recording session hookups back to the States.The staff was fabulous. Especially Phillipe. You might think this strange, but we never even looked at the breakfast room. Its not that I'm cheap. Well, okay, so I'm a little cheap... but I really prefer eating the way the locals do. We walked down the street to a cafe for the BEST croissants I've ever had. So much so that I actually preferred the plain to the chocolate! Oops- sidetracked. I just couldn't bring myself to spend 22 Euros PER PERSON for breakie... Oh, and maybe some of that is because if you need internet which I did - it's expensive too. 88 Euros for 5 days or 22 per day (ouch).Despite this the stay was fantastic and I highly recommend this hotel. The fabrics, decor and cleanliness where stellar. And this is coming from an EXTREMELY picky hotel guest. Strange thing - the street is RUE KEPLER, but the hotel is spelled KEPPLER (two P's). Strange indeed.PS - just down the street is VELIB the Paris bike rental system. DO IT. It's really fun and easy.PPS - Try a Parisian macaroon. anywhere. Two places I can highly recommend for them are PAULS (multiple locations) and the mother of macaroon shops on the Champs, LADUREE. WOW.

Father/Son 2-nighter bathroom

Best hotel yet. I have stayed in hotels all over the world, mostly 4 and 5 star places for work and I am yet to experience another place of the same quality as this. It is not the most luxurious or the grandest but they have the best service I have ever come across, really nice rooms and free wi-fi. If you stay here in Florence you are missing out. Within hours of booking I received a personalised email from the owner, Fabrizio, offering assistance with anything I required with my stay, I took him up on his offer and he booked me some museum tickets at no charge- when I got there he advised me that there had not been many people at that museum that afternoon (unusual) and I could save money using another entry method instead of the reservation he had made for me saving us the additional cost. He also spent time explaining to us all the things to do and the most efficient method to achieve what we want and gave us maps in the process. He had personally looked out for our welfare and we were grateful, this is the sort of service that you can receive at this hotel- in a modern world this place is a breath of fresh air. Free wi-fi, including a free computer in the room, we had our own computer so he gave us two log-on codes for both computers free.Free movies or games.Huge room by any standards and very clean and comfortableFree wine and nibbles in the bar at an appointed time in the evening designed to allow the guest to meet and chat.When we arrived in this hotel we had been travelling for a while and been in and out of many other hotels and this place shocked us with the fabulous service. Another thing, we suffered a bit of a family emergency and had to travel back to London and Fabrizio helped us out with anything we required and was very understanding and courteous. If you are in Florence stay anywhere else.

Beyond Reproach One expects high standards from Ritz and San Juan delivers.What I liked most about this incredible resort was informal elegance. As a beach resort and with today's more casual market this property excels.Front office, housekeeping and food service people were all pro's. The mantra of Ladies and Gentleman serving Ladies and Gentleman is alive and well here.Keep up the great work!

Great Resort for a Fantastic Price Had a fantastic time at this huge resort.Almost too big as it takes 3-4 days to learn the layout.For price we paid how can anyone complain. Room was dated but clean. Shower pressure was good.Bed was hard not so comfortable.Service at check in was OK. Staff generally tries real hard. Tons of Europeans and very few Americans and Canadians. We tipped well and the staff deserved every cent. Drinks refilled constantly and with good local rums and beer. Casino and Hemingways bars have Bombay, Red Label, Dewars and other Medium Shelf liquors.Food was plentiful, buffets had much variety. Do not miss the Dominican night on Thursday it is fantastic. La Catherdral is the best buffet houe out of the 4 different buffet restaurants.Ala Cartes were OK, service slow but plate presentation was fine. Il Quijote was very good for Paella.Pools were fantastic, beach great and Sports bar was great for munchies after midnight.All in all a great place for family.For those whining and complaining when you travel abroad food expectations and room products vary greatly. Americans tend to eat twice as much than our cousins across the pond and it shows when you are at the pool. Unless you're paying more than $200 per person per day then I would be very happy with the Palladium.Staff work real hard and it is easier to tip big at beginning at pool bar as opposed to carrying singles in the water. We did so at Palace pool, Willy was fantastic and took great care of the 8 of us for all week.Speak some Spanish and do not expect too many workers to speak English. When in Rome...As far as Animation team goes they try hard but need some polish.Surrounding area, well there isn't any. A few run down shops and bodegas. There is no town to speak of.I would recommend for a family or large group of friends.

Can't complain about this place.... Stayed Monday to Friday last week and thoroughly enjoyed both the hotel Barcelona. Hotel facilities are very good, lovely rooms, good breakfast, staff were very pleasant and helpful to us.I can certainly recommend this hotel. Go to 'El Glop' in for a lovely meal.

Nice but not 5 star. Great location lovely features. Can't agree with reviews about good service - once booked in I felt we were forgotten. Maybe Spanish 5 star but this hotel is probably 3 star plus for us Brits. E-mailed hotel twice before I arrived explaining we were celebrating our silver anniversary was surprising my wife with choice of hotel to help arrange restaurant bookings upgrade rooms - both e-mails were ignored. Towels bath-robes hard not fluffy like they should be. No tea/coffee making facilities disappointing. Our first visit to Barcelona was still fantastic - will return but not to the Majestic.

A real nice place to stay. Enjoyed my stay would certainly recommend it. Only complaint was my bill - overcharged by $800 for a 5 night stay, but this was rectified very promptly. Rooms are lovely but not tea/coffee making facilities in rooms facing ground zero.

hotel disaster restaurant seems nice downstairs and reception. then you arrive in the room ripped carpet, cowboys for plumbers toilet was about 7inches off the wall and the heaters that bearly worked were hanging on and no more. the curtians if thats what they call them were okay to be honest. beds were single and pushed together but not bad for a nights sleep!! the furniture, i.e drawers and chairs, were all broken or hanging together. the fire alarms in our rooms were either wrapped with a condom or stuffed with tissues to stop the smoke!! managerial staff were not helpful and rather aggressive towards us!!!! this is only from group of 18 yr olds looking for place to stay for party weekend but this was a rip off!!!! beware!!!

Very nice stay We stayed at the Luana as the second week of two weeks in Hawaii. This was a Fairfield exchange. We were given a studio which faced to the west toward the park and downtown Honolulu. The unit was very comfortable and the staff was helpful and friendly.The hotel is about 3-4 blocks from the beach which took about 10 minutes to walk. They provide beach towels so you don't need to take your own. We obtained supplies from the ABC stores which are everywhere. We ate at the Shorebird in the Outrigger Reef hotel and at the Cheesecake Factory, which is about a half mile from the Luana. We did not rent a car and walked to the areas of interest or took the tours. We did a tour for the Pearl Harbor/Arizona Memorial.The stay was very good and would recommend it to anyone.

Hop round the corner The Marriott Hotel College Street Sydney was right up to expectations. The staff are particularly customer aware and friendly. The hotel is well situated to the central CDB and the stroll across Hyde Park each morning and evening was very pleasant . Just a little gtrizzle- the In Room internet charge is too expensive. AUD$29.00 per 24/7. Don't connect- hop round the corner to the Vodafone internet cafe. Very clean and well set out. $2.00 for 30mins. All I needed for checking email etc.Some nice restuarants nearby, Oxford Street has many, but the street is dirty and though I did not feel unsafe, it seems to be the gathering place for the gay and lesbian people and the homeless. The Museum Station ( underground rail) is on opposite corner of Hyde Park and ideal for taking the Airport train to Sydney Airport. $14.00 one way.Would recommend Marriott for visitors wanting centrally located accomodation and adjacent facilities.

Excellent hotel We also spent 5 nights in the Apsis Arenea; got the same rate as previous reviewer; excellent value - great breakfast; central yet quiet location. Got a nice clean room on second floor- spacious, modern.

superb hotel great little hotel in a superb area.you do get some noise from the street, but not much and we actually like the noise.

Great stay Lovely hotel right on the beach. Nice bedrooms and great breakfasts.The staff were very friendly and the beach was mostly deserted. Recommended

Very Luxurious We booked this hotel for 7 nights through British Airways for a cost of around for 2 adults. Our room was very spacious - we had booked a standard room but I think we were probably given a larger than average room. There was a small lobby area to the room and the bathroom was perhaps the largest I've ever seen! Nothing was too much trouble for the staff, who were fairly consistently excellent (with the exception of one waitress in the Star Lounge who hurried everything and was quite rude). The hotel decor is tasteful, and the relativley small lobby and reception area gives the hotel a personal feel that other five star hotels often lack. My only real complaint is the exorbitant cost of food and drink if you eat in the hotel - other than that, our stay was almost faultless.

Off the main path, but easy to get downtown We spent nearly a week in this hotel for a convention. I selected it from a list of possibilities from the convention's housing bureau. I have been to Amsterdam may times before, and I know that I wanted a hotel that was not in the heart of the tourist area. I also wanted a hotel that was closer to the Rai Convention Center. These are both true for this Bastion hotel.Location: This hotel is between two tram stops (lines 1 and 17, stops Surinameplein and Derkinderenstraat) and about a 15-minute walk from the Lelylaan Metro station. The tram stops are about 10 minutes either way. The location is a little isolated, so if you don't like to walk in a business area, choose another location. I always felt safe, even when walking at night, but I'm a 6' 1 man. Likewise, if you don't want to walk, this is not the hotel for you.While Amsterdam is a major city, the central area is actually rather compact. Twice during our stay we walked from Centraal Station to the hotel. It takes a while, but it's not impossible.Services: There are no other restaurants next to the hotel. There are some (mostly snack stops) near Surinameplein, but that's at least a 15-minute walk. You can always take a tram to another part of town.The hotel has a restaurant with a short menu. We ate here twice during our stay. The food was good and the portions were larger than I usually see at European hotels.Breakfast is not included in the room charge. My room rate for a double was 101 Euros per night, plus 12 Euros per person for breakfast. The breakfast buffet is typical of those in Europe with breads, rolls, cheeses, sliced meats, fruit, cereal, boiled eggs and scrambled eggs and bacon.I like to send postcards during my trips, and I found a post office just beyond the Lelylaan Metro station. As you leave the hotel and walk toward the Metro station on Schipluidenlaan, walk under the train overpass. The road name changes to Pieter Calandlaan. There is a row of shops on the left side of the street, and behind them is a post office (Post Kantoor).Staff: All of them were mostly helpful. I did not receive any worthwhile restaurant suggestions from the people I asked. They all said to take the tram to the busy areas of town. Except for one person, I felt that they were all at work just to earn a paycheck and not there because they enjoyed working with people.There is a secured parking lot available for a daily fee. Lots of parking is available on the street, although the hotel suggests using the secured lot. I did not see any signs of crime on the street, but the somewhat isolated location makes it a good spot for potential trouble.There is a construction project in progress across the street. I don't know what it being built. The construction vehicles did not interrupt our stay in the evenings and at night. However, at 8 a.m., the pile driver started hammering. We had an early start each morning, so this did not affect us. (CS)

An odd name but a good value Located right next to the Calder Race Track and up the road from the Miami Pro Player football stadium, this hotel shows that you can't judge a book by its cover. From the outside, this building does not look like it would offer much for a hotel. It's painted in an odd dark pink color. There are statues like those from a Roman bath placed around the property. I booked a room for one night through an online service because the rate was decent and the posted reviews said that it was ok. When I arrived I was concerned that I made a mistake.Once inside, I was pleasantly surprised. The lobby welcomes you. The small front desk is clean and orderly, and I was helped immediately by a courteous man. Once inside the room, I found a clean space with a microwave, mini fridge and two queen beds. The bathroom looks like it was updated fairly recently. The air conditioner has an electronic thermostat, so it was easy to find a comfortable temperature.I wanted a hotel near the Ft. Lauderdale airport so I would not have to drive very far for my early morning flight. According to my GPS, the hotel is 14 miles from the airport. That's not exactly next door, but it was an easy drive.There are several restaurants about 0.5 miles north of the hotel. There is easy access to the Florida Turnpike. The hotel entrance is on County Line Road, and entrance and exit is only possible from the Eastbound lane. U-turns are not allowed at the County Line Road intersection heading west, so turn left (south) onto NW 27th Ave. (Unity Drive) and make the U-turn there.The hotel says that it has free wireless Internet access in all the rooms, but it did not work during my visit. My room was on the third floor. When I called the front desk to ask if there was a problem, it was suggested that I come to the lobby and use it. A practical alternative, but not the ideal solution at midnight.I booked the room through Bookit.com, which had the best posted rate available.The even-numbered rooms face the race track, and if you want to watch a race from your room, be sure that you are on at least the fourth floor to clear the trees. (CS)

Excellent business choice I stayed at the Courtyard for four nights for a convention at the Moscone Center. I chose the Courtyard because it was less expensive than other business and branded hotels within a few blocks of the convention center. I booked through the Marriott website and had a rate of $199 per night.The hotel looks to be newer. Everything is clean and working perfectly. The lobby is inviting. My room was on the 8th floor and faced northwest. My room had a king-sized bed, a couch (pull-out sleeper), and a desk. The room was comfortable and had plenty of room. The bathroom was also larger than I expected, but it looks to be ADA compliant, hence the extra room. The bed was comfortable, and there were plenty of pillows.The hotel was quiet. I never heard any noise outside my room. The desk staff was friendly and helpful. Check-in was quick. I asked for a restaurant suggestions one night, and I was given several options from which to choose.The hotel is 2.5 blocks from the entrance to the Moscone Center. It's 3 blocks from Market Street and the Montgomery BART station. There are plenty of restaurants within a few blocks.While I think nearly $200 is a high price for a hotel room, this was cheaper than many rooms in the area, so I will consider it a good value based on the local market.I reserve giving a full 5 rating for truly exceptional stays and values, and this Courtyard comes very close. This hotel has easily earned my rating of 4 and then some. I would definitely stay here again. (CS)

Good alternative to other hotels in the area I attended a convention at the Hilton Anatole Hotel, and wanted to watch my budget for the three-night stay. Rooms at the Garden Inn were about $25/night cheaper than the Hilton Anatole, and the Garden Inn is across the street, so I figured that it would be a good compromise. I have stayed at other Garden Inn hotels, so I had an idea what to expect.The Garden Inn is like other Garden Inns. The lobby is spacious, the room was large and clean. It's near the freeway, but outside noise was not a problem. My room did not face the highway. The room was also secure.Walking across the street is not a major problem, but I had to cross the entire Hilton Anatole parking lot in a suit on a hot September day. I did not have to make trips to and from the Anatole and the Garden Inn, so it was not a problem for me, but plan accordingly if you are making the budget-minded move.The staff was about the best I have ever experienced. They were all friendly, courteous, and ready to help; even with offering me a ride in the hotel van to the Post Office about a mile away.Decent business value and top-notch staff make this a good hotel to return to. (CS)

Good Hotel and a very pleasant stay at the Elysees Regencia We stayed at the Elysees Regencia in a (green) deluxe room (47) from Jan 2 til Jan 5, based on TripAdvisor's reviews. To summarize our experience with the Elysees Regencia: it is a very fine hotel.Some pro's:* nice staff, that will help you with booking restaurants* good location (close to the Champs Elysees, subway station nearby (George V))* nice, clean and quite spacious (for Paris!) room. Nice touch: during the day the room is organized (with the green pillows)differently than in the evening (set up for bedtime, with a chocolate and refreshing towel on your pillow). Bathroom (marbled) is ok, with bathrobes slippers and l'Occitane tolietry. The bath itself is a bit on the small side though (no problem for us, though)* a very good feature is the separate toilet from the bath* on arrival, we received a Paris tourist guide and a map (we didn't need it though, since we brought our own and we do know Paris a bitA con* you do hear a bit of street noise (traffic noise from the Avenue Marceau), though it didn't bother us reallySince we woke up quite late, we cannot say how breakfast was (breakfast being served til 1030 am).We would definitely return here.

great stay, fab location Stayed in the Handlery for 4 nights as part of our Honeymoon. the rooms were a great size, we got upgraded to a bigger room with a champange fruit basket waiting for us. The staff were brilliant, very helpful and pointing us in the right direction of were to go in the city. The hotel is old but thats just part of the experiance. the hotel was spotless, the location was out of this world, right next to Union Sq. Would recommend to every one

Fantastic Hotel I was very pleased with this hotel. The size of the room is very much suitable for 2, but deluxe for 1 person. There is one chair in the room, with a desk, telephone/alarm clock/radio and lamps on each side of the bed. Light swiches for the main ceiling light are located next to the room door, and on one side of the bed. A kettle is supplied, as well as tea, coffee, sugar and milk. Windows are not open-able, but the rooms have air conditioning, with a swich where the room temperature can be set. The television has 6 channels: 7, 9, 10, ABC, SBS and a Tourist Channel. Pay per view movies are available for $14.95 each as well as 4 adult channels. The bathroom has a small shower, with a clothesline which is placeable between the walls of the shower. There is also a regular sized sink and a hair dryer.A small fridge that is empty (no mini-bar when I stayed there) is located under the TV.Then the usual you would expect from a hotel: About 5 towels of different sizes, 2 small bars of good quality soap, 1 packet of shampoo, 1 packet of conditioner, shower cap and a sanitary bag. An iron and a large ironing board are also supplied as well as an extra blanket.I loved this hotel and I would definately stay in it again in the future.

Great Location Great location, walking distance to local attractions like the Space Needle and Science Museum. The hotel is also a block away from a great Safeway's Supermarket and a number of food outlets. The room was clean, with a firm bed and one chair near a desk. This is great if you were single but as a couple, one of us had to enjoy a meal sitting on the bed. The microwave, fridge and coffee / tea maker were appreciated as no breakfast was available. Free coffee and tea sachets were provided. There were however no plates or bowls so eating-in was difficult.To travel downtown, take either the mono-rail or bus. The bus on First Ave was very convenient and cheap. We used the free bus service in town to see the various places of interets.Tip: Buy food and drinks at the Safeways supermarket and save yourself a packet. They had lovely hot dishes and salads and you were allowed to use their cafe section to eat your pre paid food, purchased in the supermarket.

Very good hotel for Paris Hotels in Paris can be so hit and miss. The Ares Eiffel is definitely a hit. Front desk staff were helpful and friendly, and the room was nicely furnished with a very comfortable bed and excellent show. Parisien hotel rooms are never going to be very large and this room was no exception, but there was room either side of the double bed and the bathroom was far from cramped.I loved the free wireless internet and internet on the BO television, but it was a pity that certain English language television stations were not working. Only CNN was available.I did not have breakfast at the hotel, so cannot comment on that.Although my room was at the front of the hotel on the 3rd floor, it was not at all noisy from outside. The road on which the hotel sits is quiet and residential. The wooden floorboards meant that there was some noise from above when people walked around with their shoes on. I guess that might have been annoying if I had been there for a long time but for two nights was no big deal.The nearby metro station is very well connected to the network, and although this hotel is not smack bang in the middle of the city it is very easy to get everywhere in Paris that you might want to go.I was very impressed and would certainly return to this hotel.

Consistantly brilliant After a few stays, this hotel is consistantly brilliant. Staff is friendly and always helpful. Location is great for business travelors to the financial district.

nice location bad staff I have never been to a hotel that was so money hungry. they wanted extra money for everything, parking, luggage, internet, etc. You better go with a lot of small bills for tips.I am a diabetic and when I asked about refridgeration for my medicine I was told that they charge $20/day to use thier fridge, ice was not available on every floor. When I tried to check in they had given my room away and I had to pay an upgrade charge to get a room similar to the one I booked weeks ago.The staff at the front desk in snooty, much of the rest of the staff are not nice.I was forced to stay here because my business meeting was here, I will consider commuting from another hotel if I have to return.

Overrated for 5 stars Oberoi Villa Courtyard

Great location, Friendly staff I just got back from a week in Puerto Rico, and it was wonderful. While the 1st 3 days were paid for by the company, I spent 3 additonal days on my own. One night was spent at Casa Alta Vista. It was clean and comfortable, and the staff was very accomodating. Dan the Man was very helpful as was Mark. I could walk to the local attractions, but recommend a vehicle if you want to explore Red or Blue Beach or other parts of the island. It is a small hotel with a personal touch that really is welcome in today's bigger is better attitude. I would stay there again and wish I had more time this trip. My girlfriend really enjoyed sitting on the balcony in the morning drinking coffee (or beer in the evening.0

The Best Hotel! This is my favorite hotel in the world!Absolutely beautiful rooms, generously sized and amazingly appointed.We stayed here two years ago, were very, very impressed with the quality of the rooms and the amazing friendliness of the staff. This year, we stayed in the annex (a misnomer - this is the newly renovated section of the hotel, a 500 year old building with its own bridge off its beautiful courtyard (used for breakfast) over its canal, where the rooms are even more beautiful than in the original section. The owners, Sandro and Walter, are wonderfully friendly and helpful, and seem more like old friends than hoteliers.Especially interesting to me was the quality of their renovation: the wood work (baseboards, moldings, doors, etc., was of such high quality that I despair of ever finding furniture so well finished in the USA, let alone woodworking. The hotel is located within 50 yards of the St. Stae Vaporetto stop, in a non-tourist area (a big plus for us), yet very convenient for reaching all other popular parts of the city. The neighborhood is very relaxing, a good place to go after the crowds in San Marco. Some very good restaurants are located within walking distance, and we were able to walk to several of the Scuolae with the most important art work in Venice.I plan to return to this hotel each time we come back to Europe.

Good Place And Value For Money, Greece The hotel is close to metro station, is not noisy, it was very clean, near rue du cler (a very beautiful street). room was not spacious but it was not a problem. Rooms are renovated.

Modern, clean, convenient Hays Galleria at night (nearby)

Great management staff, but the night wine bar staff has an attitude We stayed for a total of 4 nights, 2 prior to our cruise and 2 after. The check-in took all of 30 seconds and was a pleasure to deal with. The bell/concierge staff was absolutely the best. The rooms were very well kept and nicely appointed. The only real problem is street noise from the street cars and motorcycles. The hotel is fairly in the center of all attractions of the wharf and is easy walking walking distance from everything. The lady that is in 'Espressi' in the evenings has an attitude that is not in keeping with the rest of the staff. I had a billing question on check out. The manager handled it immediately and without question. Needless to say, when we go back to 'Frisco' we will stay at the Sheraton.

Not able to sleep! This hotel looks nice inside, but watch out for where your room is located. On the top floor, there is no air conditioning and all the hotel does for you after you have been up all nught is give you a free breakfast.They admit the system is old and does not work. I would not recommend staying there.

Great Location and nice accomodations Hotel from the Street

Not the same anymore We recently stayed at the Ungherese and found that it had changed a good bit since the previous manager, Sabrina, left. The stafff is nowhere as warm as she was and outside of the manager who wasn't here much, no one spoke any English. Even as we arrived we felt as if the woman checking us in was an inquisitor giving us the feeling we had not booked a room. We had even requested that first floor room as we liked having the balcony off of our room. But this time,we too were bothered by the staff talking on the phone til well past midnight. One night as we came back to the hotel, the person at the desk was on the phone and just buzzed us in without a greeting and continued to talk on the phone for another hour and we could hear every word in our room. We found the general upkeep of the hotel to be so much less than last time. The staff seems to work hard but doesn't have the same sense of the little things that matter . Cigarette butts were never emptied from ashtrays, vacuuming starts too early in the morning etc and the breakfast buffet was missing several items that was on it last time. The worst part was when the room flooded due to that shower. I was blithley showering not noticing the water was up to my ankles as the drain didn't drain. I was stuck in there for ten minutes trying to let it go down before opening the door. When i did open it -I found that it had gone all over our room and into the hallway. And when I called the manager, she was quite upset--sying how did this happen -no offer to help us in our room-just started throwing towels down in the lobby and giving us towels to clean our room ourselves. And worse-she told me that it was impossible that the flood occured as I said it did. And I see from another reviewer that just a few weeks earlier they also had the same experience so she obviously knew there was a problem.I think this hotel is just ok is you get an upstairs room. We didn't have any trouble finding it as we had a GPS and had been there 2 years earlier. It is very convenient for taking the bus to the heart of the city and one of the few hotels that we found that you can park the car reasonably. But even here, we found it different than last time as then we were allowed to park on the street and this time had to park it in a garage a few doors away. I am not sure that we would ever stay there again

Locations, Locations, Locations! We booked the hotel through online agent, and being family with 2 young children, as usual booked a triple room for three. Turns out the hotel have a policy of maximum allowable number of people in one room - but was resolved, and we were helped by adding a mattress. With the price we're paying, we expected a teeny-tiny room with a broomcloset-like bathroom/shower as with other hotels in Europe. I braced myself for having to do acrobatic tricks while taking a shower to cope with the cramped quarters. The room was quite small but not as small as the ones we had in London hotels with the same price, and found - surprise, surprise! - a (small) full bathroom with bathtub, that even have a bidet! It's true that the decors are too pinkish and flowery for my taste but who wants to stay in their hotel room and stare at the wall for too long in lively Barcelona? Furnitures are cloth covered plastic - but we only use them to dump our backpacks on when we were sleeping anyway! We opted for a room overlooking the Ramblas and we're glad we did. The view was magnificent and if you want you can stay for hours looking at the passing crowd and street performers below. Locations is everything for a hotel. Continental Barcelona is at the North end of Las Ramblas, only a few yards away from Plaza Catalunya, Barri Gothic, Metro, El Corte Ingles Dept. Store, Carreour Express, the stop for Barcelona Tour Bus and endless shops along Las Ramblas. Hard Rock Cafe and Starbucks is just around the corner so this one has a perfect location to start your adventure in Barcelona! Being family with children, we love the convenience of having the 24 hour snack and drinks at the hotel. No more rushing to the supermarket for evening milk for the kids while we were there! On Christmas day they even handed out free champagne for guests! The staff are very friendly, polite and helpful and they will go out of their way to make things work for you. Cristina, Peter and others at the front desk will make sure you have all that you need, and help out with enquiries on what to see and where to go in the city, even handed out the brochures for some of the local attractions. They were very helpful and caring, and help with taxi orders even after we have checked out from there! We will definitely stay there again the next time we visit Barcelona after our experience with the hotel.

Another amazing stay at Hard Rock Bali Stayed at hard Rock Kuta Bali late August for 4 nights. Been there for quite a few times and found it's still the same old HR Hotel we love. Booking made through hotel website, easy and fast. Got the package that included additional breakfast for children and airport transfer. A good deal. Airport pick-up was fast and efficient. Check-in was a breeze, the staff very polite and helpful. Since we've been here a couple times, they already have my data in their system that makes check-in extra fast! Also a welcome card from the hotel manager was in our room to greet us. Looks like they valued their loyal customers here. Breakfast was the usual crowded affair, however we've always been able to get seats. Food selection is very good, and gets replenished regularly. However the ratio of staff to customers in the restaurant that seems to be on the low side. It takes a long time to get your tea or coffee refilled, since they always seems to ran out of it every couple of minutes. The huge swimming pool was very nice with a sandy beach section and swim-up bar, sand volleyball court and daily activities, and their staff around the pool were as helpful and courteous as always. The cabanas around the pool are just as amazing as we remembered. You can lounge around and relax in there for a whole day in between taking dips in the swimming pool's crystal clear warm water. Food service from the poolside bar is quite fast and tasty. Last year my daughter and I took surfing lessons from the hotel's surfing school. This time we have another go at it and the same people who helped us last year were there to help us having fun on the beach, teaching us new tricks and encouraging us to try some new variations. The bar at the entrance of the hotel, the Centerstage, has a nightly performances by some very good bands. The atmosphere is very relaxed, and it's a great place to just chill in the evening after the children were put in bed. The Hard Rock Cafe is attached to the hotel's swimming pool. The food selection is good and they come in big portions. The best thing to do for lunch there is to dine al fresco in the back patio overlooking the pool. If you want variation, a few steps from the hotel there are gazillions of restaurants and eateries around the place. There are some convenience stores very close to the hotel in case you need additional snack and/or drink. Looks like the hotel tried to add 'funky' gimmicks to attract customers. This year they have just added a wallclimbing facility to the list of their things to do in the hotel. We didn't use the facility at this time, but plan to the next time we're there. Check out was done very fast, the airport transfer left on time and the driver was very helpful with all our luggage (which had expand and even gave birth to some other bags).We've seen quite some familiar faces among the staff from our previous visits. It seems that the management did a good job of retaining a very happy staff, and in turn they are going out of their way trying to please their customers! Staff at the Deli even let us use the internet for free at one time after we bought some ice cream.

Great Hotel Cannot speak highly enough about the hotel having stayed there in August 2008. The building and the decor are stunning and the location was ideal for our 3 day trip to the city. The hotel is on the tram line so you can get into the City Centre in 10 mins or so although we walked which only took 20 mins. It is very close to the Van Gogh museum and in the immediate area are plenty of really nice, good quality restaurants that are populated by locals and are certainly not the tourist traps found in the city. Reading many of the reviews complaining about the staff rooms etc I would probably say that if you are very fussy/stuffy and are looking for a traditional 5* hotel this may not be for you. That said we had no problem with the staff who were young, yes, but all very competent and enthusiastic and happy to serve. The terrace bar in early evening was lovely for a drink before dinner after a long day walking the city. If I were to come again, and if I stayed in Amsterdam again it would be here, I would probably not bother paying the 20 Euros extra for a superior double room over the standard double. The only difference seems to be a bit more space and a bath rather than a shower. Overall great boutique hotel in a top location that I would have no hesitation to recommend to family and friends.

Delivered what it promised (top hotel) I booked online using the hotel website (it was the only way where I found a very convenient family package for a Saturday night stay, called Escape! Family Package which included, buffet breakfast and a welcome amenity). My wife, two children (ages 3 and 7) and I were in one of the larger guest corner rooms with two queen beds, including access to the executive floor. On arrival we were greeted in our room by a large basket of fresh fruit and in the evening we got one complimentary pizza for each (just watch ouot that the room delivery is not complimentary, so it is charged). We requested a babysitter to take care of the kids on Sat night and even though it took several days of emailing and calling the hotel they finally confirmed it the day before. Once you get to talk to the hotel Concierge you are done, so don't talk with the lobby.In general the service is wonderful and the hotel is at the level of a 5-star hotel. It was an expensive weekend get-away with the family but worth every penny.Finally, I think the hotel works great for business travelers. Apart from the obvious things it is located in front of a tram stop and across the street there's a very big fair-exhibition site complex.

Best Hotel To Date View from my balcony (27th floor)

Different way of living We were there from 12-6 through 12-13. We had good flighs from the U.S.A. I had arranged for transportation from our resort several days before we left. It is highly recommended. There are no road or street signs after you are out of the airport. No stop lights either. Hang on for a ride of your life. Resort-- it was very nice, our room was #210 what a view, very nice room. Everything worked really good, good water pressure. King size bed also. Cayena is the small part of the resort,it is right on the beach. small pool and it has its own Restaurant( Elcano) and only the people staying there can use it. The people at the larger part can not and the beach area is the same. They do monitor the beach,pool and restaurant. Food-- Well if you like luke warm to cold food you will love the food. All the buffets had luke warm food.The International restaurant that served fish was good.The deep fried Flounder was hot. The sea food place and the Italian place switched every other night. Remember this is a 3rd world country, there are no food regulations on how to wash dishes or cook food or what temperature the food needs to be cooked at. I asked 1 time if my meal could be cooked longer and the plate came hotter and the food was still cold. Bacon, pancakes, french toast, potato's everything was cold. There was this hot dish that no one had touched all the time we were their in the same pan that was brought out every day. They do not waste food. Cooks wash pans with luke warm water, than wipe them with paper towels. They use oil a lot when cooking.Utensils are put in a 5 gal pail of water then wipe off and reuse them. I had 3 days of bad stomach and wife had a bladder infection 4 days, it was not caused by S-X either. People-- are very very nice their. I would advise people from the USA to learn some spanish so you can communicate better with them. Every one was very helpful when my wife got sick. You can order any medication without seeing a doctor you want and they will send it over, but there are no instructions that come with it. Thanks to a college graduate from Yale that was to become a pharmacist that told my wife what to order and how many to take and when to take it, she made it though the vacation. Beach-- is very nice. Excursions-- the one where you go to a school, coco plantation, sugar cane plantation, cigar place and visit a actual home is a very good eye opener. Expect to spend around 9 hours for this trip and very bumpy. You really get to see how people in that counrty live and you can be thankful for what you have. My wife and I did bring some school supllies and clothes for kids at the orphange(ninosdecristo.com) that Melanie( works at the receptionist desk)helps out with. They can use what ever you can bring. We also tipped the bartenders and cleaning service, a couple of dollars goes a long ways, not many people did. These people do not make a lot of money. Over all it was Ok, I just wished the food would have been hotter and better tasting.

Above average Stayed for 8 nights on business, great location in downtown Singapore just off Orchard Road and near to a MRT station. Was upgraded to a premium room on arrival. Mini bar free and re stocked daily, beds luxuriously comfortable and great shower. Staff are friendly and efficient. Breakfast is a good buffet choice daily, room service choice isn't particularly good. Overall enjoyed the stay and would recommend the hotel.

Loved the Hyatt-Madeline The hotel was terrific! Courteous and helpful staff along with a wonderful location makes this hotel exceptional. Room and bath were beautiful. We will definitely return to the Paris Hyatt-Madeline.

New York City at its Best My partner and I decided to see in the New Year in New York City, which we attempt to visit annually. In discussing where we would stay, we decided on the Mandarin Oriental at Columbus Circle in the Time Warner Building. This was our first visit to the property and we will return many times in the future. In every way, the property and the staff achieved a 6 star level of service; within minutes of our arrival from LaGuardia via the hotel's car service, door staff, front desk staff and management were all greeting us by name! Our guest room on the 53rd floor overlooking the Hudson River, while not oversized, had a beautiful bathroom and was appointed. The bed was very comfortable and in ever way, our guest room met our every expectation. During our 6 night stay, frequently, the doorman would offer us the hotel's car service to the theatre and restaurants! The hotel's proximity to Central Park was a great advantage and we enjoyed our morning walks in the park. A great way to spend a holiday; thanks to everyone at Mandarin Oriental for making our stay so memorable.

Great value my room

Pleasant Stay, Friendly Staff This hotel was great - friendly staff, great location to subway, and really close to Notre Dame. As a single female traveler I felt really safe in the hotel and the surrounding area. I would definitely recommend this hotel and would stay there again. A minor problem was the air conditioner was leaking and the dripping was a bit noisy, however this was promised to be fixed.

It's not great... but it is cheap. And clean, quiet and safe. Stayed here a year ago, as part of attending a conference. Was it an exceptional hotel? No, it was not. But it was a cheap hotel. And it was clean, quiet and safe. And for the price, what more should you ask for?It's in a seedy area, so walking late at night is a bit iffy. It's quite rundown looking, both inside and out. Internet is provided, as is free parking.I'll be in SF for another conference in a month, and I will be returning to this hotel - which tells you a bit about how I feel about this place.

Everything it is Cranked Up to Be! Great hotel! First time -- even though I did not require or use them -- I have EVER had a dishwasher, clothes washer and dryer in a hotel room (in addition to fridge, microwave, etc.). The room itself was very tastefully decorated and comfortable. I was on the 28th floor and enjoyed a lovely view of the Toronto's bristling skyline.I am a 68-year-old bachelor and a bit fussy. If I had had a bathtub -- in combination with or in addition to -- the shower in the bathroom, I would have been in heaven. I happen to prefer a tub or tub-shower combination to a shower. But it was a very nice shower.This hotel was everything the reviews said it would be and perhaps a bit more. It is centrally located (I walked from the train station to the hotel which was only two or three blocks away) and right near a metro station and lots of places to shop and eat. Toronto has an extensive underground shopping and dining mall. One can enter it directly from the lobby of the hotel.There is a suana, exercise room and pool, but since my visit was so short (3 days), I did not use them (but I did check them out). There was also free internet service on three computers in the lobby.I only had one meal in the hotel (room service is available): breakfast in its lobby. It was a lovely buffet with hot and cold selections, but (for me) slightly overpriced at aproximately US$20. Especially, when one can step out of the door or go down to the underground mall and find something much cheaper.The staff was polite and helpful. And my room was as silent as tomb. I highly recommend this hotel.

Good hotel With the exception of the, in my view expensive parking, this is a great hotel, good location, helpful staff, nice rooms, I did not eat thereso cannot comment.

Excellent Location, value for money Stayed at the Star Hotel in Shinjuku from 1 - 6 September 2007. I chose it primarily for its location and it sure didn't disappoint. Paid USD120 per night for our 5 night stay.The hotel is a 5 minute (or less) walk from Shinjuku Station. Those who know Tokyo would know that Shinjuku is a behemoth of a train station that purportedly serves 2 million passengers a day. After having experienced it, I can safely say that the statement is definitely true. If you take the Airport Limousine Bus service from Narita Airport, you will alight right at Shinjuku Station outside the Keio department store and (as previously mentioned) it will be a mere 5 minute walk to the hotel.The hotel lobby is on the second level of the building. Staff speaks decent English to be understood and knew what we were talking about. Staff attitude was pleasant though somewhat mechanical, I attribute it to the language barrier. We arrived just after 11am, but was told they are very strict about the check-in time of 1pm. We deposited our bags with reception and went about exploring the fascinating Shinjuku neighbourhood.We were given a room on the seventh floor. It was well appointed but tiny. The room had:-- queen size bed;- TV with only local channels;- empty mini refrigerator; and- attached rather low-ceiling bathroom with bathtub and bidet.There was no in-room safe, so take care to store your expensive items properly.There was no more room to walk once I open up my luggage on the floor area in front of the window. Despite its small size, the room was more than sufficient for our needs - who wants to stay in the room all day anyway?There is a vending machine in the lobby selling Haagen Daz ice cream and a vending machine on our floor selling drinks. We didn't try the restaurant on the same level as the lobby, our booking didn't include daily breakfast. There's a Pronto Cafe and another restaurant (which name I can't remember) on the ground floor of the same building.The hotel is less than 3 minutes from Kabuki-cho, the red-light district of Tokyo. Despite its less than desirable reputation, we found no trouble walking around the area even late at night. There was no discernible noise whatsoever from the proximity either.Other notable attractions within walking distance from the hotel are the countless countless eateries (there's no bad food in Tokyo!), shopping galore (several department stores ENCASE Shinjuku Station, not to mention the others like Takashimaya and Isetan) and the Tokyo Metropolitan Building for its free 45th floor observatory.A truly superbly located hotel at a great price (by Tokyo standards).

A tragically hip hotel Being less than a block from Times Square, Hotel QT is unmatched in its location. The hip design (a swimming pool in the lobby and a check-in counter that doubled up as a grocery store of sorts) will certainly appeal to the young.The room we stayed in, 1407, was very spacious. The fixtures were really modern and hip in design, it had a rain shower, Neutrogena toiletries, see-through refrigerator, in-room safe, LCD TV, cordless phone and really luxurious sheets.The safe in our room was locked in 'close' despite the door being left opened. It was a full 45 minutes and two phone calls to the front desk before a technician came along to rectify it. The LCD TV, though beautiful to look at, had a constant reception problem on some channels and the remote control was almost totally non-responsive. Perhaps it needed a battery change, but we didn't bother.There were absolutely no hooks of any kind in the bathroom area. Nowhere whatsoever to hang your towel as you're taking a shower. Perhaps hooks didn't match their hip design concept.Despite the minor flaws, we'd still recommend Hotel QT highly, for which other hotel can afford you the chance to have your breakfast at the bar?

Great Service at the Pool - Great Service by Front Office From front desk to back end this was a pleasant and enjoyable experience. I might have done as another and rented a car in retrospec since leaving the resort for any distance is difficult without one. Although, there is a little village just to the north along the parking lot path to some good local establishments, like Tommy's. Back at the resort, the island was very good with great facilities for water sports, good bar and sunning. One in the party did have a day on a hobby cat where the backstay broke, the operators were out in the water to help immedeately. That they were always watching was very good. On another occasion the last shuttle back to the resort was out of fuel anf the resort had to get other boats to transport many back to the resort. The best comment about this incident was by one of the ladies What a shame they have to give us two more hours in paridise. The resort gave a house credit to everyone and the GM was there to appologize to each guest. Very professional approach.Of special note were some of the most professional staff I have encountered at any property were here in the the front desk and in hospitallity.If there is any thing you needed to be done go straight to Ms Torres and Ms Bosque at the front desk, they must get my special mention. In hospitality Mr J Castro makes a really special Mojito at the Spalsh Bar at the pool. He has a wide range of concoctions and just remembewrs each guest. If he is not there be sure to say hello to Ms A Marquez and Mr J Lopez. These are the best hospitality staff I have meet besides those at the Moana Surfrider, my favorite hotel. Last was the casino, a very pleasant mix of locals and guests. It was just enought to keep you interested but a caution to all is that putting a $100 in the penny slot machine will mean you play forever. A couple of suggestions for the Management:The pool bar needs a couple of ceiling fans for summer circulation and one or two televisions to capture those who want the news or sports. Also light it up at night and keep it open until 9 or 10 pm. That would allow there to be anice afternoon happy hour say 3-5p that would keep people there longer. Might also put stools in the pool side. Food service to the pool should come from both locations instead of just the one bythe cabanas. We had an ocean view room with a great view of the entire resort and a direct walk to the pool and two floors down from the lobby. The steakhouse was delicious, beautifully prepared and presented. The Seafood was tremendous, especially the Sea Bass. Al in all it was great , thanks for a great get away - I will be back

Paris - A place to be in the center of things This was a very interesting hotel, as it resides on a small side street just around the corner from The Hotel Ritz and the Tulleries. The front desk personnel were fabulous, knowledgable of the area and exstemely professional. From here a must to visit - a short walk to The New York Harry's Bar whare for bourbon drinkers, they have Knob Creek Bourbon and good hot dogs. For a higher time there is the Hemingway Bar at the Ritz, be sure to get Collin the make you a special drink and empress the ladies. He is one of the top ten mixologists and his mixes will astound you. Besides that you will meet both tourists and locals. They will make your evening interesting at the least. At the holel ask about the little bistros down the street for breakfast and dinner, they are more that happy to introduce you to the neighborhood. That what makes this special along with the Irish Pud just across the street - food and drink is great. The turn down service was perfect, the room had a great bath with lots of HOT water, plenty of towels, a robe and slippers. The best of all worlds was that this property actually takes care of anything you might leave in the room at checkout. I happened to leave my drivers license in the safe when I left. When I arrived in Brussels I realised this and had my hotel call for me. The hotel had the item and forwarded it to me at my next stop in Amsterdam, it was there when I arrived. WHAT A RELIEF!!!!!!!! That makes this my number ONE hotel in Paris from now on, as well as there being this Iris Pub across the street run by Chicagoians. Stay and enjoy.

The Story Behind the Gables These old merchant houses that have been combined over the years to creat and recreat this Hotel make for wonderful reading ijn the Hotel brochure, be sure to do this. Arrival from the train station was quick and the welcome mat was out the minute I stepped out of the car. The doorman greated me and once I gave my name, remember it the rest of my stay. The front office was very courtious and the ladies are very pretty and polite. I had a package sent to the Hotel, it was waitng at reception with my check-in folio. The room assignment was quick and the room was beautiful and unusually spacious for Europe. Plenty of towels and very clean. This location is just a block from the Ann Frank House and in the neighboorhoods, so walking is a must to explore and appreciate the archectecture of the Old World. I had wanted to see the Heinekin Brewery but alas it was closed for renovation. So the Concierge sent me to the Bols Liquor on this Tuesday. Well, my one complaint, Bols is closed on Tuesday. But a great walk and I found a nice sandwich shop and a cold beer during my trek. One thing I do not normally do is take Hotel tours but the Hotel has it's own boat for a nightly canal tour with on board coctails and the Captian narrates the trip. This is worth every euro and I would not hesitate to take it again, especially if romance were in the cards. On my day of departure the Hotel had transport ready for us and we were whisked reluctantly to the airport. If you are on a tight budget this may not be the place but I found it worth more that The Grand Amsterdam, currently a Sofitel, which has previosly been my Hotel of choice in Amsterdam. Stay here and get out and expore this beautiful city and meet the people. Remember take the small glass for beer after foamed and scraped. Have a great stay.

Lived up to expectations Chose the hotel based on TripAdvisor reviews.Friendly and helpful staff. Made reservations for us for Uffizi and AccademiaNice room with charm - old character.Good breakfast . We liked the free internet, free Skype calls, evening aperitif and appetizers in the garden - good opportunity to meet other guests.Hotel is just south of the river about a mile from Ponte Vecchio. 20 minute walk or 2 minute bus ride - bus stop outside the hotel -tickets at reception.All round a good experience.

A super hotel We chose this hotel for its proximity to the airport as we had an early flight on our way home and this hotel operates a shuttle service.On arrival we found a hotel desk at the front of the terminal and were conducted personally to the shuttle bus! Although we arrived at breakfast time, the hotel swiftly allocated us a room, so that we could freshen up and sally forth into the city promptly. The hotel is ultra modern and we had a room with a magnificent panoramic view of the skyscrapers of the Tung Chung district. The room was exceptionally well furnished and equipped. The hotel is adjacent to a very modern and extensive shopping precinct and an underground station for the 25 minute ride into the centre. The buffet dinner at very reasonable cost is an unforgettable experience and to judge from the large number of local people who partook of it, they must also be of the same opinion. This is a great place to stay particularly if you have an early start and like me are nervous about reaching the airport in good time.

Great place to stay Well situated in the business district within walking distance of Ginza and the Imperial Palace and close to a subway station for reaching any part of Tokyo. Very comfortable and modern with a nice restaurant as well as being very close to other eating places. Staff could not have been more helpful and a particular benefit is that the main hotel is a stop on the route of the Airport Limousine service so transit to and from the airport is entirely hassle free as well as cheap.

typical sheraton stay It was my second time visiting Boston. I stayed at this hotel two nights. in my opinion, the room seemed small in size. I felt like I was going to hit the nightstand when I would get out of bed. The room was clean and I had a good view from the 19th floor. The hotel location was great! It is near Fenway Park and walking distance to the Shops at Prudential Center.The T subway station is around the corner from the hotel. I am planning on returning to Boston in the winter. This hotel suits my needs. I would also consider a bit more upscale experience at the Westin or Marriott nearby!?

Not brilliant Just got back from 3 nights in this hotel.Things good:Location - not the most picturesque part of Amsterdam - but only 10 mins walk from the centre.Helpful staff - staff seemed to be trying to be helpful.Free wake up calls.Things bad:No bar - the website we booked with (and several others I have just checked whilst writing this) stated this hotel had a bar - IT DOES NOT! A bar is a good place to meet when there are a few of you - its one of the reasons we chose this hotel over others.We complained to reception - they were not interested and said we should write to the owner.Heat - it was -2 outside but the radiators in the room were barely warm - it was cold.Room size - very little floor space. 2 of us could not get changed or dressed at the same time.Noise - could here exactly what the people in the next room were up to - even though they weren't that loud!Towels - thread bare and with holes.Bathroom - toilet too near to the wall and not enough leg room. Anyone over 6 foot tall can't sit on it!Lift - old style where you manually open the door and with nothing protecting you from the moving wall on one side. Not for kids.Stairs - IMHO not suitable for children at all - wide bending staircase with very small steps on one side that would be easy to miss and fall on.I lost my footing once and grabbed the handrail - it came away from the wall.Breakfast - limited selection continental. Bread and rolls, dutch taost, couple of jams, butter, cold hard boiled eggs in shells, 1 cheese and 2 cooked meats. Some cerial and a couple of fruit juices. Plus hot drinks. Not the biggest selection I have ever seen and very little that really appeals. We only ate here once and chose to eat in town and pay the extra.No batteries in the TV remote control - one of my pet hates as its such an easy thing to get right!Smoky smell - apprently the day before some guests had dropped cigarettes down the lift well which caught fire. Consequently the hall way and lift smelt very strongly of smoke. Apparently they had just got the lifts working - would not recommend this hotel if the lifts are out of order - see comments on stairs.Overrall condition - hotel seemed tired and worn. Lots of things seem to look very used / chipped / cracked / loose etc. Attention to detail in the cleaning could be better. From stories I have heard this hotel is a long way from being the worst in Amsterdam. But there are better for similar money too.We had a great weekend - but that was down to the good company and Amsterdam being a great City.

A Hotel With A Difference. bedroom

Remember it fondly months later The City Inn is a spectacular hotel. Its modern design makes W properties feel slightly cheap and over the top. I requested a room with a view when checking in (late in the evening) and the staff informed me that I could have a suite with a GREAT view or I could try a room. I tried my booked Club room, and when getting there was completely stunned, with a view including river, skyscrapers, and the beautiful MI5 building in front. The full floor-to-ceiling windows were gorgeous but just the beginning of a room so stunning a friend, who had been busily telling me a story on the way there, just forgot what she was saying about and went Wow.I had a minor emergency one night: it was 10 PM, and a belt I had just bought was too loose. It was my only belt and I had to dress smart. I let Reception know and, right after I had finished my late dinner, my fixed belt was sitting in my room bed. Very impressive. Walking to the subway is a bit of a hassle (I even miss that though! the area is nice) but you quickly discover an Oxford St bus that also goes past the Houses of Parliament etc and leaves you one block away. It's a very scenic busride.The only thing I didn't like was the restaurant. I only got the end of a mediocre buffet breakfast and was a bit rushed. Dinner was little better. The menu sounded excellent but in the end I didn't feel compelled to finish my meal. My waitress was very enthusiastic but also very new, and spoke practically no English. She knew less of the complicated menu items than me, but in fairness did every effot she should. In general, however, the whole restaurant was quite disorganised, with waiters running around not coping, even with a half-full venue late night, and with everything taking AGES to arrive.All in all, the City Inn was such a nice stay I remember it fondly often. I will never forget sitting by the window my last night in London, after a night out, eating a plate of red fruits and a glass of champagne while looking out the window listening to a CD from their collection. I'll never pass a chance to stay there again, even if I dine elsewhere.

Not really worth it We paid around $350 a night for a suite at the Affinia 50 at a discounted price. The value we got was far inferior to this price even if it's not a bad hotel per-se. In a city like New York there are far better options available.We arrived there late night to find an indifferent check-in and a very large room completely unpopulated of furniture. The problems began rapidly: some of the parcels we had been expected were not there. I had contacted the hotel previously to request my parcels to be held. I assumed they were delayed.Once in the room, we found we had no hot water AND that the toilet was leaking water quite badly. We were so tired we just fixed it with a hanger - the Mexican way - until the next day. Not impressive.The next morning my girlfriend had a really important interview and the hot water wasn't coming. In the end it magically appeared, despite the front desk ignoring us. The toilet was fixed almost 24 hours after reporting it.The rooms do look a bit like the pictures, in a style I personally found quite disagreeable. Objectively, however, once inside the lobby you felt the place was a dump. We didn't see the famous bell boys with the hat until the day we were leaving, and the ridiculously small lobby with the potted trees and the fountain are not awe-inspiring considering the price we paid. If you get a deal, however, this wouldn't be concerning.Finally, our parcels were actually RETURNED TO SENDER by the hotel staff, and despite my repeated mentioning of how angry we were at this to various members of staff, including the manager, we did not get one dollar refunded off our ridiculously high fare. We got into an enormous amount of trouble to rescue some of the ones which were rescuable.In the end we did sleep and were well situated, but I'd recommend the Parker Meridien for a higher-end option if the price is right. There's thousands of options in the Big Apple to have to go through this.

Great Place we were recommended the chelsea pines by two friends who are regular guests - it was really superb. Greta location for subway to all parts of NY as well as being close to the Village and Chelsea districts.The room was great - lots of space (we had a superior deluxe on 2nd floor) The staff were all friendly and the inclusive breakfast and all day coffee and cookies was a nice touch.Will definately return

Nice Place to stay Seating Area

Very Nice View from the Garden

Pre Cruise Stay Public Library

Great Value Sunset from the Lanai

Not what we were led to believe I chose this hotel for our lay overs on our way to and from Cuba based mainly on Trip Advisor reviews and my general positive experience with this hotel brand.I booked directly through the hotel website, were i was given an opportunity to state special needs and preferences. When we arrived we found the staff less than welcoming. And the room we were assigned did not match any of our stated needs ( i.e. a cot) and preferences( e.g. high floor, extra pillows, etc.). When I called the front desk to inquire about the cot we had requested I was informed that they do not have cots. I was told to use the sofa bed ( the usual thin mattress over loose wire mesh) , and to make the bed myself with the sheets and blankets in the closet.Unlike most Residence Inn hotels I have stayed at, the decor and furniture looked cheap and dated.We had been looking forward to our stay as a place to relax in our way to our destination. But what we found was not what we were led to believe during the reservation process.I cancelled our reservation for the return leg and stayed at a hotel in Terminal 3. Much better.

Great location and friendly staff What a great place to stay in New York , after looking at this site and comparing lots of other NY hotels we were delighted with our choice . We arrived earlier then the regular check in time but the receptionists were very friendly and found us a room in just a few minutes , Nothing was to much trouble for them . Our room had a king size bed which was probably the comfiest hotel bed I have ever slept in !!! There was some noise but I guess in NY this is inevitable and it certainly didnt keep us awake at night.The room and bathroom was spotless. The location was fantastic and literally 2 minutes from Times Square . A few other reviews have comented on the size of the rooms being small but trust me you are so close to so many great sites , bars restaurants you are not going to be spending much time in your room anyway , Our room had ample storage and space and was dinitely as big as the the average UK hotel room .

Old World Charm An old spanish hotel with a lot of charm. The rooms were small, but very comfortable, with hairdryers, ironing boards, shampoos, etc. The rooftop continental breakfast was quite nice, and overlooks the hillside of Ponce. The staff at this hotel was very impressive, especially the front desk. They were VERY helpful and up to date on the local information. The restaurant there is a bit pricey and I did not eat there. Downtown Ponce virtually shuts down at 8 pm during the week, and wound up eating at Churches Chicken. I was there for two nights, but one would have been more than enough.

Clean and Nice This hotel is quite nice. The rooms are large, and beds comfortable. They also have laundry facilities on site, which makes it very nice if you're changing hotels every day. The downside is that there are no elevators, however they do have a sign up that if you need help with your bags----ask. Getting morning coffee means walking downstairs and waiting in the restaurant. I tried the Mexican restaurant on site--The Blue Iguana, and found their food excellent, and very reasonably priced. (Under 10.00) The front desk staff was exceptional, and very helpful. I will go back, but will bring a coffeemaker.

DON'T EVEN CONSIDER STAYING ANYWHERE ELSE !!!!! Stayed for 2 nights Oct. 2 3. Check in was a breeze at 1:45pm.The ocean-view room was immaculately clean, with refrig. safe, hairdryer, coffeemaker, and upscale selection of shampoos and lotions. The bathroom was very large, marble and mahogany with glass shower. The view from the balcony of room 716 was totally awesome---overlooking the ocean and Old San Juan.ALL of the elevators are working in the hotel, and yes, there is some renovation going on in some areas, but they are being done in such a way that you don't really notice---no inconvenience whatsoever. The pool areas are spotlessly clean, and very well staffed. The main pool area has food service available and beach assess, with a swim-up bar. The entire staff at this hotel is one of the best I have ever encountered. Whatever you need is available, fast, and always with a smile. Joey at the pool bar is a great source of information on the area, and a fun guy. Makes you feel right at home. Guest Services printed out my boarding pass the morning of departure, complimentary, which saved me some time at the airport.The ONLY bad thing-----I had to leave, but will be back !!!!

Excellent hotel and location View out of Room 42

Unique creative hotel, not your cookie cutter business hotel From the wave-generating fountain in the front of the hotel, to the bold color scheme and creative architectural lay out, I imagine that you'll either love it or hate it. I loved it.If you are into single hallway, predictable spaces and the same old bar scene, this is not for you.The owners have accentuated the quirkiness of the hotels features to make it a memorable stay. In the main lobby, there is a blue bar off to the right, down the steps is the spacious check-in area. Yes, it take a few minutes to get your bearings, and yes, chances are good you'll get turned around a little, but I find this fun. In fact, two of us stumbled into a bar on the 3rd floor that we had no idea existed. At midnight, the place was hopping with locals and guests alike, the bartenders were engaging and we had a really nice time soaking in the atmosphere. I doubt the same could be said for a Marriott or Hilton.The room itself was large (3rd floor). I was initially followed to my room by a hooker who quickly went away after a brief description of what she could do for (to) me. The encounter was not threatening and in fact, I saw her trolling later in the Blue Bar near the lobby.The bathroom was fantastic, all stone tile with a large shower and sink area. Plenty of amenities as well. The bed was comfortable There was a solid work area with Wifi and the TV worked just fine. There was one lightbulb out but I just don't get excited about things like that. I'm sure if I asked, someone would have changed it. If I had to complain, I'd say the hotel was austere and slightly dark in some areas. Nevertheless, I think it's a neat place to stay and plan on bringing my family there in the event we visit MC in the future.

Good hotel in the French Quarter I stayed at the Bourbon Orleans for 7 nights, June 25th- July 2nd, and thought that it was a great hotel. I was on the fourth floor in a townhouse suite. I didn't find the noise to be a problem, however I was not overlooking Bourbon street. According to some of my friends staying on the third floor there was some noise from Bourbon but it could easily be blocked out by running the bathroom fan. If you don't want street and party noise talk to the front desk at the time of checkin to recieve a room away from the street. The location of the hotel cannot be beat. It is on the corner of Bourbon and Orleans right in the heart of the French Quarter. It is within walking distance of the Mississippi River, and the St. Charles Street Car to the Garden District. There were only a couple of small inconviences that we experienced while at the hotel. There was only one small trash can in the lower part of the room and none in the bathroom. There was only one phone in the room and it was located downstairs. The phone was cordless however the battery would occasionally die before the wakeup call and I would have to return it to the cradle in order to answer it and have the ringing stop. The wayport data connector didn't work and when I called the front desk they ensured that Engineering would be sent right up. Three days later it was repaired. The room service was decent. We ordered lunch the first day and it was excellent. Based on that experience we ordered breakfast the next morning. The breakfast was delivered 20 minutes late and the eggs were not very good. Besides that, the dirty tray sat outside our door for a full day before I called the front desk to have it removed. Overall, this was a very good experience. It is easy to pinpoint the minor inconviences but they were well worth the comforts of the hotel. The hotel staff was excellent and will go out of their way to assist you with anything you need. When I return to New Orleans I will stay at the Wyndham Bourbon Orleans again.

Truly memorable Selected this hotel based on the previous Trip Advisor reports. It is hard to fault any aspect of our stay. We were 2 couples and had 2 of the larger apartments with views of the canal. Rooms were very spacious, exceptionally clean and the large beds very comfortable.Heating was responsive and toiletries of a good standard.We ate breakfast there on each of the 3 days - a good quality continental style buffet with good supply of fresh fruit.The reception staff were helpful.The hotel is very well located just a few minutes walk from St Mark's Square where you can board a waterbus to most areas.Barry Jones

Hard to fault this hotel Having read other reviews we were confident to pre-pay with the hotel and secure rooms at a very competitive price. We had looked for 2 city-view rooms but on booking only one was available. This was rectified on arrival AND we were given a free upgrade for the second room.Rooms are clean, beds comfortable and our double was 6foot wide. The bathrooms are excellent with great showers and a good quality range of toiletries. Excellent hospitality tray and generous electric sockets. The public rooms are similarly spacious and well maintained.The cooked breakfast was, perhaps less inspiring and our friends were disappointed at the lack of vegetarian sausages nor was fish of any sort offered. Many people would be happy with the excellent continental style buffet which is cheaper and includes fresh fruit and good selection of cereals, breads, pastries, meats and cheeses. All good quality.The hotel is in a quiet location (valuable in London) and very close to Tower Hill tube station, No15 bus route into the West End with a very frequent service and one of the stops for the Open-top Sightseeing bus tours. As mentioned by previous reporter they will keep cases for you if you arrive early and/or want somewhere to keep them after check-out.Barry

overview of sirenis suites Sirenis

Good, but not perfect Location:In Kowloon, but out of the centre near Hung Hom train station and above the Metropolis shopping centre.Annoyingly tricky place to get to, although there is a free shuttle bus to the sister hotel near to Tsim Sha Tsui underground station.Taxi into the centre of HK will cost around HK$100, depending on traffic (which can be very heavy).Room:Had heard bad things about the size of the rooms, but ours (1993) was more than ample for two people, with a generous bathroom and shower.It also provided an excellent view across the harbour, allowing us to watch the famous light show every night at 8pm.Facilities:The outdoor pool is very nice, if somewhat chilly at times.I didn't use the gym but quite a few people were on the running machines at all times of the day.The hotel restaurant served decent food, albeit way more expensive than you will pay nearly anywhere else in HK.The shopping centre connected to the hotel also has a variety of restaurants that are well worth a look.Service:There were always plenty of staff on hand ready to help in any way possible.Overall:My only gripe with the Metropolis Plaza was getting there from the centre of HK.The easiest way is taking the shuttle bus from the Harbour Plaza hotel, but that stops running around 11pm.After that, you will need to take a taxi, or alternatively the 5c bus to Hung Hom station from the Star Ferry terminal and then 7mins walk up through the shopping centre.If I could get a room at the better located Harbour Plaza for a similar price, I would chose that in future.

Average We stayed here during our stay in Beijing. Decent hotel with a good location close to The Forbidden City and some of the parks. Close to the shopping street Wufujing also. The boys who worked at the hotel was very friendly. The room was small, the carpet was dirty. Except for that the room was okey and very quiet during the night.PROS:*Good location* Friendly staff* Quiet during the nightCONS:* Small rooms* Dirty carpet* No free internet

Nicest Hilton I ever stayed This is the best Hilton I have ever stayed in my whole life. I have stayed in Hilton hotels around the world including at Toronto, Miami, Chicago, Sao Paulo, Paris, Frankfurt and I have found it top amongst others in terms of room quality, size, amenities and restaurants.I stayed in executive junior suite and the accommodation in absolutely fantastic with plush bedding, oversized windows, work-desk, good shower and above all morning breakfast and evening cocktails at executive lounge. The quality and variety of the food is first class and best in service. Staff is polite and humble and takes care of all your needs immediately. Its proximity to train stations is a plus. I only tried couple of restaurants in the hotel and found them decently priced comparing with same in other nearby hotels. Shinju-ku is a nice area to stay for westerners and I would highly recommend that Hilton should be a top choice for your next stay at Tokyo.

Great Location! Great Rooms! Good Service! Cod Paella - My favorite

Excellent value Our room was small but very clean and quiet. Our rate included museum tickets. Hans (the owner) seemed quite gruff but this was really just an act. He was very friendly and helpful, providing restaurant advice and directions. We had to leave at 5:30 a.m. for our flight and he arranged airport transportation for us at quite a good price. The breakfast service was about what you expect in Europe--more than adequate. We would definitely return.

A Wonderful Discovery What a wonderful discovery, thanks to Tripadvisor Users: I stayed here for three days from 21-24 August. I was allocated Room Five, a single room without loo etc, however there was a shower/loo beside my room which was fine.My room was small bijou: about 15' x 7' or thereabouts; tea/coffee facilities, a wardrobe, telly... everything necessary. And very clean too.I cannot speak highly enough about the breakfast: I enjoy a full breakfast so I opted for fruit juice, a cooked brekkie of two very lean rashers of Danish back bacon (no fat at all), one egg, beans and two slices of white, hot toast with butter and tea/coffee. Absolutely perfect. Couldn't wish for anything more.Very amiable staff and the proprietor who has relatives in Northern Ireland; so we had a good natter! They make you feel at home and are most helpful for advice about London, bookings etc.I really loved this place and hope to return again. If the staff read this, I wish to thank them from the bottom of my heart. Thank you. By the way, I do not usually give five stars for my reviews; however, given the value of this guesthouse, I feel it more than merits this.

Good location Good location very close to Darling Harbour shops and restaurants.Bedrooms very well appointed; beds comfortable but fairly small.Restaurant and lounge areas were cold and unappealing and service of tea/coffee at breakfast almost non-existant.

IB Punta Cana is GREAT! First let me start by stating that we have traveled to the Caribbean numerous times and always stayed AI resort. IB Punta Cana is a great resort with few issues. Our room was in the 600 building. Very clean, no smell, nice balcony, great A/C and ceiling fan. Some people indicated problem with ants in their room but we never saw any in our room. Bathroom was large (Hand held shower would not stay in place which was a little problamatic but not a big issue.) Mini fridge was stocked daily with beer, pop and water. Housekeeper also left a gallon of purified water for brushing teeth. DO NOT DRINK THE TAP WATER! Our maid would place fresh flowers in the bathroom everyday and would make funny little creatures out of towels. Nice touch. Word to the wise - don't count on fresh wash cloths each day. Seem to be in short supply. Towels were changed twice a day. The grounds are nothing short fantastic. Very well groomed. The lawns almost look like a golf course. Had to arise early each a.m. to reserve a place near the pool under a cabina. We were told that this is a no no, but everyone was do it so we followed suit. The beach is really great and so was the water. Did walk down to the vendors a couple of times and found a few great bargins. The hotel shops are very expensive since the owners must pay a high rent each month, so they pass it on to the customers. Food at the buffet was not the best (we have had better) but one will not go hungry. The breakfast was the best wtih eggs to order, ample pastries, fresh fruit and juice and coffee to kill for. We ate at the Frecnh, Steak House and Oriental. All were extremly good. The Steak House is outside on the beach. So your table and chairs are in the sand. This was a different but pleasant experience. Some what romantic. During the lunch hour, the Steak House becomes a snack bar with buffet salads. Hot food consited of fish, chicken, hot dogs, hamburgers, fries, numerous salads and desserts. We spent a lot of time in the P.M. at the Lobby Bar and had a wonderful time. Drinks were very good. We also took insulated mugs for day time use at the pool/beach. The evening entertainment was rather lame and at times hard to understand due to language barrier. Since we are smokers we ate in the smoking sections and had great service from the waiters each day. Actually, we were treated like kings and queens. The staff at the resort are all very friendly and helpful. Will we visit this resort again? Yes - Hopefully in May 2008 if the price is right. We flew out of Chicago on US Air 2000. Note: Two checked bags per person not to exceed 50 pounds total. Arrival and transfer to the resort went very smooth and did our departure. There is a Wendy's at the airport. At the bar we paid $12.00 US for two bottles or Corona beer. Too costly! If you like to snack I would suggest taking some snacks with you since they are very expensive in the gift shops. Not one peson in our group got sick from the food which was great. Looking forward to returning in May of 2008..

Not thtat good Clift Hotel very stark with little warmth or ambiance. Rooms are small. Staff friendly and helpfull. Would not go back

okay Stayed here for 3 nights in a club room, Bathroom tiles looked like they had been put up about 100 years ago, Even the grouting between the tiles was dirty. ugh!Our club room window was op a wall great views for the price! Otherwise the room was ok, Breakfast was excellent lots of choice very good, Bar staff and bar food excellent, Hotel is close to all shopping, restaurants, and other stuff!! No problems walking at night.

Great people, OK beach My wife and I just came back from a week at the Sunscape Punta Cana Grand. If you are looking for good food, a nice pool and great people, this place is for you. If you're looking for the blue-green color and rolling waves of a tropical ocean this is not your place. There is a natural reef in out in the ocean which acts as a breakwater, knocking down the waves. That being said, the resort itself was wonderful. The staff was awesome, whether you wanted to sit by the pool or join in on the games or dance lessons. The beach party on Thursday night was a nice touch up until it rained. (Buffet on the beach and a movie on the beach afterward.) The food was also very good, but could have a slightly larger selection. The grounds were immaculate and the drinks free flowing. The movie every night was great for kids (Pirates of the Carribean, The Lion King, etc.). Do not believe the dress codes on the website! You only have to wear long pants in DaMario's. Shorts and T-shirts allowed everywhere else. For the money it was very nice, but my next trip will probably be back to the Gala Resort in Play Del Carmen Mexico.

Very nice hotel. I liked the Rockford for two major reasons. The staff was great and helped out even doing a rush job on cleaning a stained shirt. The second reason was being on the far end of the park from the harbor, very quiet and a nice walk to the harbor. The Pumphouse bar is connected to the end of the hotel, nice place for sure. The only downside was the internet access was a little expensive, something like $6.00 for 30 minutes. In the USA most hotels offer free internet access. Great acces to shops and Chinatown is just a few blocks away with some good markets, food etc.

Great Stay, Great Honeymoon Just returned from our honeymoon and it was glorious! Having meticulous read reviews here weekly the last six months touch on some of the popular topics:The infamous drive: maybe because this was our first trip to the Caribbean but we loved the hour drive. We knew be vegging on the resort the entire time so we wanted to see as much countryside and Dominican we could. It could have been longer and we have minded!Once we got there, aka the grounds/service/beach/etc: The resort was absolutely gorgeous. As read, when you (if you) drive to other resorts to drop off/pick up others on your shuttle ride you will see that in comparison to the others this is one of the best. The service throughout the resort is some of the best encountered. It is evident on the drive to the resort why the workers on the resort work so hard to please and appreciate tips so much ($100 in ones was perfect for a week). Everyone acts cheery, attentive and kind. The beach was also great! The best part being the constant breeze that keeps you cool when lounging, and the resulting waves from the wind that provide both a perfect soundtrack and something fun to play in. We live in the Tampa/Clearwater area which supposed to have three of the top ten beaches in the world (according to Dr. Beach) and would take this beach over anything around here any day.Night time entertainment: We loved it. Is it cheesy? Abso-freakin-lutely. what made it so entertaining to us. get me wrong, they are indeed quality when you have an entire show dedicated to Michael Jackson, I mean, really now. We hit almost every show and loved every one. What is not cheesy however, or who I should say, is the nightly Sax guy. Some real quality there no matter where in the world he would be playing. Def. check him out in the Martini Bar before every show. We also loved making absolute fools of ourselves in the Disco almost every night. My apologizes to anyone who had to watch us day full of boat drinks and Presidentes will lead to some interesting moves. :o) But we had a blast every night we went. Speaking of boat free flowing and tasty. I mainly stuck to the Presidente, but we hit a lot of the other stuff as well. The Sammy Sosa was our favorite just the Strawberry Daq. Mix with the Pina Colada mix topped with Blue Cauroco). All the top shelf liquor you can handle, and just request your drink strong if you want to taste your liquor and they are happy to oblige. We pretty much stayed tipsy from morning to night the entire a beautiful thing.Entertainment team: please, applause. We thought be avoiding them like the plague, us not being into silly group activities or the like. But their enthusiasm was so infectious that we help but join in and have a great time. They really do but a smile on your face so go ahead and play one or two of their games or events. Great, GREAT people.Food: Saving the best for last. Oh how I wish that were the case. The only thing keeping this review from 5 stars is that most of the food was mediocre at best for our (not too discriminating) tastes. But that said, others both on this site and that we met there very much enjoyed it so I go into too much detail bashing the food. just leave it as we personally care for it. But even at that, I can honestly say it blemish our trip one bit (maybe one tiny bit) as everything else was great enough to overlook our thoughts on the food. I will say that the honeymoon breakfast in bed and the French resteraunt were the highlights.I see how one could have a bad time at this resort. We did encounter a few people who were moaning and groaning, but they seemed to be folks who would be miserable most anywhere. ;o) My only reservation would be if you are NOT a drinker and are going simply for the fine dining this is probably not the place for you. A few tips: bring your sodas to the outside stores, they are as good as currency; they have $40/70 minute massages at the first store on the left (a name that escapes you have a bit adventure sense it sure beats the resort prices; do the horseback ride even though the horses look rather sad.Have fun, hard not too!! And Stephen/Kim or you read this, big love to you cats! Good luck in love and life!

No complaints We had two stays of two nights each at the New York Helmsley Hotel. We were pleased with the good sized rooms and the spotless cleanliness. Location is very desireable and transportation is a cinch with busses running in front of the hotel and the subway close by. We had breakfast twice in the hotel restaurant and once with room service. The food was good but it seemed to be overpriced.

No Complaints My wife and I stayed at Relais Uffizi in early April 2006. The location is great, right in the middle of it all! The room was nice, nothing fancy, but spacious enough. The tub/shower was a little weird- hand-held shower head's cord was not long enough to fit in the overhead holder, made it kind of difficult to bathe comfortably, but workable. Breakfast was adequate and the staff was outstanding, very willing to discuss local restaurants and provide other information. They also have an extensive collection of travel books and other guides to browse over breakfast or whenever. Right next to Uffizi Gallery and Ponte Vecchio. Would definitely recommend for the budget traveler looking for a great deal and location!

Good Place to stay. We stayed here for a week over the July 4th holiday. We own a timeshare in the Marriott system so we stayed cheap. When I booked, I could have paid the same price at the Doral across the street with kids eat free. We made the right choice for the extra room, and after seeing how bad the Doral Hotel's room are. The pool at the Villas is nice, and we went across the Doral's Pool twice because the kids liked the big slide there. The room was completely renovated and is just a little smaller than other Marriott Timeshares. Would suggest to anyone who has a family.

Wonderful place to stay The "large" room we had

Truly $ Star Wife and I recently returned from a week in Barcelona (Nov21-28). We are experienced european travelers and have stayed at many 4/5 star hotels. In planning this trip we were uncertain about hotels but selected the Avendia. It was perfect: location within walking distance of the Gothic quarter as well as ALL other sites. Staff was extremely friendly and knowledgeable. It is rated4 star but this is a 5 star hotel at 2/3 star price.

Excellent Choice The rooms are a very good size, the staff are friendly, helpful and polite, the rooms are cleaned daly to a high standard, the hotel position is great (near the subway, walkable to Times Square, Central Park and most of the major attractions) - you can even catch the Grays tour bus close to the hotel. Additionally there are some really great restaurants nearby on Ninth Avenue from american diners to trendy eateries. If there is one criticism it would be that there are only two elevators - a VERY minor matter. The added bonus is the complimentary breakfast from 6 am until 10 am. The food was good with a wide choice. We will certainly use this hotel again. It is an ideal hotel to choose, particularly if you have not visited NYC before - this was our first trip and we will be back.

H10 Marina This was our second time in this hotel,and if anything it was even better. We got upgraded to a suite, got to rub shoulders with olympic gold medalists on a pre olympic meet, and got Cava for breakfast!Seriously, the best 2 meals that we had the 10 days we were there was in the hotel. Amazing food and cheaper than eating out!You must go!

Well-appointed I was fairly impressed with the look and feeling of the hotel upon entering the lobby. The check-in process went smoothly, and the staff were great. My room was on the 9th floor, looking out toward the runway/airport (there was very little noise from the planes). The decor and furnishings were very classy and bed was plush comfortable. Because I had visited the hotel's website, I had slightly higher expectations about the degree of luxury and grandness.... the room was very nice but not as amazing as the website represented. Overall, I'd give the hotel 4 out of 5 stars, and would likely return.

Great location!!! By far, the best thing about this hotel is its location! Holiday Inn Port of Miami Downtown is the closest hotel to Bayside Market and to the Port of Miami. The hotel itself was what you would expect from a typical Holiday Inn/Hampton Inn/Comfort Inn, etc. Nothing in the hotel blow me away, but I definitely can't give any negative criticism. The check-in process was great, and the room was nicely layed out large. My room was on the 10th floor and looked out on the Bayside Market (amazing view of Biscayne Bay and the causeways). I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone and would return there myself.

Would higly recommend the Mosser We really liked the Mosser. After a week of staying in motels the small sized room in the Mosser was initially a bit of a shock. However, the hotel had provided everything we needed including a welcome pack, good value laundry and TV. We had shared bathroom facilities, but these were clean and we never had to wait to use them. All the staff were very friendly and helpful,and the hotel had a nice feel to it. The hotel is perfectly situated down town, within walking distance of all the shops, cable cars and the coast. I would highly recommend it.

family room at the Regina We, family of four with two children, stayed ath the Hotel Regina for four nights last week. The family room had four beds so it could sleep four persons (two beds were rather small but sufficient for children). The room was not sound proof, you could hear the people next door and upstairs. As we were awakened by noise (from other rooms/hallways) for several nights we cannot give the hotel a higher score. The location of the hotel was its main asset, right next to placa Catalunia and the Ramblas. All the main attractions in the Barri Gotic could be reached by foot. We had a public transport pass for two days, it is very easy to us the public transportation in Barcelona.

Great location, decent room Maybe we're too picky, but we found this hotel just average, not great, not terrible. First, the location is excellent - so close to all the sights, but what sort of disappointed us was the room. Yes, it's renovated, but it has a very cold feel to it - tiled floor, and very basic furnishings. The shower (no tub) is tiny and the whole room feels hospital-like in a way. After a day of seeing Florence, with all of its art, history, character and beauty, it was a bit strange to come back to such a stale looking room. I guess for 140 euro a night, we were expecting a bit more when it came to the room. That being said, the staff is VERY friendly; they do go out of their way for you and the hotel has more of an intimate feel to it than any other we've stayed at.I think if we ever go back to Florence though, we'd chose a cozier, more high end hotel with nicer rooms.

Best beds ever Incredible beds - can't say enough about them - great pillows and soft comforter - this in its own gives this place a five out of five. Location is very good - close to Times Square (not that you'd want to spend time around there) but far enough to get away from that madness. The staff were all very friendly, always greeting us several times as we entered and left the Hotel. Had room service one night - excellent hamburgers. My only complaint would be that the bathtubs were very shallow - not worth having a good soak. Other than that would 100% stay at this hotel again.

Great location! Hotel is in a very good location - away from all the tourist traps. Close to Union Square and the Meat Packing District and Balducci's is right around the corner (excellent meat deli there by the way). The rooms are okay - nothing special and not always the cleanest either (in our experience). There were days when the toilet wasn't cleaned and I don't think they even look under the bed (so maybe you shouldn't either). The breakfast area is a nice touch (especially the courtyard at back) and most of the staff are pretty friendly. Not sure if I'd stay here again, maybe for one or two nights max. Not terrible but nothing too special either.

Central location, spotless room Stayed 6 nights at the Hotel D'Albe and agree with all the positive reviews on Tripadvisor! It was spotless! The bathroom looked like it was brand new, big granite laid shower (but no bathtub) and smart looking rooms with art work and a plasma tv. We stayed on the 2nd floor so it was a bit noisy, especially on the weekend evenings but that was a small price to pay for being in such a central location. We had breakfast included and the woman who works there was the sweetest lady. If I ever go back to Paris I'd stay here again, but I think I'd ask for a higher floor and maybe a room that faces a quieter outlook.

Terrific Hotel! We stayed four nights at this hotel and couldn't be more pleased with it. First off, the location is fabulous - close to the Ramblas, and very close to the higher end shopping stores. I would not want to stay in the Ramblas as it would be too noisy anyway, so this hotel is perfect to get away from the thick crowds, but at the same time, close enough to walk to all of the stuff going on. Second, the rooms were great - clean, totally modern, smartly decorated, very, very quiet, nice and cool and a big bathroom - so not typical of European bathrooms. The breakfast was also included in our room price and it was very good too - fully staffed and very attentive. The roof top jacuzzis were so cool; great to relax in them after a day of sightseeing. I would totally, 100% stay here again.

Excellent location, excellent price We were hesitant to try this place, considering it was only $114 a night for two people. Being San Francisco, we were thinking you'd get what you paid for but we were so wrong. This place was a steal! Very clean, newly refurbished and best of all an awesome location - Union Square is right around the corner with some very good shopping and Westfield Shopping Center is literally a two minute walk away. We were upgraded to a king bed suite (which would have cost even more) and were plesantly surprised by the room. Sure it's small (by American standards), but who cares - it was spotless and newly refurbished with a plasma tv, a stereo system on the wall, and very comfortable bedding. The continental breakfast was very simple - coffee, juice, toast, muffins, crossaints and some oranges and apples. Richard, the concierge, was especially helpful when it came to restaurant choices and the front desk staff were all very friendly.Should we ever go back, we would certainly stay here again!

Fantastic Great Hotel!Large pool with endless pool jets at the end. Has great spa plus 2 hammam sauna style things.No need for a car. The velib' bikes which you can hire across paris have a station 100m away near the metro station. There is also a tram and bus. Didn't hire a car but noticed that Avis is just across the road.We found the number 80 bus better as it goes through ecole militaire (the end of the eiffel tower park), Champs Elysees and finishes quite close to Montmatre. It seemed quite quick as well.So would highly recommend taking the bus instead of the metro into town.Rooms were great, TV had french, german and British stations including BBC 1, BBC 2 and Sky News.If you want food theres a pizza restaurant and takeaway chinese takeaway just across the road. Theres a KFC, Mcdonalds, a large supermarket and more restaurants a 10 minute walk or 1 metro stop at Convention.

Good hotel, problem with a burger I stayed here after a Red River Shootout, and it was good. The room was cozy and it was easy to access. My only problem is that they toast the buns to their burgers, and it's a little crunchy on the outer edge, which I don't like. Otherwise, it was a nice night for me.

Stop in before I stayed in this hotel while on a cruise and I liked it. They have a good restaurant, I got a nice room, and it's close to a mall and the monorail. Very nice and lovely hotel.

Very nice I stayed here while changing planes to go home, and I liked it. The staff was nice, there was a decent restaurant, and the room was great. The bed was incredibily comfy, and the shower was THE best shower I've ever been in. My only problem was I had to get up early to make my flight home. Otherwise, I liked my overnight stay here.

Pleasure Hotel has a perfect location to discover Hong Kong. Museums, MTR, Star Ferry, shops, restaurants and bars are all within walking distance. The staff is friendly and professional; the rooms are clean and quiet; the food is fine. We stayed seven nights and never regretted our choice. If we ever visit Hong Kong again, we will certainly return to Stanford hillview.

Reasonable stay We arrived at the South Pacific not knowing fully what to expect. We had booked on a budget and it was our first time to Hong Kong.The staff were reasonable, not overfriendly but not discourteous. The rooms were small but I liked them because of this, it gave a cosy contrast to Hong cold damp spring weather.The positioning of the hotel could have been better, we used the underground system for the duration of our stay and it was a good ten-minute walk to the nearest station. also handy that the structure is so noticeable, especially when we attempted to find our way home at night after a couple of drinks...Moral of the review, if your young and adventurous and the hotel you stay in going to make nor break your trip then this is a good mid range choice.

Perfect Location Beautiful Spot If you are going to stay in or near San Juan this the hotel to stay in...Worth every penny..It has its own beach, a clean calm lagoon which is great for kids, (95% of the hotels in San Juan area do not have their own beach, they use public access beaches which are ok but not great) a very good Gym, beautiful swimming pools. (.one with a swim up bar,) very good food, and nice rooms. The hotel bars are excellent..This is where the Pina Colada was invented back in th 50's..The staff is bend over backwards friendly...The rooms are on the small side but not that big a deal since the weather is the main attraction..Views are beautful..If you call ask about the executive lounge feature..It sounds hoity toity but actually it gives you lots of free food options..It might only come with certain floors so ask first how you can get this included with the room price Renting a car is not necessary, as cabs are the best way to go anywhere,.Bus service is non existent...Old San Juan is charming with cobble stone streets and an immense Fort..Beautful lit up at night..There are some eyesores in and around San Juan but if you look past them you will see a certain charm in this area...Try walking to the Coronada area to the east of the hotel along the water and you will find a couple of cafes that have waves that come right up to the windows. We ate breakfast there...Be prepared to spend money on food as this is expensive in this part of Puerto Rico...even just basic lunch food. is high..The Hilton actually had healthy lunch type food that was somewhat less expensive than a lot of the local eateries we tried..Good veggie food cooked by locals is in the Hilton Gym cafe which is hidden away for some reason by the tennis courts..Take a cab ride to Isle Verde one evening and walk through some mega expensive hotel lobbies like the El San Juan which is spectacular(with a casino) and the Ritz Carlton..Good Mexican food sports bar called Lupis in this area..If you like snorkling take the catamaran ( you can book this in the hotel lobby) tour..It goes to an unpopulated Island off the coast .. right out of a post card..Even if you don't snorkle, the ride is great. the water warm,,...

Very nice convenint to airport Very nice clean hotel.. actually rooms are suites with kitchenettes..Don't pay full price..I got this room for $76 during prime season Saturday night stay..Do an internet search with a hotel reseller like discount hotels .com or similar..The advantage of this hotel is the location just accross from the airport..Excellent breakfast room for quick on the go..

Can't believe the poor reviews I stayed at the Rialto back in 1999 and 2000 and said that if I went back to Barcelona I would certainly book there again. Well came 2006 and I decided on another visit and booked through my agent.After booking I looked through the review page nad was disappointed to see some of the comments and wondered if the Hotel had gone 'downhill'. I had no need to worry, the staff were helpful, the room although on the small size was adequate for our needs and the breakfast was far better than some better rated hotels I have been to. For the price of a night Band B it was great value.It was clean, and it's siting was second to none. If I had a complaint it would be that during the few days I chose to go, Chelsea were playing Barcelona and the noise at night permeated everywhere. This is not the Hotels fault but it meant a rather sleepless night on the Tuesday.Overall, a good, clean, above average hotel with a great command of the city's features. Close to the Metro, Port, Ramblas, Placa Catalunya (where all day tours seem to start from).If I go back, I will certainly book there again (for the 4th time).

Plus - location. Minus - Small rooms and showers. Stayed here for business in early May'06. The location is very convient and easy to walk to lots of downtown spots. The front desk and door personnel were very friendly and efficient. This is a decent hotel and I found it to be reasonably priced.The room was a king on the 5th (?) floor and it was very tight, but the bed was comfortable and they offer a choice of pillows - nice touch. I found the noise from the roof of the next building a bit annoying, but this is a downtown hotel, after all. Unfortunately all they had was a smoking room and there was a mild odor, but I bought some room deodorizer and it seemed to do the trick.The bathroom was very sleek, but with limited space for toiletries. The major minus was the shower - I'm of average build and could barely turnaround! In the end I found it kinda of funny, but would have preferred more shower space.I would not likely stay here again, only because I would prefer a bit more space in the room.

My preference for a London stay I have stayed at this hotel since it was opened, and I found it instantly a great place to stay. In the first months you could get an excellent room for less than inc breakfast. Just a few years later it has become really popular and the full rate last week was over ex breakfast!The decor is bright and modern, and the rooms are excellent to work in. Free internet (ask for a cable when you check in if you do not use wifi), and a Mac in the room!There's no tube station nearby.

Would visit again Nice room. Small sink.

Faultless I really add anything to the positive reviews that have already been submitted on this hotel. Just like to say that staff were friendly and attentive, the breakfasts and bar snacks were excellent and the rooms, although simple were of a very high quality. All in all a great stay and exceptional value for money compared to other London hotels. If I ever need to stay in London again would not hesitate to re-book the City Inn.One tip, book direct through the company website as this saved me on a 2 night stay compared to some of the leading online hotel reservation sites.

space and quiet We came from UK to spend a week here. Taxis from the airport charge what they like. the hotel minibus is friendly cheap and efficient. Very friendly, helpful staff everywhere in hotel, the buffet breakfast voluminous and unchanging, repetitive for a whole week. Rooms spacious, quiet and clean, and comfortable beds. All you could hear on the 7th floor were the police and ambulance sirens, day and night! Like the bathroom, bidet, constant hot water. We walked into the city easily enough, though the excellent Madrid metro was only two minutes away. Thoroughly recommend the tapas and restaurant across the street. We liked it.

Decent Place - Pluses and Minuses Dreams Punta Cana is definitely NOT a 6 Apple resort. We booked this place on the 6-apple square deal expecting a real bargain. Sorry to say that we got exactly what we paid for. The resort is not horrible, certainly not a nightmare, but it's also not the luxurious experience that they make it out to be. It is an AMstar resort, owned by Apple, which is why Apple rates it 6 stars. Don't be fooled. The ride from the airport was horrible...we took a shorter route that actually took 1.5 hours and involved numerous people getting sick. On the way back, we took the long way and ended up getting to the airport in 1 hour with no one sick. Make sure you tell your rep not to take the short way! Check in was great, but our room was not 6-star by any stretch of the imagination. There was a huge crack in our ceiling that ran clear across the room, and the closet and facing of the furniture was in generally bad shape. The bathroom was OK, but the shower is weird and hot water is sketchy. Our maid was excellent, and we didn't tip until the last day. We also gave her some school supplies for her children and she loved it! Think about bringing them a little something :) We also had a problem with our AC, which was fixed within 1 hour. Very nice. The pool is great, but I did get an ear infection from it and it screwed up my swimming for the last 4 days. You will also find losers gathering rafts every morning to hoard for the rest of the day...such a shame that people act this way. The beach is pretty right in front of the resort, but the water is ROUGH, not clear at all, and there are sharp rocks all throughout the ocean so swimming is hardly possible. No snorkelling opportunities, and others are right---a ton of trash all over the place. A real shame, they certainly cannot tout their beach as top of the line, as I've had better beaches in Jamaica, Dominica, Bahamas, and at Excellence Punta Cana, etc. Restaurants were very good generally, with good food and GREAT SERVICE. The deserts are straight from the buffet, however...very disappointing. The buffet is TERRIBLE...food selection is very limited, none of the food is good, and they run out of everything. Bacon is like gold at breakfast....Patio, Himitsu, and Seaside Grill were great, very good food. Our service was always exceptional. Shows were OK, I don't put much stock into them anyway. Overall, best thing about this resort is the service, and the worst is the beach/buffet. It is not a 6-star by any means, so be prepared. You can certainly enjoy yourself, but don't think you're getting any special deal with the 6-star. You will get excellent service, however!

Striking Gold When I was looking for a place to stay after my engagement, there were soo many option and it was driving me crazy. After comparing room size and price, Cambridge seemed the best buy. I stuck Gold!When you drive by the place, it looks like a modest hotel. We arrived late so we did not have valet service. Self parking was not too bad. We had to walk a bit, but not too much. When we got in, we thought we were in the wrong place. The exterior fools you. Inside the lobby looked wonderful. The staff was very helpful and gave us everything we needed right away. When we got inside we were blown away. The place was huge. The bed area alone was bigger than most hotels we've been to. The living room was spacious and comfortable. The bathroom was also very large. The bed was incredibly comfy. Room service was friendly and considerate. I had no problems at all. I loved the place and would definetly come again... I go crazy looking for the perfect hotel room, and this is the best thing I have seen so far. The only thing the lack is a hot tub ( but I hear the really fancy rooms have one). If you have the money, I would recommend this place.

Be Cautious of the Bad Reviews--Great Resort!!! We booked our stay as Wyndham TimeShare owners. We were looking for a resort to get away and do nothing. We wanted pool, beach, and great weather. It was a getaway from our kids for my wife and I. We read almost all the reviews over the last year and read many good and many not so good. We felt that people were missing the boat on this resort since it became a Wyndham about 1-1/2 yrs ago. We found out they remodeled every room. Our room was basic overlooking the rainforest, but very clean, flat screen, granite, and great bed! We rented the fridge for $25 so we could cut down on the food costs that we had read about. If you go to this resort expecting a budget resort, you are in the wrong place. This is a high end resort with very good restaurants and service. We did not rent a car. If you want to do activities, rent a car. If not, you can get away without it. We walked to the convenient store (no sidewalks, so for daring people only. Otherwise, take a cab) at the bottom of the hill and picked up groceries and had some great Chinese food (amazing Orange Chicken) at the casual restaurant. The Isamar bakery was great as everyone has said. They have lunch sandwiches that locals enjoy. We bought our own liquor at the store because, yes, the drinks are very high. Also, the bell station might have a cooler that you can use if you ask them nicely. Don't forget to tip for the great service that you will probably get.There is a convenient store gift shop at the resort. Good place to pick up T-shirts and do some Sale shopping. They sell liquor there, but of course, you will pay more. Less than at the bar though.The Pool--Adult pool was great. Kids were having a great time in their own pool. We liked that. NO MUSIC at the adult pool. We knew that and brought our Ipod and docking station. There are some umbrellas but probably wouldn't get them in high season. Beach was great with umbrellas the staff will put up for a small tip. Constant breeze can be expected which cools things down nicely. There are a few Iguanas around, but they are pretty cool and they make sure there aren't too many around.Spa--we did a couples massage for 25 minutes at the Mandara Spa. The Spa services are high price, but it is a very nice place to be pampered. The workout facility is also in the spa and has very nice updated equipment with personal TV's, Nautilus circuit and free weights.The Food--everyone says the food is so expensive. Really, it is not. It is higher than a budget resort, but fairly priced to slighly high. These are some nice restaurants. It is like going out to a nice restaurant in the city somewhere. Palio is great high quality Italian. We split dishes since we didn't want leftovers it kept costs down. The Rigatoni Bolognese was as good as anywhere, including Italy ($18). The chicken wings at Marbella are totally underrated. They are perfectly crisp and outstanding. Many people we saw found this out as well. Great when tossed with the Sweet Chile sauce from the Shrimp Satay! Get this if you go there. Grille Room was a typical steakhouse. Prices were appropriate. Steaks were perfectly done. Take the shuttle for dinner at the Grille Room. It is a nice change of scenery. To keep our money for dinners, we generally ate PBJ Tuna Salad in the room for lunch. Woke up too late for breakfast most of the time :) Don't waste the money on any of the buffets unless you can eat a lot! Muffins, bagel coffee is available at the coffee shop next to the casino. Yes, it is a $4 muffin, but who cares, you are on vacation and it is a big muffin. People we met went to Richie's a few times. They said the food was basically the same price and very good, but the drinks were much cheaper.Golf--great but not spectacular. Ocean course is really not on the ocean. 1 hole is. Go twilight and enjoy golf for $70 or $85 depending on season. Best deal by far. Local told me that El Conquistador has a great course. If you have a car and want to golf, try there. Nightlife--None (except Casino). I shared my concern about this with the GM and he says they are working on that currently. New margaritaville type restaurant will be opening that will stay open late. Tiki bar near the ocean would be great, but it was Turtle season so Island law sets curfew. I believe this will be changing in the future as they have realized it is the one major thing missing. Casino was very small as expected and not worth the time unless you like to gamble.Excursions--You can set up excursions that will keep you busy at the Concierge desk. Ride from the airport--unless you are travelling with a large group and can work out something special, the best deal is the shuttle from the resort. $30/person each way. I called cab car companies and that was the best for 2.Kids--we would bring our kids to this resort. There were activities during the day and the pool was nice with one slide. I would want a car if I had kids so I could keep food costs down. Amigo grocery is a 10 minute car ride or $30 round trip cab ride. Also at the same place you will find KFC, Subway, Burger King.Shopping--we found a place called the Carribean Trading Company that is right around the corner from the convenient store across the main highway. They put together all the local specialties for gift baskets for the resorts. Unique stuff and decent prices. Locally made jewelery, coffee, and hot sauces in addition to many other things. Not some cheap souvenier store so no T-shirts. Wrap-up...if you go here expecting a high end resort with resort pricing and plan accordingly, you will have an amazing time at this beautiful place. If you book on Expedia, get a great deal, and don't plan properly, you are in for a rude awakening which is what I see in a lot of the reviews. This is a great resort with a great staff that went out of their way for us. We will go back here with our without the kids. Sorry, no pictures since we lost our camera on our way home.

Great location and service Stayed 3 nights on way home to Australia. In very spacious fireplace room on my own, despite booking cheapest internet rate on site. Very helpful front desk staff, enjoyed the evening eats and wine tasting. San Francisco greeter also terrific. Great location. Walked my legs off but close to cable cars/bus as well. Very floral for a guy on his own but would happily go back with wife.

A Wonderful Week in A Beautiful Place Our group of 10 stayed at the Bahia Principe in Punta Cana from April 16-23. We have read almost every review before going and were extremely happy we picked this place. I can't add anymore to this review that hasn't been said about its beauty and overall accomodiations. I would like to address some of the reviews I have read in relation to being there. Many people have complained about the language barrier and I could not disagree with them more. We found no trouble talking to the people working there. We spoke and understood enough of their language and they did ours as well. Wether calling for service or questions or ordering a drink, we found no trouble. The other issue was the food. Yes, it is a resort, it is not a fine dining emporium. If you are looking for a Wolfgang Puck caliber...then go to his resturant. I sum this all up as....you are in their country, they are trying to accomodiate our tastes in cooking. Give them a break. This holds true to the language too. You are in their country, they are trying to accomodiate our language. Expecting them to speak our language is like them coming here and complaining that we dont speak their language. Think about it.We all had wonderful meals at the specialty resturants. It is a dining experience so dont expect to be out of there in an hour. We ate at the Jap., French, Mexican, and Steak house. All very very good. The buffets were different each evening. Breakfast and lunch seemed to be the same each day. Room Service was also available and very fast.The beach is absolutly to die for. White powdery sand and clear blue water. We stayed there everyday. The pools are massive and plenty to choose from. The water there was warm with a pool bar at each. No problem getting chairs if you were at either place by 8 in the morning.It isnt a bad walk from the lobby to the beach so don't let this stop you. There are plenty of trams running 24 hours a day. We stayed at the Golden Club buildings and is well worth the upgrade. The rooms are beautiful and the cleaning service is excellent. They cleaned the room during the day and then straightened up at night. Close to the beach and pools. While no place is perfect, we found this to be right up there with our other favorites. I would definetly go back and reccomend it to anyone.

Trendy, Close to Gay Area What a wonderful experience.We booked this hotel primarily because of its location and the positive reviews on TripAdvisor -- and we were happy we did.The hotel is in a great, central location. Close to everything (Near Gran Via metro). The decor is very minimalist and trendy. The room was much more minimalist than I would choose for my own home, but was fun for a vacation.Service was friendly and helpful.I had read negative comments on street noise (the down side of a great location) -- however our room was on the back so this was not a problem.As a gay visitor, a great advantage was that it's steps from the bustling Chueca district with most of the gay bars and clubs.

A Bit Tatty, but Great Location We were moved to this hotel by the Eurostars Cristal Palace, because of construction. Luckily, since location was one of our prime decision points, the Avenida Palace was one block away on the Gran Via de Catalunya.It's a very old-school hotel. Lots of rosewood and plush. Unfortunately, it appears to have seen better days. Things are a bit tatty and worn.Service was wonderful. No compaints.The itnernet connection was a bit problematic. They had an expensive 2-tiered plan. The cheaper one (11 euros/day?) had limited capacity and services. Perhaps I'm spoiled by my experience in the states, where it is often free -- but in this case, I paid more for less.

lovely hotel but.... The Intercontinental is a lovely hotel.The restaurant bar are exceptional.Just problem while i was there in Oct.There is a building site to the right of the hotel,where many of the rooms face!So noise can be a problem.Also the front of the hotel faces the Boston fire Dept.That was very noisyon 1 of the nights i stayed there.

Great little hotel This was the perfect place to celebrate our 40th wedding anniversary.Angela was a gem, even arranging for flowers for the room and a perfect dinner reservation near the Ponte Vecchio. The room was largewith wonderful, high ceilings. We walked to the center of town and the sights or took the local bus. The inside the gates parking for our car was a real plus.

Highly Recommended! I stayed in a normal room on the 8th floor btw Jul1-Jul4 and was very impressed by this hotel - the rooms and the facilities are great but the staff were the most impressive - just outstanding! The breakfast was sensational. The location was excellent.

Great stay! Terrific room and location! My wife and I stayed two nights in October in one of the newly renovated rooms away from the river. The room was both large and very stylishly modern, exquisite, with a large outside balcony. Great bathroom. The staff was friendly and helpful. The breakfast was excellent with a wide range of selections and coffee made to order. The breakfast room itself is large and well lit by huge windows with a great view of the hillside across the Arno.The location is hard to beat, most all sights are within walking distance. The walk is quite short to both Piazza della Signoria and Santa Croce. For gelato lovers, Vivoli is nearby in the maze of small streets. One can definitely have two different experiences in this hotel. I had stayed there two years ago in one of the older rooms on the river side. The room was adequate and the view was great, but I prefer the newer rooms without the view and would request one in the future. I felt it was a better bargain.We will certainly be staying there again.

Great stay during the Biennale! The owners, Stefano and Susanna, and staff really took good care of us throughout our stay. As with other reviewers posting here, they arranged early breakfast for us on the day we were flying home. The photos here and on the website are accurate representatives of the clean and stylish rooms. We had a great view of the courtyard and the Doge's palace. Good breakfast. We njoyed the warm pastries with apple filling. Coffee was made to order. We were always full enough that we never tried the omelletes, though they were always offered.For those debating whether or not to buy that extra guidebook, they had a small library of guidebooks at the front desk. Also umbrellas--though it only rained a bit one afternoon out of 4 days. Early in our visit, we took the Secret Itineraries tour of the Doge's Palace and could see our room and balcony from the top floor near one of the cells in which Casanova had been imprisoned. It was sort of cool looking back at that window from our room. Overall, the location could not be better. We were in the center of everything, but it was very quiet. It was great to be able to come back to our Ca' dei Dogi oasis throughout the day for short rests. We will definitely return!

Ubud's best kept secret Villa Room balcony

Peaceful time at The Orchard My girlfriend and I stayed for almost a week at the Orchard and had a fantastic time! The staff was friendly, the rooms were well-furnished with very comfortable beds and the restaurant made a tasty burger. Additionally, the hotel is centrally located - easy walking or taxi distance to anywhere you want to go in the city and there are plenty of hotspots nearby to stumble home from. Wireless internet was included with the room the staff made sure we had a steady supply of clean wine glasses. An easy standout!

My Wedding My family I visited this resort in August 2004. This Resort was beautiful, clean, and the beach was everything you could imagen. Front Lobby has two grand stair cases. Exotic flowers and furniture. After traveling and the bus ride, we arrived at the resort and our wedding guest and I were in awe. Staff was very polite, although it took roughly an hour to get to our rooms. When we booked 6 months earlier we requested the honeymoon suite as the wedding couple. But were given an ocean view room with two double beds. The view was breath taking. But our room was nothing special for a Bride and Groom. We spoke with front desk and they said they couldn't help us with a room change. I found this to be of poor service to the Bride and Groom who undoubting should have a honeymoon suite.We had a wonderful time with Family and friends through the first two days. Then on the 3rd day we were informed our wedding which we had booked for 5PM Sunset on the beach for August 25th. Was moved ahead to August 24th. We had planned to have our wedding date on my Fathers Birthday since he had passed away and could not attend. This was disappointing, and again the hotel would not assist us in keeping the same date as planned. Also my identical twin brother who walked me down the aisle was very upset in the change of date. The day of the wedding I went to the Salon spa to have a Gel nail repaired and painted before the wedding while I was getting my hair done. The girls in the spa had not seen a gel nail product before, but insisted they could fix it. The one girl tore the gel nail off but doing so also removed most of my actual nail. This was my RING FINGER. I felt a panic starting to set in, and they continued to tell me it was ok...and they could still fix it. I was in pain, but also worried that as my ring finger was bare of a nail. I asked them to do something. So I placed a small band aid over my open nail bed. And they glued a spare nail found in a vase to the band aid with hot glue. Then painted this to match my other nails. I was Horrified. I really did not know how to react. I left the spa before having my hair finished. This is truely the worst service at a spa anyone could ever recive.Also The morning of the wedding we were informed that the resort staff could not set up the beach for our wedding, as they said weather could turn at any moment. They then decorated the Lobby balcony for our wedding. My uncle spoke with the Hotel Manager and told him we did not fly 20 guests at $1100.00 each to hold our wedding inside a building. So we were able to continue the wedding on the beach without flowers or chairs.We paid $1200 US upon arrival at the resort for our wedding package, which we were told included a wedding coordinator. But of course we were told the wedding coordinator was away on business that week. Everything I picked out from the books was not done for us. Including type of flowers. I picked a local exotic flower in a small bouquet. I got large peach roses that were weaved into a flower display that went to the floor. The hired Judge did not correctly say our names. But we proceeded anyways. We did hire a band for an extra $375 US. Which were worth every penny. They played music on the beach for the wedding, and then followed us to the beach bar where we socialized with family as the played beautifully. During dinner they played the entire time. And also played 5 songs for us to dance too. Although the dinner it's self was great from what I heard. I myself The Bride did not get a meal... and family I all informed waiter staff three times, then was told the kitchen was closed. This was all in an hour and half from the start of dinner The day after the wedding, I went to the safe to get some of my things, and my Austrian Crystal Martini necklace and matching earring, with Emerald and ruby olives on them were gone. This was my wedding gift from my husband. I ran to the front desk to report this, but was told nobody could speak English and I would have to come back later. I kept going back every 10 mins and asked to speak to the manager Rueben. Nobody could speak English when I needed to report the theft. But on a different occasion I went to the front desk and asked for a room key to my room. They handed me one key with no questions asked. This made me very uncomfortable as I only requested a room number and not even by name. This resort was very beautiful and the beach was even more amazing. But hotel staff was impossible and I felt very disappointed even with all the excitement of our wedding. The more time that has passed I feel more robbed of what should have been an amazing trip and celebration. I will NOT recommend this place to anyone planning to get married. OR looking for a place with great staff. If you are looking for a beautiful hotel and beach this is the place to go. DO NOT BRING ANYTHING YOU VALUE, BECAUSE THEIR SAFES ARE NOT A SAFE PLACE TO STORE THINGS EITHER.Other wedding guest staying at the hotel also reported theft of items, high heels, clothing, and money left in shirt pocket from visiting the beach market. My family is very easy going, and despite all this... we still look back and say what a great time. And laugh about all the mis-haps... But in all honesty no vacation or wedding should have this many problems.

Not bad, not great Our family of four (2 adutls, 2 children) stayed at the Crowne Plaza at the end of June. Overall, the hotel was fine in all the basic categories: the rooms were fairly nice, comfortable beds, nice LCD TV, clean, and so on. The hotel has a good location. It's only about 10 minutes walking -- leisurely -- to the waterfront and you can walk to Qwest or Safeco field if you've got the time. Similarly, Seattle center isn't far and can be reached by mono rail about 5 blocks from the hotel. So, why the middling review you say? We booked on Hotwire, so we were paying less that $100 a night for the hotel. Any more and I would've been a little more disappointed. The biggest complaints I have are the incidental charges. Now, I know 'there are no free lunches' but I have not stayed in a hotel in years that didn't provide WiFi in the room rate (it was $9.95 for tv internet and, I think, the same for a regular lap top connection). The hotel's parking garage is valet parking and goes for $35 a day. I thought this was outrageous until I discovered how much parking costs everywhere in Seattle, but really the parking was nearly half as much as the room rate PER NIGHT. I read on another review too that elevators take a long, long time and this is true, but not the type of thing to upset me much. Rather, I don't like being 'nickel and dimed.'I'd say the hotel is acceptable, not as affordable as it looks, and I probably wouldn't stay again based on the combination of the two. I think a better value can be had for the cost and without the hassle of being charged for things you'd generally not expect to pay for.

Enjoyed the Ritz I stayed at the Ritz for 6 nights with my wife and 1 year old son. Overall, we had a pleasant experience. The hotel is beautiful, especially the pool. My son loved the different pools and there is a nice pool area for kids with slides. The service was pretty good, but expected a little more for a 5 star hotel. They ran out of towels for the pool one day. But the people are all very friendly and love kids. There is a kids play center and an inexpensive babysitting service (about $5/hr). The spa is awesome although pricey, same with the restaurants. We enjoyed the Ritz and would recommend to others. Also recommend hiring a driver for a day. We used a guy named Putu who was excellent. Costs from 300.000 Rupiah to 450.000 Rupiah per day per car. He has an air conditioned SUV and provides a great tour. He is very proud and knowledgable of Bali culture. Highly recommend Putu's tour :

Stunning hotel, decent location We stayed in the executive floor, which features spotless and very classy rooms. The lounge is wonderful, with Glenlivet and other high end liquor on tap, and tasty snacks. The remodeled rooms featured plasma screens, and electric everything. Overall just beautifully appointed, and not too expensive by Tokyo standards. The staff is wonderful, too.The hotel is maybe a quarter mile from a subway intersection, but the walk is long if the weather isn't cooperating. It's not walking distance to anywhere else, really, although there are some nice restaurants within a couple of blocks.Bottom line: a five-star hotel, a three-star location

Great Location! Great Service! Small room. This hotel is in a GREAT location! It's just a block from Boston Commons. The hotel and its staff are wonderful. I believe there are 5 restraunts attached to the hotel, so if you love food, you have a lot of choices.My room was nice although extremely small. I booked an economy room. The bed was probably the best hotel bed I've slept in to date. The bathroom was a little beat up and could use some fixing up. It felt old (which I suppose it is).I thoroughly enjoyed my stay at this hotel.

Hotel just okay. Location (Fenway Hallway in hotel

Great, Hip Hotel with unhelpful staff The Charlesmark is within a few blocks of Copley Place, Boston Commons, and Newbury Street.The room I had was great, oozing with style. My room looked out on the very busy Boylston street but was extremely quiet. The only negative thing I have to say about the hotel is in regards to the staff. Every time I interacted with them, I was made to feel as though I was bothering them. The only interactions I had were checking in and out. Lame.If you checking before your room is available, they will hold your luggage for you. However, they do not have a room for luggage and instead store it in the bar, under a counter. They run a wire through the handle and lock it up, but it's still out in the open. There are two computers attached to the internet downstairs, very handy.All-in-all, I would stay at this hotel again. The room/location were nice enough to make me overlook the rude staff members I encountered.

THERE IS SUCH THING AS PARADISE Where shall i start.. we were at this hotel 12/06 - 26/06 and have just returned and couldnt wait to write this review as im still buzzing. I cant believe some of the reviews i read on here before going (mainly the americans that complain about anythign and everything). I have stayed in 2 iberostars before (Iberostar founty beach in morrocco and the iberostar tucan in mexico) so i knew what quality to expect and was not disappointed one bit.ok starting with the flight:We flew with first choice as we always do, perfect flight, no delays. we flew premium class and would always recommend this for long haul as the seats are 36 inch pitch, lots of good movies and free food and drinks. Heard many bad reports from people that flew thomas cook and other companies as the seats are very cramped. The airport is lovely, a typical carribean looking airport with thatched roof and locals serenading us as we walked in. Bus journey approx 40 mins to hotel.Hotel:Lovely open reception lobby with lots of marble. Thatched roof. There is a lovely pond area with turtles too.. very nice touch.The hotel shares the facilities with the adjoining Iberostar dominicana, which is identical in every respect, and are connected via the buffet restaurants. The third hotel within the complex is the Hotel Iberostar Bavaro which can use the facilties of the punta cana and domincana but we couldnt use their facilities as that is supposidly a superior hotel, although we didnt think so. The surrounding gardens are well landscaped and maintained with lovely fountains etc. You will also see peacocks and pink flamingoes wandering about freely. The pools are freeform and always nice and warm, and very nice just to sit in with a cocktail in your hand. The punta cana pool is a bit quieter as the dominicana one has water polo and aerobics going on etc. The grounds and hotel were always spotless. It may be nice to tip the gardeners and cleaners as they often tend to get overlooked when it comes to tipping but their job is equally important to ensuring a great holiday.Rooms:After reading reports on here we took the advice of one traveller who advised us to tip the recptionist when getting room. We asked for an upgrade to a junior suite and got one just by asking. I tipped him 10 dollars for it. I was so glad i did too because the room was beautiful Very clean, lovely air conditioning that was quiet (many guests in normal rooms complained it was loud), nice balcony overlooking the gardens, tv, coffee maker, iron, hairdryer, nice bathroom with shower (although the water pressure wasnt great) Also as it was a junior suite, we had a seperate living area with sofa etc.One thing we did notice were lots of minute little ants in the bathroom. Always seemed to apepar after the cleaner had been in, i think it was the roses etc that the cleaner left that attracted them. If you are staying in the dominicana side, you wont get a junior suite as they are only in the punta cana side. They are also much more modern decor wise etc.Food/Drink:Superb - all of it! Cant believe how people find things to moan and whinge about.. what do people expect??? caviar and lobster?? well you can get that here aswell and all free !!The main buffet restaurant was great with show cooking, steaks made to order, fish, pastas, big salad bar, burgers, chips, pizzas, you name it they had it.The speciality restaurants you get 4 reservations for a 2 week stay. We went to the steak house twice which is lovely and on the beach. The sirloin steak done medium was to die for.The mexican was lovely too and the gourmet was beautiful.. we had lobster and you could get caviar on the starter bar. Didnt try the medditeranian one but the japanese was lovely.. never had sushi before and it was lovely as was the thai green curry.The star rock cafe is great and you can visit as many times as you wish. Its air con and you get served by waiters. It is done in an american theme, very nicely done and it opens at 7pm. The earlier you get there the more chance you have of getting in.The drinks were quite good too.. not as good as when we were in mexico or in the riu merengue which is where we stayed last time in domincan (north). but they were still nice. The local beer presidente is nice but can be gassy and loses its head quickly. Cocktails are lovely. The shorts are ok too.. no jack daniels though (gutted) altho Jim Beam, Smirnoff, Gordens, etc are available. Wine was very average (typical cheap wine).Entertaiment:Hmmmm not the best. The Iberostar Tucan in Mexico was far better where they had professional chereographers etc while here they only hired them in once a week. The shows were mainly ran by the animation team where such shows were Mr Iberostar, Men vs women etc. some of the better shows were the michael jackson show and the hollywood movie show. Also the shows are in the outside theatre which gets very hot and humid at night (bring the insect repellant)We spent every night at the air conditioned casino.. 3 blackjack tables, 3 and 5 card poker, 2 roulette tables plus one electric roulette machine, and lots of slit machines. The casino got very busy later on. The drinks are all free in here too.There is also a piano bar playing live music which we prefered to the shows. There is a bar by the beach too which is nice for a cocktail watching the stars. Once a week the animation team host a beach party at night. This was great. BBQ and beach games etcBeach:WOW WOW WOW ! pure white powdery sand and clear turquoise warm seas.. beautiful. Great for snorkeling too as small coral reef a short swim away.. lost of great fish. lots of palapas too to escape the hot sun if required.Daytime activities:water polo, beach football and volleyball, darts, archery, aerobics etc all organised by the animation team. Great if you want to be more active.Staff:Fantastic as all the domincans are. They serve you well and always say hola Tip them a doller here and there and they appreicate it sooo much, as remember its a poor country and these guys work long days for little pay, and still dont stop smiling.Excursions:We did outback safari which we also did last time we came to the dom rep. Its a great day and highly recommended. You get to see the real dom rep and have great fun too.We also did Saona island - save your money guys. Didnt enjot this at all. The island is meant to be pure paradise but the beach at the hotel is better as is the sea. You get three hours stranded on this beach with nothing to do. Its a very long day 6.30am pick up and dont get back till 7pm.Overall:Fantastic and superb. How people can complian is beyond me, although like i said its mainly the yanks. although to be fair most of those liked it too. Check the bad reviews, hardly any english. Trust me you will love it here, if you dont you must either be mad or american.

Fantastic experience Loved the Marriott!What I liked:1. Very comfortable room. Spacious, had a microwave and a sink.2. Large bathroom .. huge bath-tub.3. Location is good. CBD is a 5 min walk. Hyde park is across the road. Oxford Street, round the corner, has great food and drink options.4. Service is great. I thought my camera was stolen, and I reported that to reception. They went to great lengths to investigate it. Much appreciated. I found the camera in my own bag later.5. Complimentary chocolate, left on my bed by the house-keeper!6. Roof-top swimming pool is awesome, with a great view.What I disliked:1. The room and fittings are a bit dated, though not ugly.What I'm neutral about:1. The gym looked alright, though I didn't use it2. The bars restaurants seemed fine too, but I didn't use them.

Excellent Service The best service I have experienced so far in Australia.Very courteous, provided full information when asked anything, helped with luggage.Location is fantastic. Right next to Darling Harbour. Perfect for a holiday in Sydney. Also perfect for a business trip (close to CBD office areas and Pyrmont).The room was very nice. Took me a while to locate the bar-fridge though. Internet was good quality too (not free).Room was a bit dark.

Not much of an *apartment* Positives:1) Nice and clean2) Courteous Staff3) Very good location (for tourists and business-travelers)4) Internet is probably cheaper than most hotels ($12 for one hour, $24 for a 24 hour block).Negatives:1) Floor smelled of cigarettes (I might have been on a smoking floor)2) Apartment only had a microwave and a bar-fridge - not much of a kitchen(ette).3) Bed was uncomfortable - quilt was tucked tight and low ... I struggled to get it upto my chest (and I'm not tall). This seems a common theme across all Medinas.4) Apartment was tiny5) View was nothing to write home about6) Power button on TV remote would NOT turn the TV off. It would just bring me to the Pay-per view menu.What I cannot judge:1) Pool Gym - never went there2) Parking - never used it3) Porter service - never used it

Great Place It was a good place. Always got a smile with the service ... which is not that easy to come by in many places!The room was HUGE. Nice balcony ... Spa-style shower ... Free Broadband (yes, FREE! and fast too).The gym pool were tiny ... but there is a fitness first down the road. I didnt sample the restaurant. But every morning, they had $2 coffee in the Lobby (very good 'Vittoria' coffee).Room had a kitchenette. But no utensils. I didn't ask for any, but I am sure they would have brought some up, along with a smile.

Loved the Affinia! Loved our stay at Affinia Dumont! We were upgraded to a suite. Very spacious, clean room with comfortable beds. Extremely courteous and helpful staff. Great bargain for mid-town Manhattan. Would definitely recommend!

Yada yada book Ditto what everyone else wrote.The elevator situation is much improved. Minimal waiting. No more long waits or hour to theatre show times. Another plus at the Marquis is that they will allow a cot in a standard room to accommodate 5 people (well, 2 adults and 3 kids anyway - it fit between the double beds in the room we had). You may want to call ahead in advance to make reservations at the revolving restaurant

Great Place to Stay! Stayed here for one night last week...it's a great hotel in a great location. Only two blocks from fisherman's wharf...easy walking distance to major piers, ghiradelli Square, and the cable car stop is directly behind the hotel. The staff was friendly and helpful, rooms were very nice...recently renovated with flat screen tv, great bed, luxurious bathroom and jacuzzi tub in our room. Booked a package price on Hyatt.com web site that included one night parking ($39) and breakfast buffet for two in attached sports bar that was wonderful ($35).... Had great clam chowder on fisherman's wharf....the best happy hour deal ever at McCormick and Kobeto's about six blocks away from 3-6pm M-F. Had 3 appetizers and two drinks for less than twenty bucks and the food was great! We'll be staying at this hotel again!

Balmes - Location, Location, Location Hotel was wonderful value for money. Rooms were very clean, comfortable and serviced meticulously each day. Excellent choice at breakfast with a selection of hot dishes offered every second day. Free internet facility in the hotel foyer area and a free safe facility in each bedroom. Two metro stations within easy walking distance - buy a 10-journey ticket at the easy to use vending machines within the metro stations. Ten-minute walk to the top of La Rambla. Agree with previous reviewer about the high quality tapas bar just round the corner. Would also recommend El Glop on the Rambla Catalunya - about 6-minute walk from hotel.Have stayed in a number of hotels in Barcelona - the Balmes ranks among the best.

An Excellent Choice My wife and I had made reservations at another hotel for our first Amsterdam visit, but a sale and renovations forced us to make new arrangements. Fortunately we were redirected to the Ambassade.Our comfortable room was on the fourth floor overlooking the Herengracht, and it was close to a lift. The staff were most attentive and helpful, and the lobby computer access made e-mail checking a breeze. It would be idle to point out that the staff spoke perfect English, since we couldn't find anyone in Amsterdam who didn't. The surrounding canal area is charming, and a few blocks away on Spuistraat, for example, are shops, inviting sidewalk cafes, and many quality restaurants of all kinds. The hotel is a good starting point for exploring Amsterdam, as many spots such as the Anne Frank Haus are nearby, and tram stops are within a couple of blocks. Do not bring an automobile for all the negative reasons one can imagine.Breakfast at the Ambassade is certainly ample, and we ate at the hotel for two mornings, but at 16 euros a pop, one can have a nearby cafe breakfast and a cappucino at half the price if you choose.We did indeed enjoy our stay, and feel fortunate that we stumbled on what has to be one of the nicer spots in Amsterdam, a Paris with canals. We would certainly return.

Large rooms, great water park, great location We stay at the Pointe as a family at least once a year during the summer when they have the $99.00 summer fun rate. We only live a mile from the property but our kids love the water park, and we love the suite sized rooms (400SF) with seperate bedroom and living area. You cannot beat the location if considering staying in the Phoenix area. This is close to downtown (5mi), Scottsdale Fashion Square (5mi), Biltmore Fashion Plaza (3mi), great hiking (Squaw Peak - 1mi, Camelback mountain - 2mi), and freeway (1mi). Seems there has been some remodelling in the rooms since our last stay, as rough texture on walls has been smoothed out (popcorn ceilings still present though). Also added shade coverings on the balconies, which really helps with the intense afternoon sun. We always stay in Pointe South (this is a big property with suites and cabanas, Pointe South is where the main lobby is, there is also Pointe North with a seperate pool) in a non-smoking suite, next to the pool, room 2362. This is a king bedroom, with queen sofa bed. We were really pleased with the room, as normally always get 2 queen beds (rooms are a little bigger). Room on the East side (less intense afternoon sun). Furnishings look new, and very comfortable. TVs both worked, and bed was very comfortable with nice soft sheets and pillows. My wife is allergic to down/feathers, and was no problem having comforter and pillows changed. We also checked in at 12pm (4pm normal checkin) and checked out at 1pm 2 days later, with no questions or hassles or extra fees. We spent a lot of time at the lazy river and water slide. My wife preferred to hang out in the room, and relax. We did not check out the gym, although usage was included in package. There is an 18hole mini-golf which I played with my daughter. Also 4 tennis courts (no idea of pricing). Internet access is $12.00/day (in-room) but have free wi-fi in the lobby (which seemed to work in the patio area that liked to sit in.We ate at the Hole in the Wall, mainly burgers, steaks and chicken. Sat on the patio first night, and was disappointed with number of flies. Food was okay (kids eat free a good deal), service was a bit slow, I seem to remember the same problem the previous year. This was a holiday weekend, but restaurant did not appear overly crowded, and not sure why it took 20 minutes from placing order to getting burger and fries. Made use of the buffet ($6.00/kids under 12) at lunch. Never ate at the Lantana grill, bit outside our price range. There are a number of good restaurants within 2 miles. - Golden Dragon - very good Chinese, Northern/12th St (1mi) - TexAZ grill - excellent BBQ, 16th St/Bethany Home (2mi). - Sauce - modern Italian eatery - pizza/salad, Glendale/7th St - PeiWei - Asian food (PF Chang subsidiary), Glendale/7th St - Moto - Japanese, Glendale 16th St. - Aunt Chilada's - Mexican, soft chips (opposite hotel) - Carlos Obrians - popular Mexican food 12th St/Northern - Paradise Bakery - 12th St/Glendale (good bread, sandwiches)Fast food: - MacDonalds - 16th St/Glendale (0.5mi) - Subway - 16th St/Glendale (0.5mi) - NY Pizza - 12th St/Northern (0.5mi) - Stumpey's Pizza - 12th St/Glendale (deliver) - Papa Johns - 16th St/Glendale (deliver) - Pizza Hut - 16th St/Bethany Home (deliver) - Starbucks - 16th St/Bethany Home Grocery: - Bashas - 16th St/Glendale - Safeways - 7th St/GlendaleThere were a lot of people at the property but never felt too crowded, and swimming pools were kept very clean. I was a little suprised at how relaxed everyone was with the rules (lazy river and water slide). Maybe it is the end of the season, but in previous years were very strict on height for water slide and making sure used a tube on the lazy river. Hiking at Squaw Peak, 2mi to parking, 1.25mi 1000ft climb. Very popular hike, good parking. Get there early on weekends. Can also hike at Dreamy Draw Park which is on the North side of Squaw Peak, lots of trails, and easy 1mi drive from hotel. Camelback mountain, 3mi to parking. 1.25mi 1200ft climb. Two routes, East and West. Recommend West route, but limited parking at Echo Canyon, more parking 0.6mi away. Get there early on weekends.North Mountain. More gentle, can even take the paved road to thetop. 7th St/Peoria, near Pointe Tapiteo (2mi). Cons: I got home and checked my bank account, and see a $360.00 deduction pending from my account from Hilton hotels (Hilton manage the Pointe hotels - there are three Pointe South Mountain, Pointe Tapiteo, and Pointe Squaw Peak). I knew my bill was only $283.00. I call and am politely told they put a hold on the hotel rate plus $50.00/day for incidentals, and should be credited back within 72hours of departure. Okay, how about informing me they plan to do this. Not experienced this before, and am a little upset this was not presented at checkin.

Been there for the second time, still satisfied I stayed at Agon Aldea for the second time now, and I still think it's great-great value for money.It's an average 5-storey buliding located right next to a U-Bahn (subway) station 5 mins from two big hubs, Potsdamer Platz and Zoologischer Garten. The neighborhood is not pretty, but since it's this close to the city center, it didn't really matter to me.The rooms are not too big, but okay, with satellite tv, minibar and a small, but nice bathroom (with a shower). Towels and bedsheets are always clean. Breakfast's plenty. Staff is kind and polite.It's a three star-hotel with some major adjustments which make it a great deal to stay.

Nice hotel - pretty standard View from room

Great Hotel, Great Location Was pleasantly surprised and pleased with the quality of this hotel for the price. Parking is costly, but the need for using a car is limited because of location.Very nice lobby and rooms. Will stay again.

Liked this place a lot Stylish, modern hotel. The rooms are nice. Upscale, modern looking, maybe pretentious, furniture. Big, elegant bathrooms. Staff was helpful and the location was perfect -- most of the key points of interest are within walking distance. Good restaurants are nearby. The hotel's own restaurant is also nice, if pricey. My only complaint -- no draft beer. Breakfast is really good.

Great place, families or not This is one of the finest vacation hotels I have ever visited -- and I'm 62. What makes it so special is the attention of the staff. They will help you with any question. The rooms are good and, most important for those with families, large. As far as I could tell, all were two room suites. We were traveling with a small child, and the in-room washing machine turned out to be essential.Given what the hotel is providing, the location is really a plus, maybe 200 yards from St Mark's square.

Excellent hotel, best in town Excellent 5 star hotel, can't fault it. this is my second stay and I will come back for sure. Great location, nice new rooms, friendly staff!

Great day and night view from room This hotel is simply fantstic. It boasts an excellent location with minutes o the bustling city center and shopping close by. The room was not bad, pretty nice, nothing fancy like a W or Westin though - but very god for the price we paid. If breakfast is not included in your room rate then do ot go into the hotel restaurant to have brekkie as it is expensive at S$42 per head. Rather go to Starbucks or other nice breakfast eateries nearby.

Very nice hotel in downtown Miami Very nice hotel, clean, good comfortable beds and great breakfast.Very close to Bayside nad the Port of Miami, hence ideal for pre-and post cruise travellers.Highly recommended if staying in this area of Miami.

Great hotel in excellent location Hotel in excellent loction opposite the central station. Room was clean, neutral and bed was comfy. Breakfast was also of very good standard. Staff very helpful and knowledgeable!

Fantastic hotel! My girlfriend and I booked two rooms (one for us and one for my brother who was visiting us) for each on their limited offer back in February. We stayed for just one night on 12/04/07 and can say that it is the best hotel experience I have had. Though that may be my relieved wallet talking! :Danyway, we arrived early evening and were warmly greeted by an Irish lady at reception (snazzy uniforms, by the way), and were checked in quickly. We were informed there were free papers (guardian and Evening Standard, lovely), though we were a bit miffed when she told us we couldn't replace our free breakfast yoghurt (we can't eat milk) with an extra piece of fruit each. didn't get why this was, as the fellow we emailed said we could. Ah well, at i can't moan too much. We then went up to our rooms, noting the free internet PCs (5 of them) and roaring fires with comfy seating in the lobby before stepping into the small but funkily tiled lifts (elevators for the yanks). The corridors continued the hotel's funky and trendy feel, though I might [--] that the red lights had the feel of a brothel! (or should I say what a brothel might feel like!)The rooms themselves were of a reasonable, imaculately clean, and furnished to a very high standard. This included a flat screen television with free music streams, radio, numerous TV channels (none foreign) and free internet with the provided keyboard. There was ample storage for somebody staying a night or two, as this hotel is aimed more at the business market, but couples, say, staying for a while may not have enough room. There was a smallish fridge with 2 free bottles of water and milk (not needed thank you!), and a digital safe to store your doo-dahs in the wardrobe. The bathroom. There were plenty of towels (plus more on top of the wardrobe), two free bottles of shampoo/conditioner (not really enough for two people), and an actual new bar of real size pears soap. I couldn't believe this, to be honest. I know it's only a small detail, but having that and a soap dish rather than hotel brand cheap soap made me smile! the shower itself was luxurious, with a separate handheld attachment for your...y'know. Back in the bedroom and the drawer came stocked with a hairdryer, bottle opener with pen-knife and corkscrew, map of the local area with restaurant and bar suggestions and a pad of paper and pencil. In addition to this were the usual coffee (standard and decaff in fresh ground bags rather than instant granules) and tea (twinings english breakfast an peppermint teas) as well as coffee and splenda sweeteners. There were 2 of: wine glasses, tumblers and mugs and a little tea cup-cum-sugar bowl type thing (it got left well alone!).By the large window (which faced out onto the willow street offices (nearly opened the curtains whilst nude - whoops)) was a sofa to recline on whilst watching television. That was until I found out that the TV could be swivelled outwards and to the side to face the bed! the bed itself was quite luxurious with warm, comfy duvets and clean, crisp sheets. The quirky scissors, paper, stone scatter cushions were a nice, and comfy, touch. Back to the point about the breakfast bag. I wrote a little note on it saying about the yogurt situation and was pleasantly surprised when I found the next morning that they had not only gone to the extent of supplying us with an extra piece of fruit (apple), but had also given us an extra bottle of orange juice and another bottle of water! EACH! thanks hoxton and pret!checkout was smooth and fast, with two extra staff coming over to attend the desk when they saw us waiting for a minute. About the area: the area is definitely not the glitz and glamour of Knightsbridge. It is a predominately residential area, whough in the past few years business men and women as well as quirky restauranters have set up shop. Because of this, the area is very fashionable. I would even go as far as to say that because of the residential area, you are in much less danger of being mugged as a tourist here than in, say, Victoria. Also, there are numerous buses that serve the area, with Old Street BR and Tube station withing 5 minute walking distance, and Liverpool Street within 10 or 15 minutes. All in all, a fantastic stay and a wonderful bargain, even if you get it for or a night.

Good overall but also pricey for what you got! Chose this hotel because it looked decent and a bit more contemporary than some other 4-5 star hotels that appear to sometimes be quite dated, even if clean. Everything was good in terms of cleanliness and prompt service etc. We got one of the rooms on the top floor (601) with a nice view of the Eiffel tower. The room was not that big but ok for our needs and bathroom was relatively clean. The only downside was really that it felt a bit as if one was only paying for the decor. I mean, one small soap for two people is a bit tight and even more so if it is not replaced with a new one after the first day. Same for shower gel. I mean it does not cost much, and i appreciate hotels trying to avoid customers just bagging them every day but you should expect one soap per person at this room price. That was the only downside and it would have been nice to have breakfast included at this room price too although it was clear before that it wasn't and that it is pretty standard to have a room without breakfast. However I stayed at other hotels that are much better in terms of price for money, but in other cities, Lisbon, Brussels etc. Paris seems a bit more expensive. If that is acceptable to you, go ahead and book this one, as it is a nice small smart boutique hotel that your significant other should enjoy as well.

Absolutely Beautiful Pretty much the same as the pic before

Central location, clean rooms and service minded staff Service minded staff, small but clean room, very close to the subway - no problem in going with subway from airport to the hotel. A nice little hotel where the staff was very kind and helped out with relevant information to get the most of the stay in NY. If you want to be in the middle of the city life - this is the place to stay :-)

Decent London Hotel London Bridge Hotel is well served by both the London Underground and British Rail (probably too by bus, but we did not use any buses to substantiate this comment), and is less than a 5 minute walk from the Underground/train station.We checked in a little early (about 13:00), and there were no no-smoking rooms available at the time, but one was reserved for us for later in the afternoon. We left our case with the concierge without a problem.We returned to the hotel at about 17:00, and the room was now available. We were told we had been upgraded to a Superior room (maybe because of the earlier room unavailability?) While the room seem especially superior, it was very well appointed: robes, slippers, iron and board, complementary still water, toiletries etc. The one complaint we had was the noise from a generator (or air con unit) outside the window, however with the windows closed this became only a low hum.We returned to the hotel at about midnight, and the residents bar was still open, and had a wide choice of drinks available.The bed proved to be very comfortable.Breakfast was self-service. There was a wide variety of cereals, fruits, breads and traditional Full English fare. Our only complaint with breakfast was that the eggs were not free-range would expect a four-star hotel to be offering the best quality products on the a hotel I would stay with again, providing the price was right, as it was clean and well located and you ask for more than that!

Great Hotel My wife and myself have just spent six nights at The Royal Park Hotel. From start to finish we had superb service throughout the hotel. Admitted it's not the cheapest, but I think for Tokyo it represented good value. Very well positioned, with direct access to the metro system, and direct coach link to Narita airport.We had an exective double, (two flat screen tv's!!) 24hr free internet access. The only complaint I can think of is the small size of the bathroom, but the high standard of bathroom toiletries and towels more than made up for it's size. (and the loo seat!! OMG!) I would highly recommend this hotel.

It's all true Yes, it's all true what other reviewer's have written about this hotel.Quiet, yet central. Clean. Rooms are small, but at the price represent good value in Hong Kong. We used the restaurant for breakfast on some occasions, we also used the buffet dinner a couple of times.. We had no complaints. I will say a special thank you to ALL members of staff. The service and helpfullness was excellent. We left a couple of bags with the concierge while doing a side trip to Macau. No problems. Also reccomended take a taxi to the airport, pointed out for two people only about more than the hotel bus. Plus the conviance of door to door! (Trip advisor: when you going to add spell checker!!!)

More a preview than a review Not arriving till late August - Halloween week, and the service here has already been outstanding.Reception and booking was a dream - outlined all the options and took only a few minutes to get confirmation email.Justin, Guest Services Manager, if he's an indication of the service and hospitality of this hotel five stars will not be enough!!Poor guy has been email stalked by me for suggestions, restuarant bookings, limo bookings etc etc and it's been an outstanding service he has provided.Can't wait to shake his hand!

Pleasantly Surprised I have to say we were pleasantly surprised when we opened the apartment door. There are two reasons for this. Firstly, the tower was built in the 1970s and has a hideous, boring brown colour reminiscent of many of the high-rise buildings of that time. Secondly, we had seen a couple of bad reviews on TripAdvisor and we were sceptical about the place. We had booked the two bedroom apartment in the Deluxe Category for a decent price, considering it was the Australia Day long weekend. Upon entering the room, we found that it had been fully renovated and all of the appliances and furnishings were quite new. The apartment was spacious and tastefully decorated, with clean bathrooms and large balconies. This was a positive start. Another good point about this hotel was that with each apartment you book, you receive a free, secure undercover parking space. The car park is tight and somewhat confusing (because of the RESERVED signs that are placed in front of 90% of the spaces), but for a free spot so close to Circular Quay we can't complain. While the York is close to the Opera House and the Harbour Bridge, it is at least a 20-30 minute walk to Darling Harbour and the Aquarium. Because we have already seen all of the major attractions in Darling Harbour, and because we normally drive to Sydney, I would most probably stay here again. For an overseas tourist however, they may consider staying somewhere more Central (ie somewhere in between Circular Quay and Darling Harbour).

One day in DC We stayed at the DC ES on Friday Feb 8th for a single night. We are a family of 4 with 2 children (9,7) so a safe well located place with 2 rooms and an easy breakfast is very important. This hotel fits that bill nicely. Absolutely no road noise (except for the rare siren), comfortable beds, and a breakfast that allows even the most picky eaters to find something (e.g. pancakes, eggs, sausage, fruit, cereal, made to order omalettes, waffles, coffee, juices, and on and on) made this an easy choice. Admittedly, we tend to prefer to stay at ES's, so the fact that this one was rated #1 in the city made this a no brainer. I do like the fact that ES tend to be very consistent, and this one was no exception. Parking was about $24 a night for indoor self parking, Internet was about $10 for the day, but I got the impression from reading all the other reviews that these charges were similar to other area lodging. The view from our 8th floor (of 9 in the building) was basically another tall building but this hotel is surrounded by simliarly sized buildings, so if a view is essential to your experience, you may need to inquire at the desk or go elsewhere. U shaped pool with 3 and 4 foot sections were perfect for our sprites. Small gameroom is there, and I saw the exercise area but did not get a chance to look at it. I believe there was a new Starbucks about 2 blocks away along with a CVS pharmacy. Metro is about 4 blocks. All in all, it was a good experience and with only one day to spend, so I took no chances. About $145 with AAA. Hard to beat.

Wonderfull My family spent June 19 to 26 at The Tropical,and if it were possible ,would still be there.It was with great tripidation that we went,after having read some of the reviews.This was our 5th trip to DR and 3rd different hotel, and had encouraged my brother to bring his family.It was going to be his 1st trip. The restaurant staff and chambermaid were absulutely beautifull people ,always greeting with a happy Hola! Everyone wears name tags and if you take the effort to call them by their name they respond with smiles ,even when they are rushing about.We found the buffet food good enough with a different theme each nite,the dessert bar untouchable and the supply of delicous tropical fruit unending. Try it, you might like it!

Cozy hotel... My partner and I just returned from a recent trip to Honolulu and a stay at The Equus. The hotel it self is a cozy one, not overly decorated and with just enough amenties to keep you happy. Located right on Ala Moana Blvd., it is conveniently located close to Waikiki, Ala Moana Center and other attractions. Our only concerns were the one elevator, the on-site off site parking, located at the Aqua Waikiki Marina (just behind The Equus), and the hum of traffic that somehow filtered through the sliding glass doors (we were on the 5th floor. Other than that, the staff was very friendly and courteous, especially at the the Front desk, and the rooms were very clean and very cozy. I would definitely do a return visit.

If only they did what they said.... All of the reviews of this hotel here on TripAdvisor were fairly accurate. Unfortunately,I experienced a different side of the managment, and was left disappointed and lied to. I checked in on a Tuesday. The following morning, I went out, and left the do not disturb sign on the door. I had all of my legal papers laid out in my room, and additionally, since I was going to be back at the room shortly, the safe was open w/my computer, camera and travelers checks in it. When I returned to my room, not only was the do not duisturb sign gone, but my key did not work. I called to speak to the hotel manager, and explained the problem. After initially not willing to send someone up top my room w/a new key(they wanted me to go down 17 floors in their VERY slow elevator's), a key was sent up. I got in my room, and saw that the staff had ignore my request sign to not enter, and had cleaned the room. All of my papers that were laid out on the bed, in preperation of my presentation, had been stacked on the room's desk. This was not only going to take me several hours again to lay out, but it violated my privacy. I called the manager again to complain...she said she woul investigate, and get back to me. She never did, and then the head of housekeeping called me, and said he would follow-up. He said they would review the video tapes of the hallway, and see what transpired. Then he left another message, and said the maid had already left for the day, and he offered his assurances he'd contact me in the morning. He also left another housekeeping supervisors' name, and said she was looking into it as well, and would let me know why the room was entered into w/out my authorization. I was a guest there four four nights, and during the entire time, none of the three supervisorial people I spoke w/ever got back to me, or followed through. I travel extensively, and mistakes happen. What compounded a mistake into a serious breach of hotel managements' verbal statements blatantly indicate unprofessionalism at its worst. The hotel's management shows an obvious lack of character and integrity. All parties concerned dropped the ball. No matter how nice a hotel's amenities may be, if a guest can not count on management to do as it says it will do( repeatedly I might add) then what kind of reputation is that for the hotel. I am in NYC every month, and have stayed in many hotels. There is an old proverb...I can't hear what you are saying because what you are is so much louder. The management said they would get back to me, but never did. Disregard for guests....no follow-thru.....poor management.....violation of privacy...all elements of a hotel not worthy of patron's time or money.

Highly Recommended We were a little apprehensive about booking a hotel we only knew about from online sources. However, we needn't have worried. The hotel was great - the room was just like in the pictures, and was great value for the rate.The rooms were small - but that's how things are in Paris. But the room we had was clean, with a good bathroom.The hotel staff were very friendly and spoke great English.As other reviewers have mentioned, I'd definitely get breakfast at one of the nearby cafes.

A great place to stay in London We were very pleased with the London Bridge hotel - it was exactly as shown on their website, and was very close to London Bridge Station. We paid a little more for a upgraded room - and it was worth the extra.Breakfast was good, you get a decent flat-screen TV, and the location gives you easy, quick access to the very centre of London.We've been disappointed with other London hotels, but this was a refreshing change. We'll be staying here again in the future.

Simply Excellent ! On arrival greeted with a friendly smile and fast efficient check-in.Nice large room, clean and airy. Furnishings in good condition and bed very comfortable. Bathroom clean, and good quality complimentary toiletries.Breakfast, a good choice of continental and cooked breakfast plus additional choices made to order. The staff are what makes this hotel special, so often large hotel chains spend on the appearance and facilities only to let themselves down on staffing. The staff at the Hilton London Canary Wharf are a credit to hotels management - friendly, efficient and always on hand to help.I strongly recommend this hotel whether your stay is for business or pleasure.

Great Location, Easy Access Our lovely view, ok maybe not so lovely, but at least it's a view

Loosing it's charm For years we've been enjoying the Rio Mar Resort seasonally. Our favorite time of the year is February, although we also love the ocean during the summer. We are very dissapointed at Wyndham's new administration of the resort. They have spent millions refurbishing and remodeling the casino and some areas at the hotel, but have spent little else at the resort. The golf courses are very badly kept compared with the previous administration. The tennis center, once renowned, receives no upkeep and the roads leading to it are filled with potholes. I heard Wyndham is planning on building over 800 time-share units at the resort. To do that, they will significantly alter and shorten the golf courses and will eliminate the entire tennis center! Management at the hotel and a 7th floor presentation of the Wyndham Vacation Club Ownership confirmed these plans to us. We were so dissapointed! The resort is not only loosing it's charm already, but it is on the way of practical extinction as we know it and towards a very unattractive concept. The food has not improved and is even pricier now. Parking is still scarce (has always been a problem) and also expensive. The ammenities in general are less than before while prices are not to par with offerings. Also, they are building huge beachfront projects that have already taken away most of the views to the ocean and the natural landscape is rapidly dissapearing. What a pity!

Comfort My 4 night stay at the Hotel Rex exceeded all expectations. Here is the lowdown:Location - Perfect. The Rex is close to the Theater District and Union Square, but remote enough so that you don't feel like a tourist. Access to cable cars and buses is great. All major downtown sights are an easy walk. Also, the Bart trains are not far; if you don't mind walking 4 blocks and don't have a ton of luggage, I recommend using Bart to get to the Rex from the airport.Atmosphere - Polished and serene, with a european feel minus any attitude. My small, immaculate room on the second floor was completely silent - absolutely no view, but I really didn't care becase the decor was lovely and fun. Nice size bathroom too. Somehow, I lucked out and had a window air conditioner, but I am not sure if all rooms have this.Service - Front desk staff are attentive and hardworking. Cafe Andree has great food at surprisingly low prices. Even room service was inexpensive. The business center is convenient (no charge), and my room was promptly cleaned every day.Price - At $175 per night booked on the Rex website, I received a voucher for a full breakfast each morning and tickets to the Asian Art Museum. Well worth it, no regrets.Lastly, if I am not mistaken, the chain that owns the Rex maintains headquarters directly across the street from the hotel. If this serves as an incentive to keep the hotel running smoothly, it sure is working!

Did I Miss Something? We spent 4 nights at the Drisco in early March, which was 3 nights too many for us. I'll try to keep my comments brief. We had stayed at a terrific boutique downtown hotel (the same chain) the previous 4 nights and really looked forward to a change of atmosphere in a residential neighborhood - and boy did we get one. The room was booked directly through the hotel website. We were given a hot, dark room on the 3rd floor overlooking an interior courtyard - the spectacular Pacific Heights views we anticipated were nonexistent unless we hung out in the hallway or on the roof. Through the window, we were in earshot of every noise from other hotel rooms and the adjacent apartment building - frankly, I prefer street noise to flushing toilets, baby crying, coughing, sneezing, and various other bodily functions. We had no fan and no AC, and the room was ridiculously hot even though it was 55-65 degrees outside every day. The bed was like a rock. Yes, the room was pretty and the bathroom was large, but who wanted to spend any time in a hot, dark, loud room? Strangely, every other room on our floor had a theme name posted on the door - ours didn't - and I don't think they would take my suggestion for a name. Front desk hotel staff were aloof. They promptly reminded us that the rewards program we signed up for on the chain's website does not include this hotel; I guess I should have read the fine print. The continental breakfast they serve is on par with any other chain, nothing spectacular, and we felt rushed by the busboys. The business center, while comprehensive, charges you $4 for every 20 minutes of computer time and $0.20 per page to print. I felt nickel-and-dimed, especially since the downtown hotel we had just checked out of included these services at no charge.Pacific Heights has lovely homes and unparalleled city views, but be forewarned: parking is nonexistent on weekdays (resident permits only). Restaurants and shopping on Fillmore and Union Streets are not far to walk to as the crow flies, especailly since they are downhill. However, the return trip is a strenuous, extremely steep climb up a 300' hill. Bus routes are at the bottom of the hill, so be prepared to seriously exert yourself every day. None of this is the Drisco's fault - but it would be nice if they offered some sort of shuttle service. Speaking of shuttles - if you book any bus tours from the Fisherman's Wharf area, they will not pick you up or return you to the Drisco since the hotel is far from the downtown area and situated on the hill. Bottom line: bring money for taxis.Perhaps the Drisco would be OK for a one night stay to see the Pacific Heights neighborhood, but next time I will remain downtown.

Convenient to Metro Napoleon was superb

Why aren't all hotels like this ?! Where to begin. The rooms are just perfect. Enough space, super comfortable beds and linen, good TV service, free fast internet connection, bathroom that you want to copy for your own home and room service that is actually worth the money.Then there's the free health spa down on the 1st floor, complete with pool, sauna, steamroom, relaxation room, different types of showers, ice for body scrubbing, and massages available for reasonable rates.I know I sound like I work for the company, but this is my second time staying here, and think it's one of the best designed contemporary hotels in the region, perfect for a few nights business trip.Highly recommended.

What a dated hotel -- stepping back into the 70's? From the moment I got there, I felt like I was either in an old folks home or back in the 70's. The place looks old and in need of serious updating!I booked this place cuz I wanted a nice set-off point for my vacation in Hawaii. I had an early flight from SF airport and wanted nice and close to the aiport.It was close to the airport.I booked a room on the club floor -- cuz it claimed to be a nicer room with access to the club floor lounge. The lounge sounds nice until you see it, and it's really just a big hotel room with tacky furniture. It's one saving grace was a computer hooked to the internet. I was hoping for something classier.I'd hate to find out what it's like on the non-club floors.I went down to the bar, and it too was as classy as the rest of the joint. Tacky furnishings in a tacky bar.

Small Rooms, Good Location Room View

Rude Staff I just finished a week staying at this hotel. The rooms are nice but very, very small but the location is good. This was all over shadowed but the extremely rude staff. Not only do they ignore guest at the reception desk, but when you make a request they will make it obvious how difficult you are being even if only asking for an extra key. Rolling of eyes and grunting were common. I recomed that this be your last choice.

One of my all time favourite hotels I travel a lot for business the quality of the Hotel makes a big difference to me. I really like the Langham Place and in comparison to the Hotels in HK Island or TST, think it is excellent value. The Hotel is brand spanking new and has a fresh contemporary feel to it without being boutique like. The rooms and facilities are really excellent, the MTR is a short walk so you can be anywhere in the area pretty quickly. I love the service (I think they pay people to stand around smile !!) and the spa is wonderful (albeit a bit expensive)Only downside is that Mongkok itself is quite run down so apart from the Langham Place mall and the local markets you tend to spend 30 minutes on the MTR or in a Taxi going to the usual haunts like TST or Central.TIPS1) Buy an Octupus card, which is a pre-paid card upon which you load credit, it makes using public transport a breeze !2) Like all Hotels, the breakfast, while good, is expensive. I usually go to the nearby Mall where there is a Delifrance and Starbucks just across the walkway from the Hotel. 3) Taxi drivers don't all have good English this Hotel seems less well known the some of the other more established ones. So you really need a card from the Hotel concierge with the name written in Chinese characters to ensure you get back !I always try to stay there when in HK always enjoy the experience.

Great Hotel, a little Pricey but worth it! I stayed in this hotel for a week on a business trip. I have to say it's amenities and services were great. There is a 2 hour cocktail hour everyday from 6-8 where you can get free drinks and snacks, while tipping of course, and breakfast is also free and a huge variety of items to choose from. The hotel also has a nice hot tub, work out room, and pool in the basement level. They also have business services and currency exchange and a Starbucks on the ground floor areas. It is also located in the Reforma district and in front of the Turibus stop where you can hop on and take a 4 hour tour of the city for nearly 100 peso's per day or 150 peso's for a 2 day weekend pass, which is well worth it. The area is also central to many great tourist area's, museums, downtown, and shopping areas. If you plan on driving, the valet is $8 per day which is comprabable to most 4 or 5 star hotels. Overall I had a great experience at this hotel and if needing to go back, I wouldn't mind staying at this hotel again.

Small but perfectly formed Bedroom

Average, very average We went to New Orleans on a business trip. The meeting was based at the International House. This is an OK place, not great. The rooms are small. I mean european small. No evening turn down service or fresh towels. The front desk is quite helpful and the location is good. There is nowhere to eat in the motel and you have to walk to the Sheraton or Hilton to find a place in the evening. Only one doorman who was getting kind of stressed with a bunch of people leaving on Sunday morning. The most obvious thing I would suggest is turn down the lobby music. When we checked in it was playing classic rock so loud that we could not hear the guy at the desk. If you get a good price it is ok to stay here but at the full price I am really kind of luke warm about the International House.

Good hotel, large bedrooms, very well situated I stayed for 5 nights at Hilton Times Square. It was my 2nd time there in 5 years, usually going to Novotel NYC. I was upgraded to an executive room at the 41st floor. The room was very large, perfectly clean, with a comfortable king size bed. Nice bathroom with a real tub you can lie in. A lot of towels, changed every day, also bathrobes. Large LCD. A well-sized desk with a good armchair. An high-speed ethernet connection. Everything to work efficiently. I faced an issue with the safe and it was fixed in 10mn. My customer was also satisfied. The only drawbacks are the noises from the 42nd street, even being at the 41st floor (with outside building workers, picking even at 10pm on saturday). The 1st time, my room was on an other side, so less noisy. The breakfast could be better for 30$ (incl.tax tip), lower quality than the one offered at Novotel NYC for the same price. Service is very good (bell men, restaurant, concierge) to excellent (front desk, security and maintenance). Check-in out are very fast. Access is very simple through metro, in between the 42nd and PTA stations, a few steps from PTA terminal to commute to/from airports through the airlink shuttles.I would definitely recommend this hotel if you can get a reduced rate, the public fare of 500$ being out of the money.

Stayed for 15mins looked at two rooms gagged on the smell and left!!! Night time shoot of the hotel

BE Careful Hotel was OK, had problem with room, lack of water (Hot Cold) also had small ant infestation. Hotel opened up resources to outsiders on weekends, so you spent your time waiting to be served or dodging children in pools. Also observed staff taking cutlery from one dining table which just finished and placing it on another, not too hygenic, made sure to wash utensils before using.Hotel and staff very pleasant. Hotel was rated when I went as a 4 Star, to me it is 2 Star at best.

Overall a safe bet My wife and I stayed here the weekend of Feb 2 thru 4th '07. The hotel was easy to find and the parking situation is very good. We were able to park on the second floor of the garage each time. Parking is a steep $18/day but it is nice to not have to worry about finding a spot.Upon arrival we found we were booked in a 3rd floor room but they offered us the 15th floor when I asked. The 15th floor room only had double beds but that was a reasonable trade off.The Ohana East is right in the middle of the action. If you want to stay in the heart of Waikiki there really is no better location. You're not on the beach but it is a short walk.I give this property a 4 out of 5 stars for the following positives reasons: The room was very clean as were all the common areas. You can't really see any signs of excessive wear and it looks like the property is reasonably well maintained. The bathroom is on the smaller side but no big deal for us although some reviewers obviously differ on this opinion. (I'm 6' tall.) High speed internet is included for free- nice. As mentioned, the location and parking are both outstanding. We walked to Zanzabar nightclub a couple blocks down at around 10:30 PM on a Saturday. Based on some reviews I was expecting that we would want a cab back for safety reasons at 2 AM. Not the case- there were lots of people on the well lit street. This part of Waikiki has some prostitutes, but for us that didn't matter at all. Prosititues, due to the nature of their job, are usually friendly and harmless. They don't stay in business long if they mug people. The hotel also gives you access to the pink line trolley which alone is worth $8 for a single round trip ticket for 2 to the Ala Moana mall. The negatives: Our hallway had an odor at times. We never smelt it in the room thankfully. We're not sure what it was and didn't complain to anyone. Secondly, the internal walls of the hotel are apparently very thin. We could hear people talking on occasion.Other traveler considerations: As with any hotel in this area, there will be a certain amount of noise from outside. We were on the 15th floor and you could still hear traffic but it wasn't bad at all. However on a lower floor it might be unreasonable for some travelers. The property has AC so at least you won't need to leave your sliding door open at night- that would be a nightmare.Overall I consider this a safe bet for anyone like ourselves. We don't need pampering or spa service but we do often stay at more expensive properties (we're not rich... I'm just good at getting discounts and using priceline.com.) So, we're used to a certain level of cleanliness and upkeep. For people like us it can be a terrifying experience to look for a less expensive property- images come to mind of cockroaches, spiders, bloody sheets, ripped up walls, no hot water, etc.The world could really use more hotels like the Ohana East- less expensive with no major frills yet still clean and maintained.

Consistently Good I've stayed here a few times for business and most recently for pleasure. They sometimes have good rates for Hawaii residents, which was the case for the recent pleasure stay.In all cases the rooms have been consistent. I've never had much of a view in the P tower, but I've visited rooms in the K tower that have a phenomenal view of the beach. I assume these rooms are out of my price range by a long shot, which would explain why I've never stayed in one. The rooms are similar in quality, the main difference is the view.The rooms are relatively quiet for the location, all things considered. The beds are comfortable. The bathrooms aren't anything exciting. Personally, I think the rooms at a place like the Hawaii Prince are a good deal nicer, but it is unfortunately in the marina district and not really walking distance to the main part of the Waikiki strip.I enjoy the pool deck and especially the hot tub. This area is spacious and is actually a terrace. There is something about being perched up a few stories high that makes it pleasurable- can't really explain it.Their restaurant, Sansei, is my favorite place to eat in the entire state. If you like sushi, or even steak or normal seafood, it is hard to go wrong.Overall, assuming you get a decent price, this is a good place to stay for anybody who wants a slightly nicer property.

Decent hotel- but reserve a high floor We stayed here for three nights. We are Hawaii residents so we got a discounted rate.The hotel is recently remodeled and is, in general, in good condition. However, an extra 20% effort in the rooms would have went a long way... for example replacing the old, dirty air vents or maybe some bathroom upgrades. Overall though, the room was clean and the bed slept well.This is not a resort, it is just a standard hotel, so you are basically paying for the room. The price includes easy, fast, free WiFi which is really nice considering the big resorts will really ding you for this.Many have said they had parking problems. We actually didn't go in and out a lot, but we never had issues parking. In fact, if you find a spot in their garage, it is really nice. This is the closest I've ever been able to park to my room in a Honolulu hotel. Perhaps, if you come back late you may have trouble getting a spot.Basically this is a good place to stay if you can get a good price and you don't need resort amenities. Don't underestimate some of the things the larger properties offer though. Even active folks who don't spend a lot of time in their rooms might enjoy being able to relax in the hot tub for a half hour under the stars at night in the warm tropical air. No can do this at the Wave.One other, MAJOR consideration. We were on the fourth floor and it was LOUD. I wouldn't stay here again if I couldn't get something on a high floor. Otherwise, check a property like the Ohana East and see if they have something on a high floor.

What are they talking about? I read these reviews before my departure a week ago and frankly was apprehensive, as in: What have I got myself into?. My main purpose in posting this is to clear up some of the BS that has been posted below. This hotel is clean, spectacularly beautiful, and (imo) decently maintained. My room was spotless, the shower was hot, the A/C worked fine, the maid was courteous, the grounds and the beach were immaculate. The variety, quantity, and quality of the food offered on the buffet was excellent. Although personally I would like to see some spicier items on offer, this is a Dominican Republic problem, not an Ocean Bavaro problem. These folks like bland food,period. On a negative note, there should be a toaster available in the main dining hall every morning, not just when someone thinks about trotting it out (there is one in the secondary dining room - this is a merger of two hotels). The beaches are beautiful and well-maintained. and are probably among the nicest in the D.R., certainly compared to the Puerta Plata complex. OK, lets talk about your fellow guests: Yep, there's a lot of Francais-de-France (as opposed to Francais-de-Quebec - a totally different person, not necessarily with the same points of view. Yeah, you may consider them rude, but this is a cultiral thing and how does this become the establishment's fault? Is the fact that you find your fellow guests might have different values than yourself something we need to read about? If I had to find a major fault, it would be the gift shop. It's pricy, when there are marked prices they are in US dollars. This hotel is not in the United States, and at least 90% of the clientele is not from the USA. A rip-off, as there is a supermarket a five-minute walk from the hotel with a mixed trade of locals and tourists that treats all their customers equally, prices are marked and are in pesos. I made the mistake of trying to buy an after-dinner cigar here one evening. The clerk attempted to sell me a cigar for US$25. Even after I explained that all I wanted was an after-meal smoke, the reply was Well, how much will you offer?. No prices were marked on any of their cigars. Solved the problem by visiting the supermarket and not buying so much as a newspaper from the gift shop. With this noteable exception, this place is a four-star facility with three-star pricing. I'd be happy to spend another spur-of-the-moment holiday there.

Great Location For Those Going To Fenway Park Whenever I have tickets to see the Boston Red Sox play, I typically stay at this property. It is located just six blocks from the Orange Line, which makes it very convenient getting to and from Fenway Park. As usual, I was happy that the front desk agent recognized me and greeted me with a Welcome Back! She allowed me to check-in a couple hours early. I work the overnight shift and wanted to get some sleep before the Red Sox game. I am not a smoker, but had to book a smoking room as it was the only room type available. The front desk agent offered to send up an ionizer if the room had an unpleasant smokey odor. When I entered the room, I was pleased that I could not smell any smoke. I did not need the ionizer. The room attendant really cleaned the room well and made it fresh-smelling. As always, I was very pleased with the hotel and the people who work there. The location is ideal for people attending a baseball game or concert at Fenway Park. I highly recommend this property.

Nice Hotel Bathroom

Service how it should be We booked this hotel for our final 3 nights in tokyo and wow we loved it.The hotel isn't that great to look at from the outside.But from the inside its beautifull. We got an amazing rate on Expedia. We had an executive room on the top floors with a breathtaking view of tokyo tower. Room category included free champagne every day from the minibar. The bathrom was big with jacuzzi. It also included free executive lounge , lounge a little disapointing. Breakfast was good.Only niggle the computers use was not free. The hotel was huge and had a shop too with reasonable prices.A great hotel if your looking to pamper yourself.The service was excellent !

Fantastic Hotel 15th Floor Room

Great Hotel Great Location We stayed on our first 3 days in Tokyo and this hotel is a well suited nice stylish hotel perfect for all your needs.We booked a premium king room. The room was georgious and quite big. However my one complaint about this hotel is NONE of their premium rooms have a view of facing Tokyo tower. Only standard and corner rooms have a tower view (or so I was told , when i enquired) so bear this in mind when booking. You would think premium meant not only larger room but also better views, sadly not so. However the city view from our room was adequate.We had breakfast each morning , expcept on final moring when we had to catch a shinkansen to Hiroshima. The breakfast was ok not huge but satisfying.They have 2 computers and a laptop with internet connection which was free of charge. The lobby is beautiful and nice for a drink or two late at night.The hotel is well connected to the JR and Metro lines. However can be confusing arriving for the first time. I recommend arriving at shiodome metro station , its closer.We also found the family mart on the ground floor of great help.Please email if you would like to know more about hotel e.t.c I am happy to advise from my experience.

An Ideal location I organised a three night break for 12 friends on the basis of it being cheap and cheerful. The Lleo was ideal in locality; near to the main shopping square - Plaza de Catalyuna and near the top of Las Ramblas. It is roughly a 30 minute walk to the harbour (strolling down Las Ramblas and its many attractions - hold on to your wallets/purses). The hotel is clean, friendly and spacious; the bedrooms are variable in respect of furnishings. Two colleagues requested changes and were quickly accommodated. Some of us had electric beds! most doubles are twins pushed together but overall colleagues were delighted. Though on the fourth flooor at the front we were not aware of street noise but I would advise not to have a room adjacent to the lifts. Breakfasts were delightful - hot and cold buffet with plenty of coffee. You could sit there until midday! - but who would do that with the various delights of such a remarkable city to explore. The Tourist bus(2 possible routes) is a must and starts but a short walk from the Lleo. Airport taxi cost 21Euros for 4 with cases (though one friend paid 29 on the return).

Double standards When we arrived and saw the view from our ocean front room we were amazed and thought that this was indeed heaven. The bedroom and facilities were also very comfortable.However our initial thoughts soon turned to disappointment on the next morning when, having been told that you are not allowed to reserve pool chairs, that all of the pool chairs with shade had been reserved with towels.(They were already reserved by 7.30am!) When we queried this we were rudely told by the pool staff that those people were around, but as we could see only 5 people in the pool and 30 chairs reserved we argued the point, only to be told that it is hotel policy not to reserve chairs. It all became apparent what was going on when we saw money change hands to a pool attendant from two guests who had 4 sunbeds, two chairs, a table and shade reserved! So therefore double standards exist as it is apparent that if you pay the pool attendants some money that you can indeed reserve as many chairs as you want. We advised the management accordingly who said that they would look into the matter.Further to this we do not find acceptable in a hotel of this standard a wait of 45 (yes 45) minutes for breakfast at House without a key. There were many empty tables so I do not understand why there was any wait at all. We decided to go at 10.30 to the buffet brunch at Orchids instead - only to be told that no seating was available until 2pm.Outside people come into the hotel for breakfast and there is no priority for paying guests. Management are aware of the problem but are not prepared to do anything about it. If we had known this we definitely would not have taken the sunrise package which includes breakfast.NOT 5 STAR SERVICE EXPECTED FOR THE PRICEWe will definitely not be returning.

Beware the Apart-Hotel OK, it's my own fault for just assuming that an apart-hotel was like a suite. The last one that I stayed in was like this and so I assumed they all were.Mistake.Upon entering the room, I thought that I had lost a room as I couldn't find a bed. Eventually I realized that it just had a sofabed, which was a bit of a pain to open and close each night and not as comfortable as a normal bed. Maybe I'm just lazy.I thought that the room was showing a bit too much wear and tear as well, although it was clean.On the plus side, it has a great location right on La Ramblas - just about as central as you can get.Also the fact that there was free cable internet inside the room was a major godsend as I had to work a lot during my 'holiday'.In summary, three stars is probably too few for this apart-hotel, but four stars are probably too many. I guess it all depends on how important having a 'real' bed is to you.

Highly Recommended Stayed here for one night --got a really good deal on London Town.comThe room was superb with a seperate sitting area and the bathroom was spotless with a massive showerThe hotel staff, breakfast and the general condition of the hotel were excellentCan,t see why you would want to stay anywhere else if visiting London!

Outstanding service Stayed at the Jays based on other reviews on Trip Advisor. This place does not disappoint. We have stayed at other top hotels, including many Four Seasons, Mandarin Oriental's and Ritz Carltons. The service at the Jays is the best I have ever seen. Before we even arrived at the hotel, we communicated with Judy, the owner, and her staff to set up museums and a side trip to Versailles. They could not have been more helpful. In fact, when we inquired about a Paris restaurant, Judy said she hadn't eaten there, but that she and her husband would try it out before we got there so they could give us a recommendation. When we arrived they had a booklet waiting for us with the itinerary that we had worked on over the preceding months. Very professional. Before we left, we needed a train to Amsterdam and they went out of their way to assure we had the right train and time. With such great service, it may be easy to forget the room, but we were on a three week tour of Europe, and the room was the biggest one we encountered. It had a large four poster, king sized bed. The mattress was a pillow top. While it may have been a little more pricey than a typical boutique hotel, the level of service that was provided made up for the cost. Absolutely loved the Jays.

Outstanding hotel We stayed at this hotel for 2 nights in June, 2008. They have a few rooms in the main hotel and a few in the building across the alley. We stayed in the suite on the top floor of the building across the alley. The room was fabulous. It was extremely clean and quite large. The bathroom was spotless. The suite had a separate kitchen area that was very large. The only downside was that the room was on the sixth floor and there is no elevator. However, the staff of the hotel took care of all of our luggage, so the stairs were never a problem. In addition to the room being so great, the hotel is right behind the Doge's Palace and about 100 yards from the boat docks at St. Mark's Square. I can't imagine a better hotel in Venice.

Excellent Service View across the Lobby

Couldn't be better located As others say not cheap but all things considered it's Florence can't think of anywhere better located. No noise problems even with a room overlooking the square. Helpful staff good food. The only place that seems posher inside is the Four Seasons which is way more expensive and not at all well located.

Really Basic Frankly speaking, this is one of the lousiest hotel i've ever stayed in. However, for the price, I supposed I am not in the position to complain. Everything was so basic, the bed was so hard, the blanket was so thin, and any view from the window was non existance. The only plus points I can think of was the bathroom, which was newly renovate. Moreoever, its in the middle of nowhere and you need to take a bus or a taxi to get to the city or the nearest shopping center, Vivocity. I will not recommend this hotel unless you are really tight on budget.

Enjoyable experience at the wave. My wife and I stayed at the wave from January 20-28. The check in was quick and painless. The check in staff was very warm and friendly, actually all of the staff was very accommodating during our stay. We checked into our second floor room with the wonderful view of the mechanized parking garage(lol). The room was very clean and spacious, you could tell the Aqua company had done some room remodeling since taking over but there is still a little room for improvement. The beds are comfy and nothing beats the cool Hawaiian breeze coming in through your sliding glass door. The hotel is a quick walk to the beach and to many hot spots and eateries. I recommend the St. Germain bakery next to the hotel for breakfast, they have a wonderful assortment of freshly made pastries. My only real gripe is the parking or lack there of, if you are out past seven PM you are probably out of luck in the underground garage. The good news is that you can park at a hotel down the street and they will reimburse you. Yes, I am nitpicking but it is still annoying, Overall I had a great time at the Wave and would definitely stay there again.

Great small hotel Looking out from top of entry

Incredibly beautiful and comfortable hotel This is my kind of hotel. Helpful and very friendly service from the moment I walked in through the stay. The rooms are very, very compfortable, high tech, beautifully designed.Our room was a corner room with a view of the city, cathedral and marina on the other side.This and Portrait Suites in Rome were the top hotels in our trip to Europe.

Great central hotel Large modern bathroom

Clean central Rooms comfortable, Impeccably clean (and I'm picky!). Only 2 mins walk from the North bus station, and 5 mins from the nearest metro (Arc de Triomf) . Friendly multilingual staff. Free internet access. Small downside: No evening meals (but who wants to eat in the hotel anyway, with that many restaurants about ), and a 15 minute stroll from the centre of things (Placa de Catalunya) . Recommended.

Best of the lot! Partial photo of their delightful terrace!

Would not go back The gounds are beautiful, the beaches are beautiful the weather was nice, from there, it's downhill.The food is all buffet style and while most of it was just OK, it was just not good, I ordered two fried eggs, how can they screw that up?Well the griddle was so hot that the eggwhite disappeared and all that was left that crunchy toasted edge with yellow spots where the yolk is supposed to be. I asked the cook if he would eat that but he did'nt understand English, so all I got was that blank stare.If you want service, it is nonexistant, the natives are a nuisance hawking there wares.The room was in disrepair although the maid did an excellent job keeping it clean.We took one tour into Santo Domingo which was 3 hours away and travelling through the country gave me the impression that the Dominicans don't have much pride in their country, at any openspace where there were'nt any buildings, is where they threw their trash and I mean everywhere.I could go on,but You should be able to tell that I would'nt go back

New Hotel Lobby

Great all around upscale family resort I read alot of mostly favorable, And some mixed reviews before my visit to the Rio Mar. Here is my take. The rio mar has 5 star, 4 star, and 3 star aspects. Here is my breakdown: ..... PLANE TRAVEL: 5 stars- Four hour direct flights from N.Y.area with many flight choices on many airlines, no connecting flights to smaller islands (which many on my plane missed because of the ny ice storm) my roundtrip was $240 ...... HOTEL LOCATION AND PROPERTY: 4.5 stars- A 30 min. car ride from the airport, set on beautiful grounds with 2 nice golf courses, lots of tennis courts, Grounds are nicely landscaped. HOTEL STRUCTURE- 4.5 stars- tasteful, rustic, lots of terra cottaearthtones. Lobby is big, simple and beuatifull, not all white and marbleled like a four seasons, reminds me a larger version of the old Dorado Beach lobby ...... ROOMS- 3.5 stars. The rooms are a bit of an enigma to me. fairly small and rustic. BATHROOM was a bit tired looking, rust stains appearing around most fixtures, far from luxurious. BALCONY was great, held a table with 2 chairs. great for having breakfast. BED was awesome, slept better than @ home. MAID SERVICE was there by 10:30 am every morning. ........ POOL- 4 stars- One of the thing I hate most about Vacations is getting up @ 7 am to get a poolside chaise w/ umbrella. The rio mar is no different. get there early for a choice spot. pool is nice, w/ a 4 leaf clover shape, big hot tub, fairly lame water slide for a hotel like this, kids seemed to like it though. seperate adult pool was very nice and fairly quiet..... BEACH-4 Stars- no powdery white or pink sand in Puerto Rico,Just nice soft brownish sand. beach must be a mile long and 50 yards wide, lots of chaises. fairly big waves, lots of fun for adults and kids. Can get a bit rough depending on the wheather. need to comb the beach a little better! .... FOOD- 3 stars- Restaurants are very nice looking, good ambience. Prices are not unreasonable in my opinion(similar to new york restaurants). Food was mostly awfull. stick with fish or pasta. I don't know where they get their beef from, i doubt it's from cow. Even the burgers taste bad. Kids menu was actually good. everything was $6 on it. Aqua Luna had good Seafood, Palio was the best spot, pretty good Pasta. Ate at Shimas Twice(no other choice) it Was just plain bad. Went local twice, Richies(great views) and La Parilla(lots of bugs)both highly recommended from the staff. I found the food to be no better then the hotel food....... SERVICE: 5-Stars- Staff was very Accomodating, never rude. very cheerful. In my opinion 5 star staff abd service, prompt maid service a big plus...... THINGS TO DO:-5 -Stars- every hour they have different activities for those who don't like to sit. Hair braiding for kids, aqua robics, iguana feeding,kids bingo, P.M. bonfire w/ smores making, Poolside kids Movie at night. 2 golf courses, tennis, lots of excursions, they are pricey if you do through hotel(i rented a car(saved alot of money)..... OVERALL- Great family resort, not for a romantic getaway..... VALUE- While not cheap, I feel the hotel is priced right for what you get. P.S.-$70 resort fee is completely obnoxious, but i think most big resorts have this charge, it's a hoaxy charge, all the stuff you think is free is really not(complimentary room coffee,beach towels,shampoo,shuttle service,plus any thing else you think is complimentary is paid for for via the resort fee.) I Will be going back, overall great experience, but manage your expectations. Go for a family vacation, not for the food.

Decent Business hotel in the heart of the financial district I stayed at the Marriott, New York Financial Center from 8/22/06 to 8/25/06. The best part of the hotel is its location. Right in the heart of the financial district and opposite the World Financial Center. The rooms are strictly okay, appears old. The lobby is small. They have a Starbucks in the hotel. Cabs were easily available, and there is public parking behind the hotel. The closest Subway Station is the Rector St station on line 1. The other convenient subway station is R or W line station at Rector St and Trinity Place. The stations are couple of blocks from the rear entrance of the hotel. I also had breakfast and one dinner at a small, charming bistro called George's Sons at 89 Greenwich St, minutes from the hotel and close to R-W subway station at Rector St. Good cooking, prepared fresh.

Good hotel at a great location I stayed at the Courtyard Marriott Midtown East, 866 3rd Avenue from June 19 to June 22, 2007 on a business trip. The location is great from my office which is on Lexington Ave and 53rd St. and bang opposite the E,V Subway station on Lexington and 53rd St.It is clearly a no frills business hotel it delivers strongly on its promises. The free Wi-Fi worked very well in the room and the room itself was big, airy, modern and clean (much bigger than some of the other NY hotels I have stayed in). The check-in was smooth and hassle free. They provide complimentary USA Today in the rooms and a limited number of complimentary WSJs at the concierge desk in the morning. While the restaurant serves breakfast in its in-house it has tied up with a nearby Outback Steak House for delivery of in-room dining. A colleague of mine who was staying in the hotel at the same time said that she had great difficulty ordering in-room dinner through this process and after being put on hold a number of times, simply gave-up and walked out to have dinner. This being Manhattan, there is a wide variety of restaurants and bars around the hotel. I liked Solera (216 E 53rd St at 3rd Ave) which is expensive and focuses on Spanish cuisine and Grand Sichuan Eastern (1049 2nd Ave) which is moderately priced. Majority of the patrons at Grand Sichuan appeared to be Chinese, which in my mind is a vote of confidence in the restaurant.

Nice Hotel...Terrible Terrible Service The Hotel is new and the rooms are exciting, and I had stayed here in December, shortly after opening, however service has not improved. When I first stayed there, there was no phone book in the room and no suit case valet.This time I had three situations of the staff lying to me. First, on the cost of valet parking. Secondly, when asked why my car was not moved from the 30 minute zone after 5 hours, and thirdly my request to get a hotel information package up to my room. With all my problems, I was anxious to fill out a survey form, but after two weeks of staying there....still no form. They told me a follow-up form would be coming by e-mail. The staff just don't care. And this comes from the Management attitude.

Very smart with extras adding something special This hotel is a little away from the centre of town but an easy walk and more pleasant to be away from the typical Amsterdam party scene. The hotel was small and not all rooms are perfect but after a couple of moves we ended up in a perfect room. What made the stay however was the little extras, a nice nespresso coffee machine in each room, free coffee in the bar area and free wine and beer between certain times in the lounge.Although not worth much financially it was great to not have to worry that every thing you wanted during your stay was going to be an extra on the bill. There was even a decanter in the room included in the rate.Overall a great spot, close but not surrounded, and with a feeling of a very classy boutique hotel.

Not bad but not exciting view from room 25th floor

Second stay still spot on rooftop pool view

if you are adventuress or love to travel alone. My package deal included the round-trip non-stop flight to Puerto-Rico and the seven night stay at Coral By The sea and for the price I paid, the hotel was okay! The staff treated me well and kept my room extremely clean and well stocked at all times.If you love the beach and also enjoy have many assorted choices of restaurants to eat in,Isla Verde is the place,Plus they have a supermarket not too far from the hotel and a good walk for those who enjoy exercising .The Bus stops near the hotel as well and for 75 cents per trip, you can be in old san juan in a heartbeat but don't expect to find any kind of nightlife at all in Isla Verde ,it don't exist! I judged this hotel differently because I'm a frequent visitorto the Caribbean and South America and many of their hotels cost twice as much and in worse condition,So I guess the enjoyment one can get by staying at Coral by the sea is in the eyes of the beholder.Whatever you do enjoy yourself and remember You are on Vacation!(smile)

Lovely location Stayed at the Royal Plaza for 3 nights while on a tour around south east asia. 20 minute drive from the airport (don't know where all the traffic went).Royal Plaza is ideally located about 100 yards from Orchard road and 200yds from the Orchard MRT station. This is perfect for either getting around town or checking out all the shoping malls on Orchard road (there are dozenzs of these). Lots of places to eat nearby, including the mandatory MacDonalds.Check in was very efficient and the rooms are of a good size and standard. Overall service was very good, but the view from the room wasn't up to much. There was a comprehensive buffet breakfast which kept me going for most of the day. Never tried the restaurant, but there was a very impressive display of fancy cakes that did temp me.Overall a very nice stay in a convienent location

Only one night Had a night to stay in Singapore on the way back to UK.Went into the tourist services place at the arrivals hall in terminal 1 and they gave me a list of hotels. They said there was a special offer at the Mandarin for about / night. About 20 minute taxi ride from the airport.Very nice looking hotel. 21 floors with the atrium going full heigth inside the building (as a builder always thought this was a bit of a waste of good construction space). Very good view from the 21 st floor looking down inside to the reception area.Didn't try too many of the hotel facilities as I was only there for 1 night. However, the service was good, the room was clean and tidy, and of a good size. Only draw back was that I was on the 6th floor, so the view outside was limited.Overall an excellent hotel for a reasonable price

excellent value and service My wife and I stayed here for 3 nights in February 2008, and paid less than per room per night, including a very decent continental breakfast. Room was comfy, air-con, satellite tv, staff all wonderful, including the bag man on arrival. Position good, we thought, a 5 minute walk to the action.If we return to Florence, which I think we will, we would certainly stay here again.

Nice Hotel, currently being renovated We stayed here for a business trip. As of February 10, 2008 the hotel was in the middle of construction to renovate it. The work is being done in a way that will not interfere with your stay. I would suggest calling the hotel directly to ask if the construction is finished.We stayed in one of the newly renovated rooms. Everything was quite comfortable. You can hear conversations in the next rooms but the noise level is not so bad. On one night there was a very loud party across the street (not at the hotel) that went until the early morning. The hotel of course is not responsible for that, and it seemed to be an exception (it only happened on one of the four nights we were there).Breakfast buffet is great. Staff is great. I couldn't make the wine and cheese from 5-7 pm but I imagine it is also quite nice.Good location for a hotel. We had a GPS in our car, which made it quite easy to explore San Francisco.

Lovely hotel Myself and my girlfreind stayed at the Biltmore for four nights in June 2008, and were quite impressed by the appearance of the hotel and helpfulness of the staff. The location of the Biltmore is excellent, being just across the road from Pershing Square and its metro station. This means that prime tourist sites, such as Hollywood and Universal Studios are only about 20 minutes away. This was important for us because we didn't have a car to travel around. As for the hotel itself, the exterior but particularly the interior of the lobby is impressive. It strikes you as a quality hotel as soon as you walk through the door. The large pictures on the wall are reminiscent of the closing scene in The Shining; the corridor leading to the health centre has many photographs of the hotel's history- I thought this was a nice touch.The room we had was a little on the small side, but was otherwise fine.The health centre is an excellent amenity, featuring a swimming pool (which closes at 8 pm, which is a little early I thought), and a fitness centre (which remains open 24 hours). We ordered room service our final night, which was promptly delivered and was delicious. It was probably the best room service I've experienced in fact.The only negative I experienced during my stay was the shower in my room, which ceased to work on our final morning in the hotel, which meant I had to use one in the health centre. All in all, I would recommend this hotel. I got a good deal on hotels.com, and for what I payed my stay was excellent. The staff were courteous throughout and the facilities excellent. If I were to re-visit LA I would consider staying at the Biltmore again.

Excellent This was a great hotel in a great city. The staff were friendly, and spoke english well. The restaurant was decent for in-hotel with a great breakfast.The air conditioning didn't work too well but it was very hot while we were there.The location was fantastic. We could walk to all the action and fantastic restaurants.Would highly recommend the hotel and the city.

Great staff - good hotel for the money The hotel was alitte hard to find, but overall great value for the money - at least in New York City. The staff was exceptional - very friendly and helpful. Another guest who spoke limited Englished asked my wife and I for information about when the Queen Mary II was due to arrive - I called the front desk and they looked up the information on the Internet and called the woman back with the information. Later than night my wife and I headed out for dinner and a show and the front desk clerk offered two of their larger umbrella's in place of our small travel one - they didn't have to do that but I am convinced the staff have the guests best interests at heart.The rooms are small - smaller than I'd experienced in other 'business' hotels in NYC, but it was manageable. The bed was comfortable and the room was clean and even being right next to the theatre where 'Rent' is playing, it was quiet. The hotel offers free continental breakfasts - coffee, juice and rolls. Nothing spectacular, but it's included in the room cost. The location is great for tourists - one block south of 42nd St in between 7th and 8th with lots of shopping and dining options. If someone else was paying, I'd stay at a larger hotel, but to travel to NYC on our own nickle, we'd stay there again.

very comfortable My wife and I stayed at the hotel a year before katrina. The staff was great, especially the bar staff.Easy walking to most areas of the french quarter. A very helpful bellman/concierge who even walked us to the Napolean House on his lunchbreak. Many tours available through the hotel. We did a swampboat tour and a tour of some of the antibellum mansions/plantations outside the city. Im writing this review late,and seeing what Katrina did to a wonderfull city just broke our hearts. I hope people will go to see it now and help via thier business in rebuilding.

Great Hotel My Fiance and I returned from a 2 week stay at the palace (2/6 - 16/6) and i have to say that this hotel is amazing. I read a lot of reviews on this website before we left and i was unsure of what to expect. However, we were blown away by the hotel and especially by the staff.The staff on arrival were friendly and exlpained the various rules of the hotel, such as how to get your towels each day and when and were to eat.The room we stayed was in great condition and thankfully there was air conditioning. There is a mini bar with bottled water, soft drinks and alcohol which was restocked everyother day. They also have a safe in each room.The pool is okay but we found that, because of the palm trees, there was not much breeze so it got very hot around that area. Still, its great to have the waiter come round and take your drink order whilst your soaking up the rays!We spent most of our time on the beach, which is fantastic. The sea is clear and very clean. The only problem was you got a lot of people approaching you to try and get you to go parasailing/scuba diving etc.ALL the staff were excellent, they do anything to help you and a big shout out goes to Rafael, our waiter in the main resturant. Most of them speak fairly good english but i does help if you know some basic spanish.The food is good but got a bit samey towards the end of our stay. Im pleased to say the we did not suffer any illness nor did anyone else that we knew of.The only negative we could find is that there isnt much entertainment in the evenings but you are free to go into the other hotels in the resort to find some.All in all, we thoroughly enjoyed our stay and came back alot more relaxed than when we left. Enjoy your stay !

Nice vacations in Natura The BEACH, really good, hotter than the pool which is a little slow but it good to swin and have a drink!Second the food increase day after day, in the end it was quiet excellent, the media luna restaurant is pretty awesome, great meat and ambient!The rooms are good but could be a bit bigger, i have stay in bigger, maybe more expensive!In conclusion, it worth every penny! i recommend it!the animation its SUPERB!!!

Excellent hotel We stayed six nights at the Intercontinental from March 14 to March 20, 2008. It was our first trip to Singapore on a package deal to Singapore and Hong Kong.The hotel is lovely - truly a first class experience. The staff was bright, experienced and helpful. Our room was large and comfortable with luxurious towels, linen and dressing gowns. The breakfast buffet was a delight with a choice of freshly cooked eggs, sausages and bacon, fresh fruit and juices and much more.The staff arranged our visit to the zoo - a must see in Singapore - are were very helpful in suggesting things to see and do. We highly recommend the Intercontinental and it will be our choice on our next trip to Singapore.

Stay here if you can We stayed at the Casablanca for nine days from May 18th to May 27th.Our flight landed at JFK after 11:00 PM so we did not arrive at the hotel until almost 1:00 AM - after a wild ride from the airport by taxi. It was a relief to be booked into our room, not large but certainly adequate for two with the features that we love - luxury towels and linen, hairdryer and in-room safe. The next morning we enjoyed the complimentary breakfast of fresh fruit, fruit juices, pastries and bagels, cereals and a variety of coffees. Breakfast is served on the second floor where a 5:00 PM offering of wine and cheese is also enjoyed. We especially looked forward to this feature after long days of walking, shopping and shows - we saw four plus a taping of the Dave Letterman show. (Spring Awakening is an amazing show, with adult content). We overheard several guests commenting on how much trhey loved the hotel. The staff were friendly and seemed happy to greet us each day.They arranged for a 5:00 AM car and driver for us for our trip back to JFK - a bit of a luxury but so calm and relaxing. Our driver commented that The Casablanca Hotel is one of New York's hidden secrets. We would have to agree.

Great hotel overall Our first trip to the states and this hotel was recommended to us by friends.We stayed 7 nights and the first room we had was facing the city ,this was fine but became very noisy in the early hours as refuse collectors made a lot of noise. We were moved to a side bay view which was much better if a little darker(natural light).This is generally a well appointed hotel in a good location for the major attactions, public transport has good links and the california line tram is right outside the hotel . Price included breakfast which was excellent , great choices and very friendly/helpful staff.The hotel was clean and all the staff seemed friendly. I would recommend this hotel as all round it was very good value, and made an excellent base from which to explore the city and surrounding area.

Great Location for UBahn, Good value with a deal The hotel is located 50m from a UBahn station which makes up for the fact there are not a lot of bars etc in the immediate vicinity. We found it very easy to go a few stops on the UBahn to a more lively area especially as the U2 line runs until 12:45 on weekdays and 0300 on a Saturday night. There is a corner shop 50m away for drinks etc at a fraction of the minibar rates. Australians may find it useful to note that the hotel is next door to the Australian Embassy and there is also an Australian shop a few doors a way.The hotel itself was of a good standard without being too over the top. One very useful feature we dont get in the UK much at this budget was aircon which was vital bearing in mind the windows could not be opened due to mosquitos from the nearby river. The only negative point was the bathroom which did not have enough ventilation leading to an equatorial feel for an hour after someone had showered. The shower was also badly designed so that it flooded the bathroom floor no matter how the curtain was positioned. The overall standard was very similar to a uk Travelinn. We got a deal and paid around per night which was good value.We didnt eat at the hotel as the menus looked very expensive and we preferred to eat on the go whilst sightseeing. We found it is best to shop around as there is widely varying value for food in Berlin.The best way to travel around the city is to get the 3 day welcome card. Our advice is to get the ticket from a machine which speaks english as there are a number of similar but different tickets and it is easy to get the wrong one from a non-english speaking advisor in a station info centre. You can then pick up the voucher book from a station info centre when passing. Make sure you get the right type of info centre though as we queued at several (There seems to be seperate ones for the UBahn SBahn and normal trains) getting blank looks before finding the right one (the SBahn). Obviously the best thing is to make the effort to learn some German!!

Excelent experience Well desrving of its four-star rating. Excellent accommodations and service, friendly staff. My only quibble is the lack of grab bars for the disabled in the bathroom and the lack of a bathroom night light. Yes, you can hear the cable cars from your room, but that's part of SF's charm.

Another nice NH property. This property is convenient to the Rijksmuseum, Leidseplein, tram stops, the Heineken Brewery tour, and the Albert Cuyp Market. It is a rather new (2001) property, and hosts many airline crews. The walls were thick and curtains dark enough to promote a good night sleep. There's a lounge, restaurant, and it is a stop on the conexxion (KLM) airport shuttle bus. There's a PC available for rent in the lobby. The property is functional and elegant, without unecessary flourish. Well recommended.

W in SF This W property is in the South of Market area; not renowned for tourism but across from the Moscone Convention Center and near the dot-com business area and SBC Park (baseball). It has a trendy euro-asian aesthetic, from the apparral of the staff to the decor and vibe. Inside, it is dark, stylish, with audible techno music and valets wearing wireless headsets (almost a cliche). It does feature an expansive lobby and bar area, populated by the dot-com crowd in an area still lacking many evening attractions. If you need to be close to shopping and tourist attractions, look again. If business or staying in a W is warranted, this is your place. Note that the BART light rail is a few blocks away.

Classic San Francisco We recently enjoyed a weekend stay at The Fairmont San Francisco through Disney Vacation Club points usage. As a quintessential San Francisco property, there is much to this property as well as nearby.We stayed in room 590, the Dunkirk suite. It is a corner accomodation with great city views. It is well appointed in the classic sense; elegant Napoleonic decor along with modern touches like large flatscreens and two full baths. Along with numerous lounges and restaurants, I would recommend the Tonga Room. It is a Polynesian themed lounge and restaurant replete with thatched roofs, tiki iodols and rain falling from the ceiling accompanied by thunder from the loudspeaker. A true nostalgic experience!This hotel is ideally situated at the intersection of two cable car lines, and walking distance to Chinatown. It boasts an enviable location atop Nob Hill, and the service aspect from the staff is one of total service.This hotel is ideal for couples or families on a holiday, all the way to conventions. As it is a classic hotel, it will not have all the wired amenities of newer properties like a W Hotel, and Nob Hill is a bit far from the airport or Silicon Valley. However, if you enjoy classic hotels, this is among the best.

It's now a great place to stay! I stayed here two nights, one going to and one coming back from the Marshall Islands in March 2007. Forget any prior bad reviews. This hotel is now a fine place to stay. The hotel has one wing completely renovated and recently closed the other wing for renovation. Everything is new. You beat the location. Literally 5 minutes or less from the airport via their shuttle bus that runs every half-hour. If you want to save dough on cab rides, take a bus outside the hotel. $2.00 to Waikiki vs. $30-40 for a cab. Highly recommended, even for stays of a week or more.

The Drake is Great! My wife and I did a four day trip to San Francisco to take in a few baseball games and the City. We have been to SF several times and stayed at various places around the city. I found a great rate at the Sir Francis Drake on their web site and reserved a room. Great rate and no money up front. The Drake is a fine classic hotel in the perfect location. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful. The rooms are a bit small, but all have been refurbished and are quite comfortable. Since SF is a great walker town, a right turn out of the front door leads to three straight blocks up, up and up before you start going down, down, down towards Wharf. Excellent way to wear off breakfast. For those who want to pass on the walk, the classis cable car line goes right in front of the Drake, so just hop on! The light rail train to the ball park is a short 6-8 blocks away and a great, cheap way to get there. The staff at the Drake arranged for a rental car (Napa Valley trip) that was picked up and returned within 6-8 blocks from the Hotel. Very convenient in a city that is hell to drive in. We both highly recommend the Sir Francis Drake.

Clean Clean Clean Cannot do anything else except confirm all the comments that have been posted before. However not to confirm the compliments would be to demean the efforts of the owners who obviously work very hard to give their customers a pleasant stay and to show that London isn't all about ripping the customers off.

Very Disappointed Having read previous reviews we were expecting something a lot better than what we got. The reception has the charm of a police station.We accept that German hotels do not provide tea making facilities( WHY ?) but the drinks vending machine was out of order for 4 days, just when a hot drink was needed in sub-zero weather.No hair drier was provided in our room even though the website says they are in every room.The carpets in our room were badly stained by the bedside (?) and the paintwork had seen better days.The duvets which prutruded from the barely adequate covers had also seen better days and did not bear closer examination.Upon leaving the lift on the fifth floor (our friends who were on the same booking were on the first floor !) we were met by vacuum cleaners, empty bottles and dirty linen which was there for 2 days. Overall housekeeping was poor.THE STAFF DID NOT PRESENT A VERY PROFESSIONAL IMAGE WHICH DID NOT ENCOURAGE CONTACT AS WE DID NOT FEEL THEY WOULD HAVE BEEN ABLE TO RECTIFY ANY PROBLEMS.On the positive side is location and breakfast which was very generous.

Absolutely Wonderful Lounge

Great attention to details Stayed here for our honeymoon. Got upgraded to the pool access room. It has the best bed and pillows of all the hotels we stayed with (intercon, elysian, hard rock). Very very comfy with the luxurious 1000 thread count cover. And also the best room, great attention to detail, although the TV is getting outdated. The spa is also very nice.The beach is very average, nothing compared to the beach of jimbaran. The surrounding area is very quiet, with nothing much going on. Try Bumbu Desa down the road, it serve authentic balinese food. Another must try is the new Tratorria at Jimbaran. They serve amazing italian food, with great atmosphere at a budget price!

Charming We stayed in the Chelsea Lodge for 4 nights mid August 2006 on our honeymoon and loved it. The hotel is on a quiet leafy street and felt very safe. Chelsea is a busy neighbourhood which felt very down-to-earth and full of real New Yorkers. We stayed in 2 different types of room - standard and deluxe. Both were spotlessly clean and very pretty. The standard was small but perfectly adequate with a shared toilet across the hall- also spotless. The deluxe was definitely worth the small extra fee- very spacious with separate ensuite shower/ toilet. Both showers very good. The website photos do not do the rooms justice and Chelsea Lodge is excellent for such a reasonably priced hotel. Staff were very helpful yet unobtrusive. No breakfast on offer, though not a problem as loads of places nearby for breakfast, lunch, dinner/ nights out etc.The Chelsea Lodge is a charming hotel which is perfect for those who want something affordable and a bit different yet clean, safe and reliable. We would definitely stay there again and recommend it to other visitors.

Fantastic! Booked a four day break for myself and my wife at the last minute and hit the bulls eye with the Senator Gran Via.What can I say...we requested a quiet high level room more in hope than expectation. When we checked in we found they had allocated us a room on the top floor at the rear of the hotel facing a quiet side road.... absolutely perfect.It got better. The room was lovely; clean and well decorated, views across the city, a private patio with table, chairs and loungers, complimentary mini bar, an electric bed (raising and lowering at the head end), functioning controllable air con, a silent paddle fan etc etc. the list went on. The hotel was clean and stylish. Staff helpful and smiling all the time. The restaurant was fine for our needs with plenty of well prepared and presented food (breakfast and dinner).We chose to take the hotel groups shuttle bus back to the airport (8 Euro's each) as it was more convenient and half the price of the taxi. Another nice touch was that the hotel allowed us to check out a little later without charge, so we didn't have to mess around with our bags or waste time sitting around. Don't be put off by the reviews mentioning the local ladies working the adjoining street. It was in no way sordid and the girls kept their business discreet. In a funny way it added to the scene. Interestingly enough the local police station is only a couple of hundred metres down from the hotel on the same street!If you're looking for a great hotel in a central location then this is the place for you. Ten minutes from the shops and a good selection of restaurants just round the corner. We're already planning out next stay at the Senator.

Average Stayed here for 2 nights on route to Australia, booked 1 twin and 1 triple room but on booking in was told there were only twin rooms available and we would have to have extra bed in one room 3 single beds in a not very big twin room! so was not too happy about this but no apology from staff just take it or leave it attitude. The pool was OK but don't buy a drink from the pool bar, the prices are very expensive as is the bar next to reception. The buffet breakfast was good with all tastes catered for but had to wait for some things to be cooked. Our breakfast was included in room rate don't think I would have paid extra for it as was quite expensive. Think I would try a different hotel when next in Singapore

Nice but showing its age The Westin is showing its age. The rooms are clean but the decor is about 15 years behind the times for wear and style.I booked a suite with adjoining rooms for my party and the reservation was not honored. Initially, they made no effort to relocate one of the rooms to the same floor. I had to be the squeaky wheel and eventually they did discount a portion of the bill for their error.The hotel again is nice but it's time for a facelift. Location is great.

Magnificent! This hotel lived up to all my expectations and exceeded most of them. The room was exquisite and nicely-appointed. The staff were friendly and courteous. Simon LA was wonderful and celebrity chef, Kerry Simon has designed the in-room dining selection.I definitely recommend this hotel for leisure or business.

Interesting Experience The resort is very spacious. There is a lot to see and do in here. Make sure you take a good amount of time to enjoy all the aspects of the resort (animals, art, etc.). This place is great if you're looking for a really relaxing environment. There are many people at the resort, but there is so many places that it never gets crowded (except the elevators maybe). The pool was never crowded (if it is...you always have the beach). They had live music playing in some places at night. It was great to get a chance to sit down and listen to the band play Free Bird!There are so many wonderful things going on at the resort that you really must make sure you have time to just sit back and relax.My only complaints are that the pool closes too early (5:30pm) and some of the hotel attendents (especially around the pool) were not too helpful.

We loved the Omni Berkshire and will stay there again We stayed at the Omni Berkshire in October 2007. I totally forgot to leave a review back then. Anyway, our stay was excellent. We arrived late in the day on a friday afternoon. We were immediately upgraded to a suite. Even though our view was a construction site, that did not interfere with our weekend or our sleep time. The suite was a very nice room. It had a living room, a seperate bedroom seperated by french doors and a really nice marble and granite bathroom.The bed was extremely comfortable, and we slept great. There was also a robe in the room but we did not use it.In the morning, we received complimentary coffee and hot chocolate, since we were a member of their select guest club. Downstairs across from the elevator was the concierge. We only used them to recommend a place for breakfast and they also called ahead to leave a reservation for us.On the day we left, we checked out and were able to leave our bags locked up at the hotel while we went out to view the city. All in all it was a great hotel, and a great stay. We will be coming back to the Omni Berkshire very soon.

It Was Alright Went to S.F. in early summer 07 and stayed at the Nikko, found it to be a relatively nice property, staff didnt speak english that great though, check-in was a little too long for my liking. Room was nice with decent view although room was very small in my opinion, Restaurant food was alright but $130 for 2 people to eat dinner seriously? the steak we ordered wasnt any better than ordering a steak from say Chili's. so we didnt eat there again, went across the street to the Hilton the next night and ate in the restaurant that was on the very top, 47th floor I believe, Amazing views and spectacular food, did plenty of sightseeing and shopping and in the end, San Francisco is just not my kind of place really, I think I like southern California alot better, temps. werent that warm, nothing really exciting about S.F. had a good time but really nothing special, definetely will go back to Orange County/LA area next time I want to go to california.

Best birthday ever! - fantastic views in a city?? Your off your head love! the building with Kodak on it - that is the hotel front

The Beacon-not shining The Beacon is in a great location, close to everything and the rooms are large and clean.My problem was with the hotel staff. We discovered a theft from our room and reported it to the front desk. They could not have cared less. They were loathe to take down details and it was only when we asked for the police to attend that they pulled their collective fingers out. They asked that they conduct an 'in house' investigation rather than get the rozzers in. We agreed but when we asked the next morning as to the progress of the investigation the front desk staff looked at us blankly and we discovered the details of the theft had not been passed on and zero investigation had been carried out. I have since contacted the manager and he promised me faithfully he would come back with an answer for me by guess what? Nothing.If you are thinking of going to NY then by all means go, its great town but avoid the Beacon.

Beautiful hotel in the busiest part of town My wife and I stayed here for a conference. Excellent hotel. I grew up in NY, thus, never stayed at a hotel there before. This was an amazing first experience. As a New Yorker, I tend to stear clear of Time Square, but for my wife's first time, it was exciting. There is always tons to do. The hotel itself was extremely comfortable. We loved our room, very clean, with views and everything. I don't know how the cost was because our trip was paid for, so it was great to me. If you want to visit New York and stay comfortably in TIme Square this is the way to do it. We were able to retreat to our room to escape all the madness going on outdoors. Check it out if you can.

Nice hotel, nicer island Stayed here for my first trip to the island and enjoyed it. The beaches were beautiful, the pool was awesome, and the rooms were pretty good too. I have to say, I was so excited for my first trip there that I could have stayed anywhere and would have love it. This hotel was pretty nice though. The concierge was very friendly and helpful (a puerto rican who grew up in canada?) and the hotel offers many fun tours at reasonable prices. I was there in November, so the weather was gloomy for most of the trip, nevertheless, it was very warm and the ocean was like bath water. The pool was very nicely designed and I made good use of the swim-up bar. The casino was alright, kinda small, but my comparisons are to Vegas and the Indian casinos back in SD. The hallway to our room had gotten wet and was being dried with huge air driers. There was a very strange odor out there. The rooms were fine though, they had not gotten wet at all. I think the hotel could use some sprucing up. All in all, I had a great time and enjoyed a very nice, clean, fun and exciting hotel, with very helpful staff. Try the Pina Coladas at the piano bar!

decent hotel good location Stayed at the Sydney Mercure over 26-29 November 2006 with no problems whatsoever. If you have limited time in Sydney you would probably enjoy being closer to the harbour, but this is a good location for getting around the city as it's quite close to the central station. There was a queue for checkin but this went quite fast. Staff were great and outwardly friendly to guests. Breakfast was a bit too chaotic and overpriced for me, but there are plenty of alternatives nearby. Hotel is close to transport and also there is a 24 hour shop next door...very convenient for travelers.

Ok for by the airport I booked my first night in Sydney at this hotel. It is nothing special but is reasonable if you need to be near the airport or don't want to go into the city your first night. I wouldn't book an entire vacation here or anything. The property is definitely dated and is undergoing some renovation in the lobby. The rooms definitely had some wear on the carpets and around the edges, but the bathroom and bed were both fine. I arrived early and was allowed to use the hospitality lounge before the room was free. However it didn't seem like many people use the lounge as there was no soap available and just one towel. Another drawback is that the deli next door is only open during the week for the business workers, so there are not many food options except for the on site restaurants which are rather expensive.

No complaints I stayed here on a weekend special rate. Very nice architecture building with modern interior quite a bit nicer than your run of the mill tourist hotel. Upon arrival the service was prompt and friendly, however there was s miscommunication between the front desk and housekeeping and I was given a room that had not been cleaned yet. I reported it back to the front desk and was immediately upgraded to a deluxe room. So that pretty much made it up for me since the room was a really nice one up on the top floor. I would agree with the other reviews that for the price it's about as good as you will get in Sydney. It's also reasonably quiet given the central location. All services were above average. It's in a great location for seeing the city although there's not much of a view from the rooms themselves.

Great Food and Drinks Was lucky enough to have dinner at the Parrot with friends on Feb. 15. My first visit. Nice place, good service,nice atmosphere, reasonably priced, and most of all, good food and good drinks.

Excellent. Especially w/ Priceline rate The people who complain about this place need to be staying at The Plaza or something.It's clean. The rooms are large. It's central to the theatre district.We had a relatively low floor but still enjoyed a view of the new Westin (with the funky light) and the river.I paid $110 on Priceline. I guess if I paid $250 or something, I'd be underwhelmed.I would definitely come again, even at a somewhat higher price.

Rude staff! This hotel is has a great locasion in the city centre of Berlin, but the only thing great about it. We stayed there for 3 days and did not feel welcome at all. The staff was unfriendly and not helpful at al. The rooms are old and needs to be renovated. I would not recommend the food and it felt like we where not welcome in the restaurant.

Don't be fooled by pictures My friend and I stayed at the Royal Garden from 4/19-4/29/06. The pictures on the Hotel's website paint a different picture of what you will actually get. The lobby is decked out in marble and fancy furnishings, and it is clear that this is where the hotel chose to spend it's money. There is no internet access on the premises or coffee in the morning.First I will address the rooms. We had their basic room, on the eighth floor. The balcony offered a good view of the city, the Ala Wai canal, and the mountains in central Oahu. The carpet was dirty, so dirty I wouldn't even lay down on it. The bathroom tub's drain didn't hold water properly, and the bathroom door was slated wood that you could see through. The beds are small single beds and the two lamps in the room had problems working. We had to unsrew the bulb to turn it off. The furniture is all very cheap-deco, probably early 80's and very worn out.There is a female manager at the front desk who is very unpleasant, but the remainder of the staff, to include the maids, bell staff, and security officers were all extremely friendly. Unfortunately, most of the maids have trouble speaking English, so don't bother. The bellmen and security officers were very helpful in giving driving directions, and pointing out places of interest. We found their service superior. You will have to pay full price for a newspaper though, nothing is complimentary here.The exercise room leaves a lot to be desired. Only one electrical outlet worked in the room for equipment and the bathroom-whoa-I was not prepared for this. I opened the door, and the toilet was cracked open, there was black mold everywhere, and a huge hole in the ceiling above the toilet that had been caved in from water damage. The exercise room is actually a defunct guest room, and I cannot figure out why the hotel didn't lock this bathroom door shut. It was frightening an dprobably representative of bigger problems.You can walk from the hotel about 15 blocks to the beach. There is a TGI Friday's one block away, just don't do breakfast there, it was gross. This hotel is also very close to upper-end shops like Gucci, Prada, and Chanel, and an easy walk to the beach and the Waikiki strip. All in all, this is your basic, run down hotel. The room safe was free and parking was $12 a day. You really don't need a car if you stay in Oahu, the bus transportation is great. If you are planning on spending most of your time outside of the hotel, like we did, and are looking for a cheap and safe place to stay, this is it. Just don't expect much.

Good location for my short stay Chou City

A Great Value in Midtown We spent 4 nights at this hotel in May based on the reviews posted on this sight. Given the price level of hotels in NYC, we were fully satisfied with the price/value proposition of this property.The hotel had standard Courtyard functionality, nothing fancy. Our 2 weekend nights were almost $100 less per night than the 2 weekday nights. Having stayed at a number of Courtyards before, we particularly appreciate the breakfast buffet, the laundry machines, and the free access to computers to check e-mail, etc.While a few blocks away from Rockefeller Center and Times Square, there is a subway station located at the corner, which we made extensive use of.There is a big Duane Reade drugstore in the same building and a variety of useful restaurants (Chipotle and similar) and shops (Barnes and Noble,etc.) are located in the office buidings within a block.Unless you need a 4-star hotel or need to stay in the middle of the action, this hotel is a fine option.

Good Hotel but bothered by the worksite The hotel is conveniently located and is very near the Sants Station stop of the Blue Line of the Bus Turistic (i.e. the hop on and hop off tourist bus) which we spent most of the time in sightseeing in Barcelona. However, one will have to take the subway to Placa de Catalunya or a taxi to a nearby transfer point at Francesc Marcia-Diagonal in order to take the Red Line.The breakfast is a buffet style with lots of food; the smoke salmon is even better than what we have in the cruise ship which we have just left. The magnificent view of Barcelona one can enjoy during breakfast is beyond comparison.The staff is polite and friendly. The bellboy is particularly helpful. He explained the various switches of the room when he delivered our luggage to us.The hotel should have been a very good hotel but for the work site situated right in front of it. We arrived the hotel after leaving the cruise ship early in the morning and arrived at the hotel some time after 9 a.m.. Despite my request to have a room at a higher floor, the girl at the front desk said I could only check into a room on the 3rd floor immediately, or I would have to wait until 12 noon, the regular check in/out time. for another room on the 8th floor. There was also a condition that I would not be able to change my room once I had checked into the 3rd floor room. Since I have only 2 days in Barcelona, I wanted to settle down as soon as possible so that I could start my sightseeing earlier, I decided to accept the 3rd floor room and was fully prepared to take this as a room without a view. However, we had overlooked one thing or had we been alerted at all, i.e. it faced the worksite in front of the hotel. At 4 in the morning, workmen started talking loudly outside the worksite and heavy machines were clanking up and it was just impossible to continue with our sleep. We did not negotiate with the hotel for a change of room because we would have to get up at 3 a.m. to catch a flight home on the second morning. I wonder whether the hotel will allow us to change our room even if we asked. Another problem is the partition between the bathroom and the living area. Part of the partition is made of translucent glass. When I had to use the bathroom during the night, light came out through the glass partition and shone directly on the face of my wife and this woke her up. I cannot understand the rational of using the glass partition nor its location. If the designer wanted something translucent to create an ambient or what not, he should, say, use a translucent glass door, which faced the closet.

Good old fashioned style hotel in fog-city downtown This hotel is located in the downtown financial and commercial center of San Francisco, maybe far from the docks and the golden gate, but at a glance to business district, you can walk and appreciate the fog city's skyscrapers and the Italian district is at walking distance. There is also a cable car line station very close, you can see the cable car turning and get in to a pleasant ride passing through Lombard street, to the docks nightlife and touristic area.The hotel hasn't got really any attractive feature... the restaurant is new and quite fashioned, and it has a cheap and really close parking area. The rooms and the passageways are not so fancy... it's clear that this is an old building, somehow reformed and refurbished, we actually didn't find anything that bothered us... it was pretty clean and the personnel was keen on helping for whatever we asked.It is a good solution if you're looking for a cheap solution in a central area (other luxury hotels are located nearby), and a good deal for the money you spend since you're really close to lots of areas of interest. Even if the commercial district is not the main nightlife zone in fog city, we were able to find good bars with live jazz music and lots of restaurants.

Excellent Hotel The hotel has a great location, and has decent sized rooms and is very worthy of it's five stars. I would recommend this hotel to anyone.

Hilton Arc de Trioumphe Excellent customer service, location and accomodations

Enjoyed My Stay My wife and I stayed at the Crowne Plaza for five nights. The check-in went smooth, the room was spacious and clean, and the restaurant and bar offered tasty and reasonably priced food and beverages. The staff was friendly, knowledgeable, and answered all of our questions with skill.The hotel location was great and convenient to numerous Beverly Hills restaurants. Within a ten to fifteen minute walk up Beverly Drive were food establishments in all price ranges, boutique shopping, and upscale Rodeo Drive. I would recommend the hotel to anyone without hesitation.

The how to save yourself from never leaving the HH Village Guide! Penguins at Hilton Hawaiian

Du grand Club Med Club Med punta Cana - plage

Brilliant Hotel We really enjoyed Hawaii and the Moana Surfrider is probably the nicest hotel i've ever stayed in. It has the perfect mix of modern luxury with an almost colonial historic atmoshere. We had a superb stay. Everything about the hotel is luxurious. We were on our honeymoon and the staff couldn't have been been more helpful. We were offered a free upgrade to a room overlooking the Banyan courtyard. The rooms while not the biggest (its an old building) were spotless and very luxurious. Possibly the most comfortable bed i've ever slept in!Location: This hotel is right on Wakiki beach and is within walking distnce to everything worth seeing and doing in the wakiki areaWhile the pool is quite small the fact that you are right beside the beach means this hardly matters. The hotel has its own private section of the beach. Even during the hight of the day the pool/beach area never felt packed- we could always get a sun lounger- not something i've ever experienced in Europe.The food and service were excellant in the restaraunt with a very nice breakfast buffet. The food isn't cheap but then it is a luxury hotel.The pool/bar area is a brilliant spot to sit in the eveings and watch the sunset. There is live entertainment every night although it tends to be Hula dancing or local musicians. Very nice but not really my sort of thing. One evening we took a sunset catamaran cruise from the beach directly behind the hotel- an excellant idea (two hours of free drinks and turtle and whale sightings for $25)I can't recomend the Surfrider highly enough. If i'm ever back in Hawaii i will definitely be back.

Great Hotel, Great City This is a beautiful little hotel in a great location in san Francisco. We were staying here for a few days at the start of our honeymoon and absolutely loved it. The staff were all really freindly and helpful and the hotel is very nice- all mirrors, marble and four poster beds. We booked a basic room intending to upgrade to a suite on arrival but unfortunately they were all booked up. The basic room was perfectly fine but a little on the small side.Location: the hotel is about 15mins walk from Union square but is right on one of the main bus routes for getting to Pier 39 and Fishermans warf. The public transport is the best way to get around (you could walk but the place is ALL hills) and is very reasonable if you by a multi day ticket.Overall a great start to the honeymoon and we would definitely recomend the Majestic to our friends.

This Takes The Cake!! My friend and I travel alot and we always try to find the worst hotel in town to stay in just too see how freaky it is. We've stayed in alot of dumps and have seen it all - the bums, drug dealers, pimps and hookers hanging around, from poop on the floor, blood stains on the walls, the ever-present urine smell and those un-identifiable stains...you know the deal. We always love it when something we never would have expected actually happens. Well, in this hotel, all of the above happened, and more. In our horribly grungy room, while we were laughing about how this hotel was one of the worst, we got a knock on the door. It was some sleazy drug girl, with a needle hanging out of her arm, looking for her boyfriend. We said he was not here, and then she proceeded to try and sell us some heroin. We said no. She then offered us her services so she could get money to buy some more. We said no. She then ran down the hall screaming, threatening us that Dwan was gonna find us and kill us. Well, Dwan never showed up. But we both agreed.... The Renoir definitely ranks as one our top 5 worst hotels in the world. This place is not for the meek. It is not a place for romance. It is for people in the fringes....those you see in the shadows. Good Luck!

Great Place To Stay in Boston Being a former Bostonian and having worked in some of the area hotels, I can surely tell you that Chandler Inn is one of the best values in town. Yes, it is not fancy, but it is spotless, nicely located, and within walking distance to almost every attraction in town. Not only that, but the subway and Amtrak stations are just footsteps away. Yes, there is no parking at the hotel, but only a block away is a huge public parking garage that is fairly inexpensive. There is a gay bar on the first floor and it is very friendly and all are welcome...almost like a gay version of Cheers. The area restaurants can't be beat....Chandler Inn is in one of the trendiest neighborhoods in town. Lots to choose from. So anyway, if you like high-priced chain hotels with all the amenities, this place is not for you. But if you like a nice, inexpensive hotel in a great area of the city, then don't hesitate to come here. This hotel is great for the sightseer and person on a budget. I always stay here every time I'm visiting Boston. I mean, I could stay at a fancy hotel, but why? I'd rather spend my money having fun in the city than sitting around in some overpriced, generic hotel room all day. Wouldn't you?

Good Budget Hotel Having stayed at alot of budget hotels, I can honestly tell you about the good, the bad, and the ugly. Adante Hotel definitely falls into the good catagory. Once again, this is a budget hotel.....so if you're looking for luxury, this is not for you. But if you're going to be out sightseeing all day (like me) and stop by the room every now and then, and want a good place to crash at nite, then this is the place for you. I was pleasantly surprised when I arrived at the hotel. Check-in was a breeze. The front desk clerk was friendly and very helpful. The room itself was spotless, although somewhat small....ok for 1 or 2 people, but that's it. I liked the funky paintjob. The bed was very comfortable and the bathroom was exceptionally clean...looked brand new. The room also included a large closet with ironing board and iron. Internet acess was provided as well as coffee pot with selection of coffee/teas. Bottled water was provided at extra charge and was clearly labled as such. Cable TV also provided. No AC, but there was a large ceiling fan that did the job. Continental breakfast was included from 7-9am at no extra charge. There is an elevator, but it is somewhat slow. My only complaints....bathroom towels were kinda cheap, maid service will knock on your door at 8am...loudly... if you don't hang the do not disturb sign on the door, and the view from my room was that of a brick wall. So except for these few minor things, I would definitely stay at the Adante again. A couple of extra notes....Adante Hotel is in the Union Square area, not on Union Square. In fact, it's quite a bit of an uphill walk from Union Square and the Bart/Muni public transport stations. This can be kinda annoying if you've been walking around the city all day. There is a bus stop right in front of the hotel, so you may want to take that instead of walking. The cool thing is that the Powell street cable car line is very close. And yes, the neighborhood has it's share of crack [--] and street people. But if you're used to large city life, you won't care. When I was there, these people mainly kept to themselves. I'ts not nearly as bad as you might think by reading some other people's reviews. So, all in all, Adante Hotel is a good place to stay for the budget sightseer or student traveller. I would go back again.

Nice Little Gem I stayed here a while ago and made some petty complaints about outside noise and such (street noise and there was construction going on...no fault of the hotel's). This was my first time in San Fran and have since stayed at other hotels in the city around the same price range. I have discovered that this hotel is the best for your buck. I't's clean, very cozy, centrally-located and cheap. Plus, the staff is very friendly. I have learned my lesson, Edwardian. I think I can deal with a little bit of street noise for the value. I would definitely like to come back.

Not woth the money!! Was at the hotel from march 6-10th on bachelor party and, I have to say was very dissappointed at the service we received from the staff. To make this short I would not recommend this hotel to anyone!!

Fair deal, but no need to brag Functional, clean, decent, well thought.The hotel does deliver what it promises in its site, plus it is really clean, and the staff is very nice. The neighboroud is somewhat peculiar (if you are over 20 or under 100, that is) but who complains to get to Broadgate in a 5 minutes walk?But a few less notices about how fair the hotel policies are would make for a more restfull stay...

as good as usual ! great wee hotel in the DAM hey all , this is my 4th or 5th stay in the Nadia. The more I stay there the more I enjoy it , it is a small family hotel no hassle , always friendly , close enough to the action in the Coffee shops, shopping and redlight district BUT without being too close ! I would highly recommend this Hotel ( PS not for the hard of walking, the steps up to the rooms are a bit steep)email me if you wish weemuppet@hotmail.com

Would definitely return here! This is a great hotel, almost next door to world class shopping and restaurants. Staff, meals, concierge and service were superb. We would definitely go back and also highly recommend it to anyone travelling to S.F..

Fantastic Holiday Great day white water rafting

Great Place in the Downtown Stayed here for 8 nights for convention in May/June of 2006. Brought along my wife and 14 year old son. Suite was great and in excellent condition. Had in-room safe that was very handy. Fair number of children about, but this was not unexpected. Still pretty quiet and could not hear my neighbors through the walls. Free cooked breakfast was nice. I staged a luncheon at the restaurant for 15 folks and was given a private room at no extra charge. Happy hour in the late afternoon was also good.In room internet costs, but there is a free internet kiosk in the lobby. This is a super location for those going to the new Washington Convention Center and there are many very good restaurants within a short walking distance. Put on your walking shoes to get to the Smithsonian museums (or taxi it). Overall a great experience. Worth every penny.

Excellent hotel down a quiet street This is a very comfortable modern hotel a few minutes walk from the Tower of London, tube and bus services. Friendly and helpful reception, lovely clean room with a bit of space and most of what you could ask for including a safe and drinks making facilities. The only complaint would be a lack of daylight in the room - the small window faced a small dark area outside. As well as TV with a good variety of channels you can hire DVDs for a refundable deposit. If you pre-book breakfast on the hotel website you get a price reduction - the breakfast is fresh continental or combined full English and is freshly cooked - very yummy. Luggage can be stored safely after your checkout time. We stayed at a weekend which meant disrupted public transport and difficulty getting to the Barbican where we were due to meet our son. If going at a weekend and likely to use public transport check the tfl (transport for london) website for station and line closures. Buses 15 and RV1 from Great Tower Street and opposite Tower Gateway respectively also take you into the City. We would happily use this hotel again.

Bargin of the century dunny

Great Location An adequate hotel in all respects. Everything about the hotel itself is more or less average, but its location on Meinekestrasse takes it into the above average category. A block off the top of Kufurstendam, two blocks from Kaiser Wilhelm Memorial Church. Plenty of restaurants, shops and activity in the immediate neighborhood. Three or four U-bahn lines stop within a block or two. The hop-on/hop-off tour bus originates a block away. Convenient for arrival by train; the Zoo railway station is a five-minute walk from the hotel. If arriving by plane at Tegel Airport, take bus #109 and ask to be let off at Ulandstrasse. Continue walking two blocks in the same direction and turn right on Meinekestrasse. The hotel is large and caters mostly to groups and business travelers.

Big and brash-but sometimes even beautiful The Americans really are masters of the large hotel universe. Not for nothing does Las Vegas have 7 of the10 largest hotels in the world-and the Hilton Hawaiian Village, with its over 3000 rooms , is by far the largest hotel in Waikiki.Three things are essential to running a really large hotel successfully. Superb efficiency and systems. We have stayed at this Hilton 4 times over the last two years .It really runs smoothly, whatever the weather and however many tourists throng the complex. Everything works and ,if you have reason to call down for anything, the staff normally come quickly. The check in lines move reasonably fast and the penguins in the fish ponds are happy to perform for the kids.Secondly a massive hotel like this has to appeal to all sorts of people. A small boutique hotel can be targeted exactly at a niche market of potential guests. A very large hotel has to appeal to everyone. So they will have a massive range of rooms. So in a hotel of this size and complexity it is useless to talk about room sizes or types There will just be too many.. All you can say is that even the worst and cheapest room will still be a Hilton double- and the best room will probably rival anything in Waikiki- and most rooms will be somewhere in between. And the hotel has to have a wide range of restaurants running from fast food type burgers at one extreme to Hilton style haute cuisine on the other .The Hilton has 18 food outlets including those in the main towers and the attached shopping arcade.Thirdly a very large hotel, if it is to make money, has to attract large organised groups, whether they are tour groups, conference attendees, or those just enjoying corporate junkets. This Hilton, whenever we have been there, has always had plenty of guests sporting various kinds of labels round their necks and / or pinned to their breasts clearly not shy to announce their identities to the world .The Hilton advertises itself as being on the beach. But if you are in the Tapa or Kalia towers then you would probably be physically closer to the beach if you were staying in hotels not actually beach side like the Embassy Suites or the Waikiki Parc. Location wise then it may indeed be on the seas shore but it is not that close to the centre. It is really a bit out of the way , right at the end of Waikiki beach next to the Alii Wai yacht harbour. Not nearly so handy for downtown as its competitors the Sheratons and the Hyatt. But Waikiki is so compact, everything is still within walking distance.Land is of course highly expensive in Waikiki . So all the hotels are high rise and most of the Hilton Towers are over 30 floors. Few of the hotels will have any kind of garden-but the Hilton does its best with cleverly planted trees and shrubs. And none of the hotels can afford to have a massive swimming pool .But the Hilton , as befits its status as the largest hotel, also boasts the largest pool .This is still on the small side if the hotel is full. But who wants a pool anyway if the beautiful Pacific is just a few steps away? And anyway, if you mind swimming in the shade, there is another smaller pool by the Tapas towers.The five major Towers do differ somewhat. The Alii tower,( which we have yet to be invited to grace with our presence) has its own swimming pool and private entrance complete with frock coated porter at the door to keep the ordinary public out,.. The Rainbow tower has great views but is showing its age a bit. In the Tapa tower the higher floor rooms also have good views, and the Kailua tower , the furthest from the beach and , I hesitate to say, shared with time sharing condos, is probably the cheapest. Most of the time sharers however are concentrated in the fifth building the Lagoon tower with their own pool etc .But it is of course open for them to partake also in any of the main hotels amenities .And as always in Waikiki, although it may not be yet quite as bad as Vegas , there is building going on everywhere. So, be warned, by the time you read this review, it may be out of date.

Downtown Designer luxury Knowing we were using Hilton honors points for a free stay we were expecting the smallest room looking over the dustbins at the back.. What we actually were given was a superb suite on the 31st floor.Large bedroom with a super comfortable super king size bed. Hi tech hi spec bathroom, all glass, mirrors and marble. Two person Jacuzzi bath right under a picture window. Great view of the Sydney skyline as you sip your evening champagne and watch the flat screen TV in the bathroom wall. Walk in shower with 5 separate heads. Two hand basins and separate toilet.Next to the bedroom, an equally large and equally impressive lounge and hall area with another toilet and in all 3 flat screen TVs scattered around the suite. A telephone and communications system that you probably need a pilots licence to operate.And all this done in exquisite simple modern taste.The Hilton is downtown whilst most of their competitors cluster around the harbour. But downtown is great for shopping and restaurants and it is only a 10 minute walk from the ferries.Undoubtedly the Hilton Sydney is, for me, the queen of the Hilton group in Australasia.

Good but not great The Conrad is good. It gives you a large room, for Singapore luxury hotel standards. And the room has everything it should have including a flat screen TV and a good sized bathroom with loads of luxury goodies. It does everything it should do efficiently.But to be great a hotel either has to have a superb unique location, or exceptional facilities or food, or exceptional people.The Conrads location is fine in the CBD. But then so are most other luxury hotels. The facilities are perfectly adequate. A smallish infinity pool, and a spa health club as good as any other. The Conrad food we tried is standard rather than sublime. So to be great the staff would have to be exceptional. They are helpful and efficient. But they are more formal than friendly. They seem to have a job rather than a vacation. And next week they might be working at get me wrong. The Conrad is a very good hotel. But not quite a great one.

Another Day in Paradise That is what my wife said everyday. Another Day in Paradise.The resort is huge and very well kept. The staff is very friendly and accommodating. The food was very good at most places including the a la carte restaurants. We ate at the Italian, Mexican and Steak restaurants. The only thing we didn't care for was the ribs at the steak house but everything else was great.The beach was beautiful and well kept. They have great lounge chairs with cushions. There was plenty of palm tree umbrellas to provide shading and also just enough actual palm trees along the beach to do the same.If we had to complain about anything about the resort itself is the lineups to reserve dinner and the fact that there are no Non Smoking sections .... anywhere!We had doubts at first because our travel agent called us seven days before our departure to inform us that alcohol was no longer all inclusive in the disco and the casino. The tour operator, Nolitours, just informed them of the change and the only thing Nolitours was prepared to do was offer a full refund on the trip. This was very little to console us as it was now impossible to get a vacation for five people in such a short time frame. To say the least we were not impressed with the tour operator. I voiced my displeasure to the travel agency and also directly to Nolitours via their website before leaving for vacation. We have been back a day now from the trip and have yet to get a reponse from them.

Great Location, Great View My wife and I had an enjoyable 3 nights between Christmas and New Years. Our 14th floor view of Telegraph Hill and the Bay was wonderful. There were times we couldn't see the Coit Tower for the fog, but it was allways magical. We had a meal and a breakfast in the restaurant and both were excellent. We had the same waiter both times, and he was very friendly but didnt intrude. I think some of the negative reviews that have been posted have been from priceline-type guests who may not get rooms very high up or bayside. The single-pane windows do let in a bit of street noise, but complete silence wouldn't be right either. SF is a city!Another nice feature is a pedestrian bridge directly from the hotel to a major park in Chinatown. The hotel is at the very western edge of the financial district and is the nearest big hotel to Chinatown, with its narrow, crowded sidewalks and perhaps the best people-watching in the city.One other thing, we have Hiltion Honors membership, and that may account for our good room location.

I just don't get this hotel - So terrible I just got back from this hotel today Feb 1st 2005 after staying there for 6 nights. I try to be as objective as possible so that you guys will find the facts not my opinion.I have stayed in Amerisuites, Comfort Inns, all the way to Ritz Carlton or other high-end hotel chain. Although I have never stayed in a european based hotel, so there is the flaw in my comparison.Here are the facts that I find this hotel is lacking:1. No refrigerator, microwaves, or even coffee maker. If you need coffee in the morning, the hotel restaurant downstair will conveniently pour it for you for a small fee of $2.16 a cup (no refill, nice try). This might be OK for some travelers. But when you have small children this can be a quite inconvenience. Forget warm milk....2. Their welcome booklet says: Tap Water is not drinkable. They do provide a minibar with a bottle water that cost about $3.00 (small one).3. No iron - but they do have a dry cleaning service sheet that I won't even dare to see how much it would cost.4. If you are lucky to stay on 5,7,9th floor you can get to the ice machine on the same floor. Otherwise, you need to wait about 2-3 minutes on the elevator just to get the ice.5. Yes sometimes the elevator does take 3-4 minutes to arrive at certain times of the days (check out times, breakfast, and dinner time). Even the cleaning lady wants to get a piece of the action by crowding the guest elevator too.6. No lotion in the bathroom. Yes, I realize a lot of hotel chains do not give out lotions, but if they call themselves resort - I expect a small bottle of lotion can come in handy especially after a day under the sun.7. The room looks old. This might be subjective, but it does look worn out to me. 8. Oh, if you pay more they do give you a nicer room with balcony (I had that). Here is the lacking part: your neighbor can jump out easily from his balcony to your balcony. There is a dividing wall about waist high. Just enough to hide your head if you sit down - no privacy at all. 9. Related to #8 - the balcony door from the room sticks and DO NOT lock. Now, what's stopping a criminal from the other room to enter your room? Perhaps not much. Oh, but the sunrise, sunset, and the full moon is beautiful from the balcony.10. Pool towel - Make sure you ask for 4 towel cards if you are going to need 4 towels at the pool. Otherwise, the pool tower 'personnel' will give you a hard time for asking more towels than your towel card, as if you are going to steal their prized towel.11. Speaking of towels - so many clean towels that I had got stains on it. I did not even want to think what the stain was from. Just closed my eyes and used them.12. To be fair, some employees are nice, some needs a lesson in cutomer relation (pool towel personnel included). The receptionist with red glasses is nice, the other older one - got a major PMS.13. You cannot check out before your room is completely empty. I just never had that experience. I always check out a bit earlier while my wife is finishing up with the kids. I was confused....Those are facts. I cannot prevent myself from being sarcastic a bit after how they treated us. I just don't get their philosophy. They call themselves a resort, but they are operating a cheap level that I have never seen before even compared to a budget motel. At the same time they pride themselves with their excellent restaurant service (with overpriced everything). I tried their food - mediocre. Not worth spending $25/person.Here is the greatest thing we found about 2 blocks south of the hotel:Cafe Migas. Highly highly recommended. Very modest cafe with excellent cuban coffee and espresso, real orange juice, heavenly ham-and-cheese croissant, full hot breakfast all for under $9. Do yourself a favor don't fall into the hotel's hyped buffet. I read the good and bad reviews about this hotel, and now I believe the bad one. I did not expect a 4 or 5 stars when I got in, but this hotel is lower than 2 star in my humble opinion. Sorry, I have to give my opinion at the end...

Not enough Joie at the Bijou Was in San Francisco consulting for a budget conscious client and had high hopes for the Hotel Bijou. Seems it was a Kimpton Hotel in a prior life that has been taken over by Joie de Vivre - both boutique brands I really like. Pluses - great rate $109 including internet access. Typical Kimpton/JdV style - the rooms have funky furnishings and they play movies in the lobby.What I got was a smallish room with decent furniture and workspace. The bathroom had a full size tub, but it was kind of stuck in behind the sink like it was added later. The linens weren't worthy of a Days Inn circa 1988 - thin, see-through towels and sheets that felt like they were waterproof (must have had a threadcount of about 8 or so). No in-room coffee (a pet peeve), no newspapers available at all.The free breakfast was convenience store special - pre-wrapped bagels and pastries (couldn't they at least throw out some fruit?).The staff was nice, accommodating, friendly, except the night guy who was too busy with his laptop to pay much attention to customers.The topper was coming back on night 3 to find three police officers in the lobby, one holding a shotgun. Never got the scoop on that, but wasn't the best thing to come home to.Probably adequate for real bargain hunters. For a business trip, not so much.

Nice boutique hotel Excellent little hotel with nice design touches. The pictures on trip advisor are very accurate so when you arrive, it feels like you've been there. Also, the location is superb and is close to all the sites. Very clean with nice wood floors and the staff is pleasant and helpful. Overall, highly recommended.

Amazing Location, Nice Hotel This hotel is very nice, especially in regards to its location. Being located on the southern part of Herengracht, it is close to everything. So, this is defenitely a strong point for this hotel. As far as cleanliness and styling, this hotel gets good marks. The rooms have a modern business feel that isn't formulated like many large hotels. The lobby has a nice bar with complimentary cokes, water, juices, snacks, etc. Breakfast was especially enjoyable with a full menu and a chef to make omellets, pancakes, and the like. The customer service is very good for a 3* hotel although, one of the night clerks was somewhat overbearing when it came to getting a water from the mini bar. Definetly has more of a 5* feel than 3*. We got a nightly rate of 199 euros which I thought was very reasonable considering the location and amenities. A lot of people have knocked this hotel on the price but I don't think their complaints have much merit. All things considered such as location, service, and amenities, I highly recommend this hotel to small families, couples, and business traverlers alike.

Service great street noise unbearable Just had two sleepless nights at Hotel Preciados, Madrid. Paid per night for a rear facing room, reasonably quiet during the daylight hours, but after midnight my room number109, which was 1st.Floor, was directly above the bottle bank ,paper for recycling and other rubbish collection boxes. Around midnight the bottles from the day's sales were thrown into the collection point. Around 1.a.m.they were collected by a team of noisy workers who made even more noise than when the bottles were deposited. At two a.m. another lorry turned up, turned the waste paper bin upside down and crashed everything into the lorry. By this time I had become so annoyed and wide awake that it was after 4 a.m. before I went to sleep, to be woken again at 9 a.m by a lorry dragging a very large skip container along the street immediately below my window. where it was left to be used by workers in the building opposite, who filled it with mountains of rubbish by 11 a.m, making more noise than ever. This was my worst ever experience of hotels in fifty five years of travel throughout the world. I would not stay at Hotel Preciados ever again if I was offered a free week as compensation in response to my written complaint to the hotel made as I left this morning.

Unbeatable Location The location of this hotel is in my opinion simply unbeatable - its on the Dam Square and a short walk from the train station.The hotel is going no smoking from the end of May so if your a smoker this is not the hotel for you.The bed was comfortable, the room clean and quiet - Will definately stay here again.

Simply Fantastic I booked this hotel on line after reviewing some reviews - I wasn't disapointed. Its a great hotel in a great location. The staff were fantastic and very helpful and I felt very welcome. The location of the hotel is about 100 meters away from the flower market which leads onto the main shopping streets up to Dam Square - a great location. I would absolutely recommend this hotel to anyone and will use this hotel everytime I return to Amsterdam.

What a bed! Good clean hote with good service. I selected this hotel purely on price and have to say that overall I was impressed - in particular with the bed!Recommended

Great Value This hotel is very central for Paris visitors even though it is not in a tourist area per se. Lots of restaurants and supermarkets in the area for a quick bite or a sit-down. About 20 minutes from Place Bastille. 5 minutes from the Nation metro and train which then connects with all of Paris and beyond. Less than 1 hour and 8 euros from De Gaulle airport. A little over an hour and 2 Euros from Versailles. The hotel is not in the luxury class but a very good tourist class hotel.Very clean room, linen, bathroom. Staff always cheerful and ready to provide advice. Highly recommended! We would return here when we are in Paris again.

Customer Service was Amazing!!! Aloha All, I had the distinct pleasure of going to this property on my honeymoon and was absolutely derailed by the customer service i received, immediately at check in i was greeted by a Lemon scented moist towel and a glass of lemonade. The Bellman escorted us to our room and gave us a first class tour of the room and showed us how to work everything. We had breakfast at The ShoreBird Restaurant and it was absolutely subherb, any kind of hot breakfast food imaginable was at our delite. They had a great activities desk to help us plan out all of our activities for the week. Finally a vacation that i didn't need a vacation from!!!

Great Service I have been to Waikiki a couple of times and this is by far the nicest place i have stayed at, not just because of the property itself but also becuase of its service, amenities, and its LOCATION!!! It is on the right hand side of waikiki with majestic views of diamondhead crater, only about a 3-5 minute walk to The Honolulu Zoo, and The Waikiki Aquarium. Kapiolani Park is also right next door. And oppisite the direstion of park is The International Marketplace also in just about a 5 minute walk. If you come here you definately do not need a car. Because you won't use it, almost all of the local activities provide shuttle service and they pick you up right in front of the hotel. The property has 4 restaurants located right on site, a beautiful pool area in the shade of the Tiki Bar Grill. The property also offers a 2 for 1 luau in their coupon book at check in, we had a chance to go to this luau and it was well worth it... me and my wife got in for like 70 bucks and it included a buffet dinner a show, and a fire knife dance which was just out of this world. This was our honeymoon and if you call the hotel before hand they will usually do something for you....For us we got champagne. And don't miss their FREE breakfast on the beach every morning.

Dallas Dump Desiring a Dress-Up To put it plain and simple.......this is not one of the greatest hotels in Dallas. In fact, we were pretty disappointed. Being on Northwest Highway, this hotel has great potential. Prime location, close to lots of entertainment and dining options, virtually no competition with any hotels around. However, the Radisson has not yet taken advantage of its opportunities. When we arrived, we were told we would be staying in a pool side suite with a kitchenette and separate living space. Sounds Great, huh!!! Forget it. The room itself was nicely decorated, but the A/C did not work, the room smelt of stagnant cigarette smoke, and the outside looked like a run down trash motel. In fact, they have two areas for rooms. One is within the main building!!! ASK FOR THESE ROOMS. The others rooms are separated to the outdoors like an older motel. Only about 1/4 of these rooms were renovated, so tons of these rooms were trashed out. In fact, this specific area was accessable to anyone who wanted to walk through an unlocked, opened fence. We called the front desk to complain about the A/C. They said someone would be up to fix it. An hour later, and still 90 degrees in the room, we went to the front desk and requested a new room on the inside of the building. They were very polite and quickly found us a new room on the 4th floor. I have no complaints about the staff. They were fine. Upon arrival to the 4th floor, we realized that one of the rooms had apparently sprung a leak. There was standing water in the hallway! NICE!!! We went in our room. It was cold, newly remodeled, and had a comfy bed. Despite the water, we opted to stay. We both slept very well. No complaints there. Basically, this hotel is undergoing major renovation, however, they don't seem to understand that guests don't want to be a forward participant in the dirty side of renovation. In my opinion, if you are thinking about staying here to save $20, just spend the extra $20 on a better hotel. Sorry Radisson, you failed. We will most definately never stay here again!!! HAPPY TRAVELS!!!

Really enjoyed Hotel 1898 My wife and I stayed at Hotel 1898 for 2 nights at the end of July for a long weekend. The hotel, located in a beautifully restored old building in a very central location, looks new and well-kept. The (standard) room, while not very big, had a clean and fresh feel to it. The bathroom was nice with a great shower and good water pressure. The reception staff was very friendly and helpful and spoke English very well. On our last day we were able to extend our room stay until 6pm for about 40% of what we paid for a full night. Maybe not cheap, but it allowed us to fully enjoy the day and freshen up before heading back to the airport. We particularly enjoyed the rooftop pool and lounge area. It was very warm when we were in Barcelona and after some sightseeing in the city, it was a great place to relax for a few hours and have some drinks. That brings me to the only negative thing of this hotel. The prices for drinks on the rooftop were excessive; we paid almost 15 euros per drink for a rum cola and a mojito. We also used the indoor pool downstairs, which is beautiful. We will definitely come back here for our next trip to Barcelona.

This was one great place! Great Fridge

The Honest Truth Philly Style My wife and I stayed here for 5 days and 4 nights at the end of September. We do travel alot but are not snobs. There is the backround and this is what you need to know about the resort. I hope it helps. 1. The beach and water are absolutely amazing. You will not be disappointed in this or the weather.2. The pools are clean, warm, and the pool bar area is awesome.3. Building 7 is new and the room itself is very nice. However our air conditioning did not work so there was a moldy smell in our room the whole time. 4.The food was not very good. If you go in with low expectations you will be ok. The breakfast buffet was good, the lunch on the beach was average and the dinners were awful. A previous poster said that the buffet pasta was better than the Italian restaurant and he was absolutely correct. The Tex-Mex place was practically inedible as the beef there is definately different than what most Americans will be used to so beware. We stayed at Excellence in Cancun last year and the food was 5 star. FYI there is an Excellence in Punta Cana.5. There is no top shelf liquor and your fridge in your room will be not so cold and stocked with only 2 beers and some cokes.6. The previous poster are correct in that the multi ball roulette game is a complete scam. Stay Away. Thank God I pulled the plug after losing only $200.00. Bottom line to this place is if your looking to relax all day at beautiful beach and/or pool on nice grounds this can be the place for you. However do not expect good food and just hope your air conditoning works. We had a great time here but would definately go to Excellence Punta Cana the next time.

Best Hotel Value In Hawaii Although this hotel hardly needs another 5 star rating, it was such a surprise and great experience I will try to give a different perspective.I was a Vice President for one the largest hotel chains in the world and have stayed in many hotels throughout the world over 30 years. I also have a second home in Hawaii and have been going to Hawaii since 1968. The first comment that comes to mind is that Aqua Resorts have really got their act together. I have not seen a such a combination of value, decor, friendliness, amenities and service.This hotel use dynamic sales, much like airlines, so your rate will vary depending on demand but it will remain the best value in Waikiki since demand is essentially seasonal and will affect other hotels as well.My first impression was the striking decor of the lobby and four employees at the front desk in about a 150 room hotel--you would be lucky to have that many in a 1000+ room hotel.Then to my room which was tastefully decorated as I've seen in a long time. Many of the few negative reviews complain of small rooms. I found the size well designed and more than adequate. The amenities were first class and the refrigerator, microwave and coffee are rare to find in hotels costing three times the price. The bathrobes were unique and the most luxurious I've seen anywhere--not the usual terry short white robe if they are provided at all. Also unique was having live anthuriums. The lanai was large and a view of the Ali Wai canal and the green mountains of the Monoa valley. . The beach is only a few blocks away and it is a bit quieter at this hotel location and has the only super market in Waikiki next door. The only thing I would add to the room would be a night light and small reading chair--but you can use the lanai chairs.The desk staff was always extremely friendly and the engineers , Craig and Mark, were very helpful in setting up my own dvd player and replacing a defective phone. Again for the few negative reviewers it's to be expected that sometimes things go wrong but what is important is that it is corrected. Try to get this kind of service in 2000 room hotel! It' s obvious that the employees enjoy their jobs are truly examples of the Aloha Spirit.Two other extras are the free broadband connection(hotels on the beach charge up to $20/day) and the free continental breakfast.The bottom line is that you will not find a better value in Waikiki, maybe not anywhere. Of course, if you must be on the beach prepare to pay 3-4 times the price with 1/2 the experience. I am telling all my friends and neighbors in Hawaii about this hotel and since it is relatively new, most do not know about it. My friends and I rarely go to Waikiki but it is much improved over 10 years ago and I would definitely pick this hotel again.David C. Johnson

Excellent experience We have stayed at several 2-3 star places on the Upper West Side and would definitely stay here again. Great location with clean, comfortable rooms. Europeans who are used to smaller rooms will be pleasantly surprised.We chose a suite just because we like the extra living space (3 adults in 2 doubles). Never opened the sofa bed so can't comment on that. Furniture in living room a bit worn, sort of like your grandmothers apartment. Great location as others have mentioned with lots of affordable very good restaurants nearby including the adjacent Viand. Staff was very pleasant and responsive to all requests. Plenty of closet space, bathroom clean but small. Full kitchen was nice especially the toaster for all the bagel places nearby Add this place to your list whenever you need a reliable hotel.

Surprise and delighted For less than $200 a night incl all taxes and fees, this place was a steal. Very large rooms with full kitchens and lots of closets. We had a queen bed and a sofa bed opposite it. With the sofa open, we still had room for a dance floor in between. Bathroom was ok and clean, as was everything else. Not a suite in the separate bedroom and living room sense, but just a very large room with a full kitchen and dining areaYou don't have the restaurants nearby like the Upper West Side places but who cares since this place was a good $100 less than those places for similar furnishings. A good and safe area with decent options on 3rd and 2nd. Also a great jumping off place to Long Island since the Midtown tunnel and Long Island Expressway (I-495) is a block away. Staff was professional and friendly, plus the adjacent public garage takes the car from you right at the hotel entrance so no hassles dropping the luggage and finding a place to park for the nights

Great Hotel Great hotel and wonderful roof top bar

Perfect Hotel. View from room 512

A Great Stay Myself, partner and 2 friends booked 2 rooms in the Langlois directed through their website after reading reviews on TripAdvisor. We paid about 100euro for each room which was excellent value. The rooms were spotless and perfectly sized (our friend's bathroom was huge!).Trinite metro was a mere 1 min walk away which was convenient for getting around. A taxi was less than 10 euro to the Lourve. We walked to the Moulin Rouge which was no more than 10mins away, with Montmarte a mere 20 min walk.We would all definitely stay there again as it was a terrific Parisian hotel and great value for money.

Mercure Sydney a Great Surprise Bed

Superior Swissotel Bathroom

Centre of Barcelona! We stayed here last weekend for 4 nights and had a very good stay. We booked directly on the H10 website after reading the reviews on TripAdvisor. We requested a large room and got a decent size room at the back of the hotel wich was very quiet. Whilst the room was not as big as we had hoped, it was a little bigger than some that we happened to see (but not as big as others).The hotel is very trendy, modern and friendly. The bathroom is huge and probably takes up a third of the room. The location is fantastic being a 1 minute walk from the Plaza de Catalunya and La Rambla!We had the breakfast which we were very happy with. There were lots of hot and cold options which were all very tasty! Also available were some English language newspapers and free internet at the 2 terminals in the lobby. All in all we had a great stay right in the centre of Barcelona.

As good as everyone says This hotel is definately as good as everyone says. We were not disappointed at all. The location is absolutely fantastic being right on Union Square with all the shopping you could possibly want and a cable car stop right out the front (which takes you down to Fisherman's Wharf). Chinatown is a short 5-10 minute walk away with Japantown being a bit further away and easy to get to on the bus (great for Japanese food!)The rooms are very nice. They might not be huge by American standards, but by European standards they are a good size. Everything was spotless and very nicely furnished. We asked for a high floor room and got the 11th floor which looked down towards Union Square. It was very quiet, even with the window open.We booked a package deal which came with parking which was located around the corner (a minutes walk away), as well as a voucher for food/drinks. This paid for our breakfast which was delivered to our room and was massive! A great way to start the day! The price was fantastic at about $150 per night for the parking and $25 voucher.The staff were very friendly at all times and very helpful. I would definately stay here again next time in SF.

A Well Run Hotel in a Great Location By New York City standards the Hampton Inn is reasonably priced, and for what the hotel gives you, almost a bargain [again, by NYC standards].LOCATION: Located on 8th Avenue between 51st and 52nd Street, the hotel is close to theaters, subways, delis, TKTS, and the bustle of Times Square. If you like to travel via taxi, if not one waiting at the door, there will be plenty driving by on 8th Avenue. Eighth Avenue is bustling and at no time does one feel unsafe.THE ROOM: The room with one king bed is a comfortable size. My wife and I have to coordinate our movements to avoid bumping in to each other. In addition to an iron/ironing board and hair dryer the room had my three necessities: a safe, a clock, and a coffee maker. Drawers and closet space are adequate. There was a full length mirror. USA Today is included in your room price. If you bring your computer, high speed internet access is available in the room and is included in the room price. The TV was a flat screen. We watch TV so I comment on picture quality or station selection. The shower spray is adjustable and the water temperature remains constant; the water pressure, however, is unsteady. The shower is a shower/bath combination. The bathroom has a nightlight. Housekeeping was dependable, friendly, and performed their duties well. The beds were comfortable. We were on the 11th floor overlooking 8th Avenue; my wife, who is a light sleeper, never commented on any street noise.ELEVATORS: Very efficient -- never an unreasonable waitSTAFF: Pleasant, helpful, and accommodating INTERNET ACCESS: If you have your computer with you, the hotel provides two computers with printers off the lobby. The cost is included in the price of the room. There is a 10-minute time limit before you are logged out -- a good policy that prevents discourteous guests from treating them like their personal machines.SECURITY: I noticed no security cameras in the hallways and elevators. A security guard checks room keys after 9 PM, but no one was checking on Friday/Saturday nights when we went to our room. In any event, the checking of room keys is not very effective. Instead of turning in the plastic key card when one checks out, an ill-intentioned person can retain it and use it to show the key checker when he wishes to access the room areas at night.FOOD: Like all Hampton Inns at which stayed, the guests have access to a buffet breakfast which is built into the price of the room. Cereal, sausage, eggs/French toast/waffles, yogurt, breads, bagels, pastries, fruit, milk, juice, coffee, hot chocolate, and tea are standard. The breakfast crew does an excellent job restocking. In addition, apples, coffee, hot chocolate, and tea are available at any time in the lobby [as are cookies if you time it right]. When looking at the price of the room, be sure to consider how much money these food features will save you.All-in-all, a well run hotel in a great location which offers you value for your money.

Good standard hotel We booked the hotel because it was considerably cheaper than the exorbitant rates in other Boston city centre hotels. The first impression was that it was all rather basic, but we found as the week progressed we warmed to the hotel. The room was large and clean, it rather noisy being at the front of the building. Staff were helpful and courteous. It is very conveniently situated especially for the highly recommended Charlie's Sandwich Shoppe for breakfast.

Not bad. Got a great rate here over New Years, staff was pleasant and the room was clean though the bathroom was a bit dated. The neighborhood is edgy and there is a great bagel place around the corner. If your interested in shopping in Cow Hollow or Japan town this is a great place, otherwise transportation is a bit difficult unless your interested in riding the cable car everywhere which is pricey at $5 each way.

Pretty Dang Good My wife and I stayed both at this hotel and the Courtyard at the Warf and based on just hotel quality, cleanliness, and comfort the downtown Courtyard is far superior.

Average My wife and I stayed both at this hotel and the Courtyard downtown and based on just hotel quality, cleanliness, and comfort the downtown Courtyard is far superior. Location is the real wildcard. If your in the city to do the tourist thing and love the Warf this would be a great place to be and has easy access to the neighborhoods tourist venture to most (North Beach, China Town, etc). The downtown neighborhood have much going on unless into clubbing but all areas of town are super easy to get to by bus from this hotel. Place like Hayes Valley, Noe Valley, Castro, and the Mission are much easier to get to then the Warf, plus super easy to get to the Warf, North beach, and Chinatown, plus downtown is cheaper all the weekends I have checked.

Fantastic hotel Amazing view from our room

Nice Hotel but.... This is a nice classy hotel which my company booked for me. It has a nice restaurant and the rooms are very comfortable and spacious. If you have the money to spend, this would be a great place to stay. The only thing I did not like about this hotel is they make you use their wireless internet service which you have to pay for. If you have dial up capability, it will work for a while, once they learn that you are using free dial up, they will but a block so you can't dial up. Majority of the staff is nice, but when I stayed there, the person who checked me in was absolutely rude. Check out was very smooth and the Grey Hound Bus stops right outside the hotel to take you to the airport...for a fee of course.

Good Budget Hotel Suites This Hotel is a great place to stay for a fair price. All the rooms that I have stayed in are decent. Some rooms have an older scent than others but again, it is a decent place to stay. For the last 4 years, I have stayed here and other than some rooms being older than others, I have no complaints. I will stay at this hotel over a pricey one any day. All have kitchenettes so you can cook your own meals, and all rooms have medium size refrigerators. The hotel is only a few blocks away from the beach and in the heart of Waikiki.

The Best Hotel My partner and I stay at Dreams Resort, Punta cana . We had a lot of fun. The hotel was Beautiful. The staff was very nice. We stay in a honeymoon suite. This hotel deserve five stars. They also very gay friendly. dont be scared ; enjoy yourself and have fun.The pool was clean and bigThe food was excellent ; but small portion ( order 2 plates)rooms are beautifulThe night life was also great and funny.I recommend the honeymoon suite.Dreams Rocks!Papi Bebo

OK, sonst gibt es besseres Bad 13. Stock Claymore Wing 2

Overall Top Notch Large and upscale. Great room, King Bed and flat panel tv. Good sized bathroom. Got an excellent rate online which was about a third of the advertised rate. Very convenient for Dulles with an efficient shuttle service thrown in.Bar/Dining/Mini Bar etc all about what you'd expect from this class of hotel, eg-$6 for a beer.Overall recommended for business or leisure although the hotel obviously aims at the former.Would definitely stay here again, and thats even after tripping up getting out of the cab and spraining my thumb and grazing my knee. Enjoy!!!

Great location, great buy! We read many reviews before selecting the Pension Dali for our two nights in Barcelona before departing on a trans-Atlantic cruise. Don't expect the Ritz. It's not fancy. It's an old, perhaps very old, building. There is no breakfast. Do expect a reasonably priced, clean and wonderfully located place to sleep. The check-in was flawless. The front desk was always staffed with someone who understood English. The room was clean. The bed comfortable. The bath servicable. There was a TV, but we don't watch on vacation. Our room was on the second floor over the side street and I was concerned about noise, but needn't have been. It was quiet after 10:00 p.m. The hotel is a block from a metro station (the only way to get around). Easy walking distance to the cathedral, shops, wonderful restaurants. It's less than 100 feet off the Rambla. If you're picky, pick something else, but if you want a well located place to lay your head, this is it.

Astonishing Architecture and Ambience This is a most unusual hotel and experience. The rooms are the slickest contemporary rooms I have experienced full of textures and with fine view over the harbour. The hotel is situation inside a VAST structure that is more than cathedral like. The consequence is that the communal inner space has a marvelous industrial feel but is so vast it is mostly unusable. There is a bar and cafe - breakfast in the cafe was a poor affair characterised by poor service and mediocre food - once experienced not to be repeated. There is a swimming pool\ but few people manage to find it in the building and there is no guidance in the rooms (perhaps due to the new ownership?). Overall the experience is positive. The location is convenient being right next to the Botanical Gardens and there are a variety of local eating places either on the dockside within the building or vicinity. The hotel seemed out of style for a Taj Hotel and one wonders if such an unusual space can be made to work effectively as a business. But try it and enjoy..its certainly a wow.

Not up to scratch Having booked two rooms for two nights we were pleased with the efficient and personalised pre-arrival emails but on the ground there were several poor features of this stay. First the reception clerk was very cold, unwelcoming, slow and seemed more concerned at trying to sell me up to the next class of room (Club Level). Secondly, the rooms were ok but showing signs of wear (desks, room items such as trays, wardrobes) and incompletely kitted out with amenities. Thirdly the pool area was slightly scruffy and it was hard to find a pool towel that was not torn.I was most surprised. Finally, being off-season there was no pool bar but a telephone service..the problem was the phone worked once then went dead. So the negatives out of the way, the location is good and main lounge area has a sense of gravitas. The breakfasts were fine.I will not be going back. Verdict: Must do better!

As good as ever..the best! Interconnecting Garden Wing rooms were ideal for the family. As ever, we were looked after famously and everyone enjoyed eating out at The LIne. This remains the best Singapore city hotel in my view, since it has the most attentive staff and best quality food around. Another strong recommendation!

Outstanding... as usual Bathroom trinkets

Tips fom a 3rd-time Visitor Background: I'm 28yrs old, I have been to San Juan 3 times in the past 2 years - twice at the El San Juan when I was single (next door) and once at the Intercontinental with my girlfriend (this visit).The Hotel: My first impression was that the hotel was very nice. It is centrally located in relation to popular tourist attractions (Old San Juan and El Yunque Rainforest). It is right on a beatiful beach. The lobby is quite small and not much going on. If you are looking for action the El San Juan is right next door. Overall, the pool and the lobby is much nicer at the El San Juan but for a family, couples, a relaxing vacation or elderly people, the Intercontinental is a better choice as it is much quieter and well lit. The El San Juan is very trendy, dark and loud (think night club) - but if you are single and younger (under 35) the El San Juan is a better choice.The Room: I originally upgraded to a room with an ocean view but when I got to my room on the 7th floor I noticed that most of the view was obstructed by trees. I immediately called the front desk and they gladly changed rooms to the 14th floor...that view was SPECTACULAR!!! Moral of the story - make sure you call for a higher floor because ocean view is pretty much anything on the side of the hotel that faces the ocean...it doesn't necessarily mean that you can see the ocean LOL! My only complaint was that the walls were paper-thin and you can easily hear people in the next room and it can be hard to sleep at night if you have loud neighbors. I had to call security all 3 nights I was there - it's not the hotel's fault that these people were really loud but just keep in mind that the walls are thin.The Hotel Staff: The staff is extremely courteous (much more than at the El San Juan). There was always someone to open the doors to the hotel for you no matter what time you entered or exited the hotel (and they never asked or expected a tip). The concierge was very nice and helpful as well. My only complaint was that the service at the front desk was a bit slow. House keeping was very quiet when cleaning other rooms- they were like ninjas - you dind't even know they were there. I left my room for breakfast, put the sign on my door to get my room cleaned...came back 45min later and my entire room was clean.Rental Car / PARKING!!!! : This was the best part for me...right accross the street is a self-parking area...it costs $16 per day and you can go in and out AS MUCH AS YOU PLEASE! This is such an advantage if you are doing any sightseeing. DO NOT waste money on organized tours...all the signs in San Juan are in English and easy to follow. Rent a car and you will save yourself a TON on money (including a $15 cab trip each way to and from the airport). I reserved a car from the airport on priceline.com for $15/day tax inc.!!!! That's $93 for a 4-day, 3-night weekend for parking and the car - You can't beat that! Old San Juan and the Bacardi factory are 15min by car and the rainforest is 45min away. If you take an organized tour this will cost you at least a couple of hundred dollars per person...for something that can easily be done on your own! However, make sure you bring a GPS - it will really come in handy - if you don't have one, most rental car companies can offer you one at a marginal rate. RENT A CAR, RENT A CAR, RENT A CAR!!!!Where to eat: Right across from the hotel there are tons of restaurants (Burger King, Pizza Hut, Wendy's, Subway, KFC...). My suggestion would be Mi Casita it is fairly authentic and relatively inexpensive and the food is good...BUT BEWARE the service can be long. I have eaten at this restaurant 5 times, dinner usually takes at least 45min for you to get your food and breakfast is around 25-30min. However, the last day we were there, dinner came out in 15min and breakfast came out in 10min...so I would say it's hit or miss but prepare for the worst. Don't go when you are extremely hungry because chances are you will wait a while. Try their Signature Mofongo dishes (mashed plantain topped with a tomato based sauce and your choice of chicken/beef/shrimp.) Overall, the wait is worth it - both for the quality of the food and especially the price. If you eat at any of the hotels, don't expect to get out of there for under $100 for 2 people (wine not included). Another option, is there is a grocery store within 5min walking distance from the hotel - you can't see it, so ask the concierge how to get to the Pueblo grocery store. There you can buy water, drinks, and even prepared food for dirt cheap prices. Also, there is a Walgreens 5min walking distance as well. Beach: The beach is very nice but can be crowded in peak seasons. It is a long beach - I'd say at least 5 miles. The sand is groomed every morning. The water can get rough if there is bad weather but generally, it is really good. The good thing about this hotel is that the beach chairs are free. Some other hotels charge $4/day for beach chairs!Things to do: If you like booze, the Bacardi Factory is nearby, you can go on a tour once you get there with your rental car =) Old San Juan is beautiful - make sure to bring a camera. There are a few old forts that can be visted that will give you a great view of the ocean and the city as well as a history of the island. Also, there is a path that you can walk on right by the ocean that takes you all along Old San Juan.El Yunque rainforest: This is a must! Take your rental car and drive to the rainforest; there are many well marked trails that are paved. You do not need a guide or to go on a tour. If you go by yourself - it's FREE!!!! All you have to do is print out a trail map from the internet first. On my first trip in 2005, I went on a tour that cost me $60...we walked for an hour and we were done. This time I did some research and did the La Mina trail and the Big Tree trail and that was amazing - nothing like what the tours take you on...breath-taking scenery and a gorgeous waterfall at the bottom. The rainforest opens at 7:30am; if you start hiking before 8:30am you will be fine otherwise expect crowds, especially at La Mina Falls. Both trails I took were about 40min of hiking...the La Mina trail is MUCH nicer than the Big Tree trail but it is also a bit harder to do. If you are in any decent shape, I suggest the La Mina trail down to the falls and the Big Tree trail back up. I hope this helps you out, I really love Puerto Rico and it is clear why it is called La Isla Del Encanto. I am set to go back in May and visit Culebra, home to Flamenco Beach - rated by Discovery Channel as one of the nicest beaches in the world. If you have a week in PR be sure to check this out - I am sure that you won't be sorry =)Wes

Nothing short of paradise Our family of 11, incl. my wife I, our adult kids , their 3 toddlers, just spent a week at PPC.Nothing but rave reviews! Excellent accommodations, spectacular grounds, great facilities, friendly and very accommodating staff, good, and plentiful food... really, just overall a great resort!Chosen an basis ot trip advisor reviews, and was definitely not disappointed!Would be happy to answer any questions.

Great underated Hyatt I don't know why others had given bad reviews of this hotel, or AAA's 3 diamond rating-it is one of the best Hyatts I have stayed in. It is well-maintained and clean and is the closest to the convention center. The sportsbar, Networks, has good food, atmosphere, and beer selection. We used our Hyatt Gold Passport points for the 3-day stay and they upgraded us up to a suite in the corner of the hotel on a high floor. Maids were thorough and cleaned the rooms well. There is an Einstein Brothers Bagel Cafe that stays open until 8:00 PM and has a good selection of bagels, salads, and great coffee. We were well-treated while there and no one tried to steer us to a private car company.

1st visit to NYC with a GREAT hotel View from our room on the 30th floor

Great hotel I stayed at the Hilton with my family. The only problem we had was that we booked two adjoining rooms but we were given two separate ones on the same floor because the hotel was booked. We stay on one of the concierge floors which gives you access to the concierge lounge. The lounge offers complementary traditional spanish breakfast in the morning and snacks throughout the day. Also bottled water, soda, and Spanish beers were complementary. The lounge has a large patio which has a gorgeous view of Barcelona. The rooms were very clean; the hotel seemed very new. The pool was clean and modern and I believe there may have been a lifeguard.

Disappointing I booked this hotel on the strength of the reviews I read on Trip Adviser, as I wanted something really special for my 50th birthday.I emailed the hotel before our stay to ask them to provide some flowers for my wife, to be in the room when we arrived. (I have now seen on a previous review that someone else did this successfully). I was told that this would be no problem. I also asked them to recommend a restaurant and book a table for the Friday night of our stay.When we arrived there were no flowers in the room so I went down to reception to find out why. The receptionist, who had replied to my email, said that he had forgotten to order the flowers. However he said he would get onto it straight away. Having forgotten the flowers I checked with him that he had booked the table at the restaurant. He assured me that this had been done. The flowers soon turned up and I was not charged for them.The room was great but during the first night my wife and I were kept awake by a rather noisy fan, which was directly over our bed. The next day we reported this and asked if it could be switched off. We were told that it could not be switched off but that it would be seen to. Later that day we were told that the filter had been changed. This did not make it any quieter and we had to live with the noise for the duration of our stay. There was also a stain on the floor of the room. Beware of room noisy fan!On the Friday evening we turned up at Het Tuynhuys restaurant on Reguliersdwarsstraat and we were told that they had no record of our booking and that they were full for the evening. They rang our hotel and the receptionist said that he could not remember if he had actually booked the meal. The staff at the restaurant felt sorry for us and worked hard to find us a table and in half an hour we were sat down ready to order. The food is fabulous and the service first rate. We highly recommend it and a special thank you to the manager and Nichole.We would agree with other reviews that this hotel is in an excellent location close to many of the attractions and that the free drinks and snacks are a bonus.We would also agree that the front office desk is friendly but not skilled at handling requests. They did not seem to know very much when asked general enquires about Amsterdam. When we tried to check out some information about buying tickets for some of the attractions they could not help us. We were often kept waiting and then when we were being dealt with; the staff broke away and talked to someone else. On one occasion the receptionist had to ask a senior member of staff three times about a simple enquiry. Not once did the senior member of staff come out and deal with the issue. More training is clearly needed in customer care and the art of concentration.Amsterdam has so much to offer and we would recommend hiring a bike (Mac Bike) to explore and the Sauna Deco at Herengracht 115 Grachtengordel. With all the cycling and walking you will do it is worth spending some time relaxing and Sauna Deco is a great place to do it. They provide good refreshments.Banks Mansion clearly has many good features and facilities, however for us it was let down by the carelessness of the staff.Where was Nina? (Mentioned in previous reviews). Come back all is forgiven!

Good Value Four of us - 2 adult couples - stayed at the Hispanos 7 Suiza (H7S) for 8 nights 12/28/08 - 1/6/09. The hotel is about 10 blocks from the center of Barcelona, but a subway is easily available. (Ten rides cost less than 8 Euros and rides can be shared.) The hotel is 5 floor high and consists of 2 bedroom, 2 bath apartments. There is a front desk that's staffed 24/7. A free breakfast (cold cereals, yougurt, fresh fruit, pastries and breads, juice, and beverages) is provided in the upscale restaurant on street level. The apartment is about 400 sq. feet. There's A long living room with a separate kitchen area at one end. The appliances are modern (d/w, built in oven, 2 burner range top, undercounter refrig,. with small freezer, microwave, toaster, and washer/dryer). The furniture is basic - upholstered coach and easy chair, small TV, glass top dining room table for 4. The living room - kitchen is about 11ft wide x 20 ft long. There are 2 small bedrooms, about 10 ft x 10ft. (Each has its own closet with hanging space, shelving, and drawers.) One has a queen bed, the other has twin beds. (The twins can be pushed together.) There's a hall bathroom (small tub with hand-held that doesn't mount on a wall) bidet, toilet, sink and lots of mirrors. We assigned that bath to one couple. The other bath is attached to the twin-bedded room. It has a small shower, toilet, and sink. It's tight, but it's certainly functional. The apartment has it's own heating and a/c system. It worked well. There's also a front balcony - probably 11 ft x 3.5 ft. There were a couple of problems. Thin doors and walls make privacy within the apartment an issue. One can also hear conversations in the adjoining unit - but this wasn't as serious as it may sound. There are supermarkets around the corner and places with prepared foods within a block or two. We didn't prepare meals but it was convenient to have cooked food and drinks available. The place was small for 4, but it suited our purposes. The modern bathrooms and kitchen were far from depressing. The rate was 230 euros a day plus a 7% tax. That's reasonable for 2 couples. We were there during an expensive time period. My guess is that discounts are readily available at other times of the year.. We found H7S a good alternative to a 4 star hotel. And during this holiday season, two rooms at a 4 star hotel would have cost significantly more.

Well managed, clean hotel I stayed at the Marriott Courtyard Miramar for two nights in early December. I enjoyed my stay for several reasons: 1) the hotel staff were exceptionally courteous and helpful, 2) the room was exceptionally clean and well cared for; I couldn't find anything to complain about, 3) the restauraunt served an excellent breakfast which was either buffet style or off the menu style, 4) the restaurant converted to a French style restaurant in the evening and was excellent in quality although somewhat pricey. My only minor complaint was the location of the hotel made it a bit difficult to find at night and I did not feel comfortable going out by foot at night. Old San Juan and other points of interest required a taxi to reach. Ratewise I felt the hotel was fairly priced; I paid about $140/night after having booked the reservation through the Marriott website and choosing the Senior Rate (62 years or older). I am returning to San Juan in January and will be staying at the Courtyard Marriott Miramar once again.

Nice Hotel, Good Location Spent 5 nights in Barcelona, wanting to see the sights and stay at upscale hotel at a reasonable price. If you are looking for European Old World elegance, this is not for you. If you are looking for a modern, clean, better hotel, that is on the water, close to La Rambla, this hotel is for you. At $176 US, Priceline awarded us with a stay at a comfortable hotel. Arriving on Saturday evening after a full day of traveling, and a layover in Madrid, we pleasantly greeted at the reception desk and given a very nice room overlooking a not so nice office building. We were offered complimentary glasses of Cava in the lounge. Being it was Saturday, we were lucky to see that the lounge featured Opera night, which showcased four very good performers. We ordered some tapas, an additional drink and called it a night. The prices were in line with what you would expect at a better hotel. Not outrageous by any means.The room was nice, bathroom had a jacuzzi, but the bed was a little hard. With all better hotels now offering plush bedding, we were surprised. The hotel is about a 10 minute walk to the top of La Rambla. We are walkers and found we were able to walk to many of the areas most tourists would want to see. La Boqueria a short walk on La Rambla is great way to start your day and load up snacks for the day ahead. The On and Off Tour Bus stops by the hotel. I suggest if you are staying a few days, to get the 2-day pass. It will take you to the places that are too far to walk to.Now for the best part of the hotel...Felipe, the concierge. Felipe was like a local tour guide for us. He advised where to go, where to eat, and how long to spend at each site. He even advised us where to rest, take out our snacks we bought earlier, and just take in life. Felipe made sure to ask us, on our return from sightseeing, how our day went. If a 5 star hotel is based on services, Felipe might be the reason (maybe the only reason) this is a 5 star hotel. We would recommend this hotel as a good place to stay for seeing the sights.

Some Additional Details.... The other positive reviews have already said it all, and I agree with them. In particular, the rooms are among the most beautiful and functional of any hotel I have stayed in. I just want to fill in a few details that might help others....What you want is a water view on a high floor with upgrade to Regency Club (27th floor) if available. Regency Club includes cont b'fast, evening appetizers, coffee/water almost 24/7, free internet access, nice space to hang out in.The Concierge can arrange very good Limo to/from SeaTac for around $50 each way.Hertz Local Addition Car Rental is RIGHT around the corner and shares a garage with the Grand Hyatt. Very convenient and open weekends. Check Hertz website for HLE (Hertz Local Addition) deals.At least two different city tours pick up at hotel. Concierge can arrange.Also Starbucks in Hotel Lobby.10-15 minute walk to Public Market. 20 -30 minute walk to WA State Ferries Terminal.

Great Pre/Post Cruise Hotel I enjoyed being able to see the cruise ships come and go from my room before my cruise. It really got me psyched and also a bit more prepared.My room request recommendation would be for a room WITH a full balcony (w/table and chairs) on the cruise terminal side of the hotel as close to the water as possible on a high floor. Note: the rooms with the most expansive bay views - - which the hotel charges more for -- do NOT have balconies....although they have a sliding glass door opening onto a tiny railed-in ledge and those views are indeed the best.The hotel was very accomodating to my need for any early check-in (10am) after my cruise, and a staff member told me that they try to be very responsive to this.Finally, they have a self serve laundry for guests and a business center with pay internet access.

I love the SF Hyatt Regency I stay in hotels in San Francisco often, and I enjoy the SF Hyatt Regency the most. I want to say right off the bat that this assumes I have a king room, bay view with balcony -- which IMHO is absolutely worth the price to upgrade. (I'm a Hyatt Gold Passport member, and I have had very good luck getting upgraded.)I find the architecture of the hotel fascinating and the somewhat Zen rooms extremely comfortable and efficient. I love hanging out on my balcony in the evening, or watching the boats and world go by in the daytime. Any service or store you could ever want is in either the Embarcadero shops or the Ferry Building marketplace....and all these places are used by locals so you are plunked down in the middle of a part of real San Francisco...not a tourist area per se.BART, the Cable Car, and a host of other public transportation options are right at your doorstep.I also like the level of service I have received here. It's not overly intimate and personal, but that's fine with me.Big Exception: I hate paying $38 for Valet parking. It seems like a crime.

Great Hotel Great Hotel...Very Nice Bathroom

Very nice hotel for prize, no complaints kitchenette

A treat We had a good room with a glimpse of the Bridge. Well thought out room. Impeccable service. Excellent food from Bar or Restaurant. Brilliant value. Only one criticism: the so-called Business Centre a disgrace - expensive compared with Dubai or Bangkok, internet cut off without warning, ludicrously short opening hours.

Beware of this hotel's cancellation policy ! My wife and I were due to stay at this hotel for three days in September, at the end of a tour of Brittany. Whilst in Brittany, my wife got the news that her mum was about to pass away, and we had to cancel our Paris visit and return to England urgently. We phoned the Albe FOUR CLEAR DAYS before our scheduled arrival, to regretfully cancel the booking, and we told them of the circumstances.The employee who took the call said that as we didn't have access to e-mail in Brittany, the cancellation was noted, and a refund of our deposit would be no problem.Following the death and funeral of our mother, we asked the Albe by what means they would refund our deposit. They were totally adamant that there would be no refund, and I can't now persuade them otherwise. Needless to say, we won't be going there at any time in the future. There are plenty of efficient and friendly hotels in the wonderful Latin quarter, but this doesn't appear to be one of them.

Enjoyable holiday at Majestic awsome pool

The ONLY place to stay! I have a home in Singapore, so for many years I never had to use a hotel in the city. However, when running a conference last year, I decided to join the VIP guests and try it out.I remember Raffles when it was a charmingly-tatty old place, with staff that may well have been recruited by the Sarkies, when they built the joint. When it was 'renovated' I sidelined it as even a place to recommend to friends, on the grounds that it looked like a well-disguised shopping centre with rooms.I WAS TOTALLY WRONG. This may be the best hotel in the world. If you want a taste of 'colonial' living, with none of the obsequiousness that the word suggests, you simply have to go here. Even if you don't particularly like Singapore, go here. Before you die, fellow trippers, go here.If you want super-trendy, stay away. If you want up-to-the-moment decor, stay away. If you want a cool pool-scene, and an in-house disco, give it a miss.There's absolutely no point in going into details beyond that. The amazing staff and the look and feel of the place are unique. There's nowhere else on earth I prefer...with the possible exception of Singita or Londolozi in S.Africa, but then the criteria are different there.Here's the kicker: my much-travelled son is ten, and it's HIS favourite place in the world as well.Some of the bars and restaurants are better than others, and none of them is The Best Place in Town...but Singapore is full of brilliant food and booze, so who cares? Raffles has the knack of making you feel like the only guest in the place, or at least the most important.I'm seriously thinking about selling my house, and moving in here.

Brilliant but go Royal Service Brilliant Hotel it is a big complex but after a few days of getting used to where everything is the size is not a problem. From the moment you get there the people do enough for you arrived at the airport in Punta Cana had a short wait for the bags then some local men come to take the bags to the coach (they do expect a tip for doing this though) then a 20 min drive to the hotel. Once at the hotel we were ushered to the Royal Service lounge which is nice and air conditioned, from there we were taken to our room opposite the Royal Service Pool And Restaurant. The porters take the bags to the room and show you how to book restaurants and how to work the telly.The resort has a number of restaurants on the site 9 (but only 6 were open when we went) all of which were very nice with great service. The resort also has a few buffet restaurants if you want more relaxed evening meal, there are lots of bars all offering a good range of drinks and cocktails again good table service.Hotel is really good cant understand the bad feedback it has had everything that we seen was brilliant even when we did have a problem with one of our parties rooms the service people come out in about 10 mins. There are bugs around but this is not because the place is dirty it is just that its so hot and humid. Would defiantly go to the hotel again the only thing putting me off is the 9 hour flight from the UK.Andy Keogh Keo1979@hotmail.com

Fantastic Hotel and location were fantastic walking distance to major attractions and really tidy and contemporary. Pool on the roof was excellent however the water was a little cold. The staff however where my only gripe they were not particularly helpful when asked for assistance they did not particularly care. This however would not stop me from returning excellent hotel in an excellent city!

What is wrong with this tleverls? Guys , why so many bad reviews??? did u stay at Grand Paradise Bavaro???thats the best , well not the best because u r not paying 300.00 a night , but one of the best hotel at Grand Paradise Bavaro. what do u expet , to be trated as a princess of course no , u r cheap going to this hotel , sooo,, dont expect the best all rightthe food is great, service great , before going to Grand Paradise Bavaro i read every single review and i did my homework . I knwe how to get the most from Grand Paradise Bavaro just from reading the review ohh but if u went without reading anything , i feel sorry 4 u this is not middle school where the professor , show u the bed , the seat , the bathroom , c ;mom . Wal , find out by ur self the hotel ,,,,,I know that u may like this hotel because it is cheap , but guyyyy TIPP TIIPPP , it will solve any problem. anuways , im going back to Grand Paradise Bavaro next year , last but not least , did u every learned any name of the employee at Grand Paradise Bavaro?if no , 2 bad , u didnt get great service I hope you undertand it ,,,,see ya

Excellent stay In February we stayed at the Hotel Milano in Old San Juan, PR for three nights before our Panama cruise. We truly enjoyed our stay at the Milano. As many of you have commented, it is situated in the middle of Old San Juan in the perfect location for visiting the forts, restaurants, and nightlife. We had a very pleasant room on the fourth floor facing the street with little or no street noise during our visit. Housekeeping kept the room immaculate. The restaurant on the roof terrace served delicious meals in the evening. What impressed us the most were the attentiveness and kindness of the owner/manager Juan San Emeterio and his staff. He was the perfect host beginning with his prompt email responses regarding our reservation to his seeing us off when we checked out. We encourage you to consider the Hotel Milano on your next visit to San Juan and to take the time become acquainted with Juan. He is a very interesting and erudite gentleman. You will come to find him to be a writer/poet/artist and an interesting individual. When we next visit San Juan, we will definitely stay at the Hotel Milano and look forward to seeing Juan again.

Great stylish hotel at Barcelona More photos

A Good Stay Hotel outside

Good value in spite of limited room size I booked four rooms for a group of four couples, including me and my wife, after visiting Tripadvisor. At the time of booking, Hotel Ares occupied top rank. Moreover, the room rate was within the group's budget, while mapping the hotel confirmed its central location.Room: The room had attractive state-of-the-art decor. The main problem was the tight room size of about ten square metres (excluding bathroom and lobby). There was absolutely no space for luggage. So this was opened on the bed and then replaced on the floor which made it uncomfortable to manoevre round the bed. Hanging space in the wardrobe was hardlly sufficient for one person. To make matters worse the hair dryer located in that compartment competed for space with hanging clothes.Amenities: An extensive choice of TV channels was available. The internet facility advertised on the Quadriga system turned out to be a joke and effectively unusable in terms of speed and userfriendliness.Service: Reception staff were extremely courteous and helpful. Housekeeping staff were totally inconspicuous, but their performance left nothing to be desired in terms of cleanliness and room turnout.Breakfast: One member of the group tried out the buffet breakfast and reported that the offerring (including eggs only in scrambled mode) was over priced at 15 euro. So we opted for a more varied breakfast for 10 euro at a coffee bar round the corner.General: The central location is indeed a boon. Nearby boulevards Suffren and Motte Piquet are full of shops, restaurants and bars. The Motte Piquet metro station, five minutes away, effectively connects the hotel Ares with the rest of Paris. I recommend Hotel Ares as good value for money, by Paris standards, especially on the strength of its location if not of the room size.

Not a hotel it's a Garden Inn This hotel (actually every complaint I made was answered with this is not a hotel, it is a Garden Inn) looks quite attractive in the lobby and bar but it stops right there.They had our reservation information incorrect.There was no two bottles of water provided But they would sell them to us.there was no shaving cream, tooth brushes, toothpaste shampoo etc providedThere was no concierge. The front desk covered that job but they repeatedly did not know the answers to my common questions.They did not know the length of the tour for which they sold ticketsThey charged $95 for a tour that their own literature indicated $90. They corrected the charge when I brought it to their attentiontheir General manager refused to answer six different phone calls.their elevators were inoperative on three occasions (Once because of extended cleaning, once because the service elevator was inoperative and they took over the passenger elevator to move baggage)On three occasions my card key did not workthe printer on the computer PC did not work. Eventually they summoned a geek who came in and got it working againthey failed to make one wake up callThey did not know of the nearby banks operating hoursThey did not know of a nearby hairdressers location, hours or even if it was open They were unaware of a nearby supermarkets operating hoursWhen asked about transportation to Ponte Vecchia etc they said we should hire a taxi ($22) even though there was a trolley a short distance from the hotel.The dining room was supposed to be open for service until 2230 however wwhen we showed up at 2225 they refused to allow us in even though there were several people still eating.The hotel charged extra for breakfastWe finally left the hotel two days early because of our repeated disapointments.

Good but could be better My wife I have just returned from a 5 week vacation including the last 3 days in Singapore. We made our reservation on the Hotel web site and paid around $S330 per night including taxes etc.The hotel is well located and is convenient to the Bugis MRT (underground access) and the grocery store below. All staff are very friendly and helpful but there are a couple of things that for a modern '5' Star hotel should be better. We were located in the older section on the lower floors. Room size was good, as was the bathroom but things are getting 'tired' and need some freshening up.Breakfast is the usual 'buffet' but it really was no better than a '3' Star hotel in terms of variety, imagination or 'something special'.Had to use the business centre briefly for internet access and was surprised to learn this is available at a cost (small but my experience is that this is usually free). Walking through the lobby indicated that porterage was often stretched .......... our experience particularly on checkout and later when returning to collect our luggage to go to the airport. A similar experience was found when we were seeking some pretty basic tourist information from the Concierge.One evening around 8:30pm we waited in the hotel taxi queue for about 45mins. Locals around us (and behind us in the queue) began making telephone bookings and were then leaving well before us. The porters did little to explain options or arrange an improved service .......... there are over 22,000 taxis in Singapore.For similar monies (slightly higher or lower) I suspect there may be some better options right now in Singapore

Mixed experience I travel frequently for work and pleasure, and found Hotel Max to be a mixed experience.My reservation was in order when I arrived, but despite calling twice and making sure that incidentals were cleared from the room and a hold wouldn't be put on the credit card I put down, on arrival I was told that's not possible.Reasonably, I put a credit card down and they placed the hold. However, two hours later when I was resting in the room cleaning staff came in and emptied out all incidentals. So, now I didn't have anything in the room and the charge was on my card.The room itself was crowded and VERY small (compared to similar boutiques in San Francisco) with a knob window heater (opposed to a digital one that moderates the temperature). I'm native to Minnesota so found Seattle to be fairly temperate in comparison so this wasn't a huge deal, but might be a a factor for someone coming from a warmer climate-- or someone that doesn't want to wake up roasting/freezing.Eventually the room felt more cozy instead of cramped, but it did take some getting used to. The decor is entertaining.There were multiple occasions in the three days I was there that my room became very smoky, likely from a nearby smoking room. Opening the window solved the problem. I could also hear my neighbors talking normally in the other room.On the positive side, the art on the doorways in stunning and the hotel certainly has personality. The front desk was friendly, knowledgeable and competent. They have a free business center with high speed internet and printers. Their location is prime for walking to most parts of the city.Typically, there's a two minute wait for a cab (they have to call one). HOWEVER, if you walk uphill a block to the Westin there's a whole line of available cabs to take.If you're looking for somewhere to crash for the night, this is a great choice. However, if you're looking for someone to spend some time at, there are probably better choices available for the money.

Enjoyed our stay This was our first visit to Barcelona. We booked our hotel direct based on tripadvisor ratings. We were not in anyway disappointed. We chose to avoid the La Rambla area for noise reasons, but wanted to be within walking distance. Excellent location in Gracia district. Great shopping, close to Fontana subway station and a good walk to La Rambla. We had an interior room overlooking the courtyard. which was very quiet. We did not eat at the hotel so cannot comment on breakfast. This hotel while dated, was clean and comfortable and good value for the Euro charged and a great safe location. Would recommend.

Great Overnight-Not extended This hotel is great for it's main purpose, which is flying into LAX and staying one night and leaving. However, do NOT stay if you intend to stay a few days.1.) No free continental breakfast, you pay for a real breakfast2.) Parking is $12 per day one block away! Parking at the hotel is $24 per day!3.) No free internet access, that is $10.95However, look of the hotel and comfort is great. Hotel food is great but expensive. My recommendation, stay 1 night flying thru LA is okay....coming with a car whatsoever, do not stay here.

Too far from the centre 4 of us stayed for 2 nights in October 2007. We had a very good deal from a travel website and paid 112 per night including breakfast and an upgrade to de-luxe rooms. We all thought that was about the right price and would not have been happy to have paid much more. The staff were very pleasant, the bed was superb, the views were great, breakfast was full of good choices. The downside was the location. 20/25 minutes away from Barcelona centre and a hopeless shuttle bus that ran from 10am to 6 pm and only took a small number of people. Cabs cost around 40 euros return to the centre. My advice is, if you want to see Barcelona book a city centre hotel. Also, in the summer a large theme park/fairground attraction is right next door and that could be noisy.

Liked the dark de las letras My wife and I stayed here for 4 nights in early March 2007. The location is excellent, you can walk almost everywhere and the metro is 2 minutes walk. Very comfortable room but very dark as we asked for a quiet room and this meant inside with no view. The lighting was only just sufficient. A room with a view and more light would mean being on Gran Via, very noisy. Friendly staff, comfortable bed, clean room, we would certainly return. We didn't try the restaurant. We went to the bar but it was very badly run, had to make a fuss to get served. One poor waiter looking after the whole room while half a dozen staff behind the bar running around like headless chickens. A stylish bar nevertheless but needs a proper manager.

Reasonably priced for downtown boston--not a bad place to stay The Hilton at Logan Airport is a very reasonably priced 4 star property in down town Boston. The hotel shuttles did a great job dropping us off and picking us up from the subway station so we didn't need a car. The pool was small, but nice for the kids. Room service was good, but VERY pricey (and the hotel restaurant would not serve any meals to go). I was a little surprised there were no refrigerators in the rooms for a hotel of this quality. Rooms were very nice, and we stayed on the Executive Floor which included a nice complimentary continental breakfast. No complaints, but for a 4 star property they didn't blow us away. Given the price of lodging in Boston, it was a great value for the price. Would recommend.

I Hope You DON'T I hope you don't like... -A/C in 90 degree weather b/c they did not fix our A/C until the 4th day -beer and water in your mini fridge because we had to literally take them off the carts our selves-the things in your room b/c the second day they stole my button up shirt hanging in the closet-nice receptionist in the lobby b/c once you complain they will do nothing and than gain an attitude and talk bad about you in spanish-clean rooms because the floors were dirty and filled with ants-fly free food b/c open buffets are filled with them-small size cups from the bar b/c it takes you 10mins to get a drink than you finish it in one gulp and have to wait all over- I hope you don't know English because spanish is a mustOther than that it was a okay time- private beach, good restaurants except Italian, every room has a balcony and beautiful landscape

Great hotel, great location, no elevator problems This is the best location in Times Square. And, it is one of the few NYC hotels that is completely void of street noise. There were hotel employees at the elevators assuring that everyone got to their floor in a timely manner. All of the employees were very friendly and helpful.I will definitely stay at this hotel on future NYC visits.

Duck and Cover! Here comes another jet through the room!!! I had a jet fly through my room every 10 minutes. The loudest one was at 5:15 am. I gave up on sleeping then. They just kept coming.This is an older property. Probably early 1970's. The neighborhood must have been much nicer back then too. The location has gone down hill.The bed was extremely small, but reasonably comfortable. One roll over on either side and you would have fallen off.There were stains in the bathroom from the years of wear. Not dirty, just very old. A black streak here and black flecks there.The front desk was nice.Very close to the airport.The breakfast was okay.I did like being able to buy a Coke out of the machine for the bargain price of $.75 per 12 ounce can!

The Omni was a little disappointing 1) I tried to get an early check-in at 2 pm. The room was not ready until 3:30 pm. 2) I checked my luggage with the bellman and went outside to wait. When my room was finally ready, the bellman was gone. I waited at the bellman's stand for ten minutes and no one showed up and the front desk was not concerned. Finally I hunted around and found my own bag. It was sitting by the hotel entrance with six others and nobody was paying attention to the luggage. I helped myself to my bag and went up stairs. What is the point of checking your bag if it is left out in the open with no attendant???3) The whole floor I was on had BAD BREATH! P.U. It was a horrible last week's pizza and beer smell. 4) There are no restaurants in the imediate area except for the hotel restaurant. The hotel restaurant was okay but, I was there for three days and would like to have had a choice of restaurants.5) Some of the staff at the front desk were nice. They must have had a 5 pm shift change and that group was rude. 6) The mattress was old and sank to one side. Otherwise, it was your average two star hotel. Do not get your expectations up and you will be fine here. If you expect $125 worth of hotel room, you will be disappointed. This hotel is a good value at the $75 per night price if you can live with the negative features mentioned up above.

Great value for money, and ideal if you plan to use public transport Pickwick from across the street

Splendid by Name, Splendid by ........................... Having read reviews of this hotel on this site we were expecting a very nice hotel and were not disappointed.The location, just off the Arc de Triomphe, across the road from the nearest Metro (Charles de Gaule E'toile), was excellent.The rooms warm, welcoming and very nicely appointed.The staff friendly and helpful.The breakfasts catered for everyones tastes, cold, hot, cereals, fruit, cheese, meats, eggs, bacon, sausages, croissants, juice, tea, coffee etc etc.We went to Paris for 3 nights to celebrate the New Year and had a wonderful time. We travelled on Eurostar and the only down side to the whole trip was the huge queues for tickets for the Metro once we arrived at Gar du Nord. Had we known we could have bought them at St Pancras once we had checked in for Eurostar, won't make that mistake again.

mixed review here for convention, but being a Starwood Gold, did get a room upgrade to 30th floor, partial ocean view. Fast, efficient check in. However, this hotel is being rennovated, it would appear. Moved rooms after 3 nites due to party crowd next door to 24th floor. 30th was old carpet, wall paper coming off. 24th was very clean and nice!! Pool service was poor, breakfast options not great. Location is good, though slight walk to get to good beach which is in front of the Royal Hawaiin.Used the Concierge once, and she was wonderful, fun and accurate. Very crowded and had it not been for the convention, would have been outnumbered 9 to 1 by Asian crowd. I think there are better options in waikiki, but this hotel os ok.

Convenient location and nice view - awful hotel View from room (10th Floor)

Location outweighs any shortcomings Cremorne Pont Ferry

Mixed Reviews of the WESJ We have gone to this about six years now. It has many pros and many cons. They seem however to equal each other, and why we keep returning.Ill start with the Pros: Restaurants are really good but quite pricey. Lobby is amazing, and the staff does give the general can help attitude. The grounds are what the make the hotel so special, the two pools are really nice, big and clean. let the ads fool you however; when it says three pools, one is only for certain guests. The adjacent beach is quite long and the ocean water a perfect temp.CONS: Rooms, Rooms, Rooms. The rooms are in dire need of repairs, they are old, and dirty, and have some serious mantience problems. The most serious being as we heard from other guests one water pump was the top floor of the hotel receiving no hot water during prime hours. (4-8PM.) The front desk just told them go to a different room and shower, and they were given a key to that room to use for an hour. Hot water is always a problem though in the hotel during those hours as is water pressure. We had the same room the last two years, and the broken doorknob last year, was still broken this year. We had two rooms; in one room bathroom towels were repeatedly dirty. Most shocking however, was the stained sheets left one night. They were immediately changed upon request, but this should not happen in this first place.I probably would return to the hotel, but all in all in needs a major facelift, as the price they are getting does not match the rooms they offer.

Amazing Relaxing Thanksgiving View from the balcony

Yuck Not the best of hotels. I was in one of the wings. Hotel is old and visably unappealing. It says its on 35 acres, but they literally use all that area. Parking gates to get in and out of lot. Very big hotel, not very good hotel though. If I returned to Seattle, I would most likely skip this place.

Great Find Ca Dei Dogi makes you feel like you live in Venice. It is a tiny six-room hotel that has excellent hosts who welcome you in their city like family.It is located in an amazing location, off some small alleyways near St. Mark's Square and from there everything is in walking distance. There is a water bus stop right at the end of the alley, so access to the airport and train station is also easy.I stayed in the single room which was tiny, barely enough room to walk. But for the price in Venice, it was fine.Breakfast was included and a good chance to relax. Likewise, the hotel has a rooftop garden that is a nice place to relax from the heat of Venice.The hotel does not have an elevator, but they help you with all your bags. Venice is an amazing city and Ca Dei Dogi makes it even more enjoyable. Pick this place--you will not regret it.

Great Hotel, Location TV and desk

Amazing experience!!! Just returned from a night in Florence at the Una Hotel Vittoria and i definitely loved this hip boutique hotel. I found a very convenient price at Una website (just 170 Euros for an Executive room which regular price is 490, better than any other website) and immediately booked a room for me and my boyfriend. Una Vittoria is a trendy and modern hotel located in San Frediano, a typical florentine neighborhood, at just 15 min walk from Ponte Vecchio. Our room (number 109) was large, clean and really comfortable, and the bathroom was huge (loved the deepest thub i've ever seen!!).. plasma screen in front of the bed and a little flat tv in the bathroom give a stylish touch to this incredible room! Frette lines are awesome and you'll love the little lights in the leather-covered walls all around you, it makes you feel like sorrounded by the stars! The staff is very friendly and useful, the decor of the hotel is hip and funny. Restaurant and bar are very trendy and the food really good. Interior parking. Great breakfast included. Highly recommended, but avoid it if you're looking for a more typical and classical hotel (and you're not into those design hotels), and if you want to be closer to the major attractions of Florence.

Unbeatable location and great design The amazing bathroom

Amazing hotel in the amazing Barcelona The dining area

Wonderful Hotel Getting There: While a taxi is the quickest means to get to the hotel, I would strongly recommend (especially for those traveling solo) taking instead the subway, which will be about one-quarter of the cost of a taxi (including return). The subway stops at both the international and domestic terminals of the airport. Take it to the Wynyard Station and exit on York Street. Look to your left; the hotel is on the very next block, about 100 meters away. (It took me, from the time my plane landed in Sydney to the time I arrived at the hotel, exactly one hour; that included the time during which I had to wait to get my bags as the carousel.)Rooms: My room was fairly large. The bed was comfortable, and there was a fair amount of storage space. I had a refrigerator but no microwave. The staff at the Travelodge is very courteous and more than willing to answer questions and provide assistance to patrons.Fun: The Travelodge is in the heart of Sydney. It is about a 10-minute walk from Circular Quay and Sydney Tower, and 20-25 minutes from the Sydney Harbour Bridge. Circular Quay where the Sydney Opera House is located; it is also where one can catch the harbor ferries. Food: There is a restaurant at the hotel. Breakfast runs $20 (Australian) for the continental buffet and $25 for the hot buffet. Dinner will cost about $17-25 per If you are on a tight budget or want to eat away from the hotel, there are numerous restaurants and bakeries nearby. I found several bakeries at Wynyard Station, and there is even a grocery store there. One can go through the station into one of the downtown shopping markets. For those looking for a quick cup of coffee or snack, is located across the street from the hotel. (Head toward Wynyard Station on York Street; you miss it.) Fitness: Sydney is an easy city to walk around. If you are looking for a gym, the hotel does have a fitness center, located on the 21st (top) floor. It has an elliptical machine, treadmill, bike, rowing machine, and dumbbells up to 10 kg. Internet: While there is internet access in the room, it is pricey. On the lobby floor are three computers that offer internet at the cost of $1 for 20 minutes time. One can also print material off at 20 cents a page.

Wake up calls are offered, not guaranteed Hotel reception

Funky Kewl The location is great, just off Time Square. The bed is very comfortable. Good value for money - free local call, free breakfast. Except my wireless connection doesnt work in my room, a hassle to keep going down to the bar area to get online...the shower water pressure could be more powerful. On the whole, I love this hotel and will certainly come back again.

excellent choice Stayed here for 3 nights, first impressions were of modern, clean hotel. Rooms were of good size, we asked for top floor room which had a bit of a view over the harbour and also turned out to be quiet as well. Comfortable beds, soft and firm pillows allowed good nights sleep, coffee maker, clean bathroom with all the necessary bits and pieces included. Cool bucket supplied and with ice maker and vending machine down the corridor, (mini fridge would be better suited.) Internet access downstairs with 2 computers to allow one to check e mail etc.( free service in the room.) Breakfast was choice of cereals, yoghurts, toast, pastry and choice of 3 hot plates, never any rush and plenty of food. Yes would be nice to have a bar or restaraunt in the hotel but really it is location here that is important, this hotel is minutes away from all the touristy areas with all sorts of eating establishments and with easy acces to public transport. We had a hire car which the valet allowed us to leave at the front door free of charge while we unloaded our cases and checked into the room , then we returned our car to local depot. No need for a hire car in SF, public transport is fun, easy and cheap while public parking is expensive. Shuttle bus to the door should take 30-40 mins and $12-15. Would recommend this hotel to anyone.

Great place to stay! But keep in mind... The Westin was a beautiful hotel with friendly, courteous extremely helpful staff. Upon arrival, check in went slow we did get offered a below average room... however, after asking for an upgrade, we received one of the BEST rooms possible at no additional charge! The beach was private beautiful however there is brown sand not white so those of you who feel it's dirty - it's not! It did get a little littered by the end of our 8-day stay but NOTHING to complain about. The pools were perfect - with the exception of no swim-up bar although the tiki bar was great VERY relaxing the hours were too limited. The food/restaurants at the hotel were well-above average - except that they were not always open so if you are looking to JUST be at the hotel the ENTIRE time you may want to take that into consideration. We rented an Avis car at the hotel (good price cheap parking) and explored the island which we HIGHLY recommend doing! Don't expect 4-5 star areas or restaurants as you would find in the U.S. Mainland - but if you give it a chance you WILL find 4-5 star quality in both food places to visit - ESPECIALLY with the people of P.R.!! The hotel is isolated so, for example, to get to San Juan is at least 40 minutes with a bit of traffic. We explored El Yunque which is a MUST! (GREAT tour through the Westin with Harry the tour guide!!). The East Wind Catamarran trip to Culebra is also HIGHLY recommended out of Fajardo. Luquillo beach is great but NOT in the public area of the beach!!! You must go INTO the area of Luquillo where seafood like King's Sandy's are AMAZING that area has the beautiful beaches. The kiosks off route 3 for Fast Puerto Rican Food seems scary but if you can get past what you are used to you will be in for a REAL TREAT!!! The Pina Colada's at La Roca Taina (#53 -#58?) out of the kiosks is awesome esp. for $3!!! And Hacienda Caribali for sunsets in Rio Grande overlooking El Yunque Rio Mar was breathtaking! The food incredible - the service outstanding again! THe Pina Coladas ROCKED!! Also - if you can muster up the energy - Old San Juan is truly magical... We ate at a local hideaway called El Jibarito (recommended in Frommer's) and it was some of the best Puerto Rican food we had on the island... For 2 meals 4 Medalla's (Puerto Rican beer) the bill was under $35 with tip. The main drawback to staying at the Westin Rio Mar is the lack of nightlife. If you don't mind driving a bit - the El Conquistador is good for some nightlife Isla Verde is about 30 minutes away GREAT for nightlife. For golf the Westin seems wonderful (we don't golf) again, if isolation is a factor for your trip it's a TERRIFIC place to be! We were able to get both - relaxation adventure we can't WAIT to go back to Puerto Rico! Also for those people who we've read reviews of that complain about things like the humidity bugs sporadic rainstorms... It's a CARIBBEAN ISLAND! IT'S TROPICAL! DON'T GO IF YOU EXPECT TO FIND THIS OASIS OF PERFECT WEATHER! IT'S NOT POSSIBLE! And to us the weather was pretty perfect! Also, please keep in mind - Puerto Rico's MAIN language is SPANISH! 90% of the people speak english well but it helps to know a little spanish.

Modern hotel/apartments in a fantastic location The gym

Out of Place, or what! The best coffee bar ever!

Perfect Location Decent sized room, clean and comfortable and the bed was brilliant. I see that small rooms are normal in NY, but not here. They are about the average size you would expect outside of the city. The location is also excellent for Time Square and Bryant Square. Subway on the corner and right next to a Dele and an Irish Bar (good pub grub at a reasonable cost). If walking is not a problem to you then you are perfect in this hotel for all the local attractions. Macys is about 10 mins as is 5th ave. Time Square 3 mins and central park about 15 mins. If I return to NY, I will look this hotel up right away. Staff were all friendly and helpfull without exception. One thing missing is a restaurant on the premises for evening meals and snacks, but with so much on offer outside, this is no big deal and there is a breakfast room and this was very clean, smart and with a good selection.

Not my cup of tea!...never again Just got back from the Melia PC. Mosquitos in the room were a problem. Requested service for removal twice...nothing done. My kids were bitten all over. I try to be brief but informative.Overall: Would not go back to Melia or PC.Grounds: Outstanding....gorgeous. A very large property. If you have very young ones....you will have a problem. The walk from my room to the beach was about 10 minutes. No problem for me..but my 4 year old preferred the shuttle. So.. you have to wait for the shuttle...then its about a 2 minute ride....going. Coming back from the beach is another matter. A 10 minute walk through a nice property turns into a 30 minute ride through the whole property....a real pain.Beach: Outstanding...nothing more to say about it.Pools: Nice, but not maintained enough for my liking. During my week there, the filters were not working for two days...and they still did not ensure that scimming was done regularly....very puzzling to me.Food: Average...as all the all inclusives are. If you are looking for gourmet meals...you shouldn't be traveling to these kinds of resorts.Entertainment: Terrible. If you have kids, you would like to have something start before 9:00pm. I believe the motive here is to get you bored out of your mind so that you will visit the casino!Bottom Line: If you don't require gambling or golf, why would you go to the D.R.? There are many places to go where the weather and the beaches are just as good...the food as good or better and the entertainment far superior...for the whole family. Choose carefully before you book the D.R.!

Excellent Hotel The hotel is really good. For the price we have paid it was overal very good. The point that we missed was that there wasn't a swimming pool, but I think when they would have a swimming pool this hotel certainly would get a 5 star. And would be more expensive.The hotel has a very good orientation, near plaza catalunya and Ramblas so the shopping area. The hotel staff was very friendly and the rooms were always okay.The hotel even maid our trip to cava freixenet, they have made the booking for us (group of 7)The triple room was bigger then we thought.Overal a good hotel, and I have read that many persons complain about the noise, but you have to remind that you make a citytrip, and a city where is much to do, there is more noice. But I have nothing noticed at all, and had a quiet sleep!

Great Location, Great Staff The Hotel... First tall building on left of photo.

Going back... That's for sure....... Our room... No.232

old fashioned, but still my favorite... Fantastic location in the middle of East-Berlin at the corner of two historic streets. The hotel was build in the Eastern Germany Days, but its renovated in most parts. I was here many times before and have seen all kind of rooms (make sure, you get an renovated one with Heavenly Bed!). Due to my SPG Platinum Status, this time I had a corner suite with a great view, but it was a old interior... Try the breakfast, its fantastic, but expensive Beside the location the best thing is the atrium lobby ... very old fashioned, but a great spot! My favorite hotel in Berlin!

Clean, Comfortable and Spacious - Overall good We moved to this hotel after leaving the Radisson because it was so bad and we checked out early.The Hampton Inn was exactly what we needed. It is well located, a comfortable size and the rooms are spacious and clean. What's more, this was cheaper than the Radisson. The staff were friendly and helpful and this even had breakfast included. Breakfast is OK but we chose to eat out a couple of times to get the New York experience.The hotel doesn't look great from the outside but don't be put off, it is fine inside and perfectly OK if you are looking to stay in Central NY and want a bit of space.

Hollywood and fine . Hold on , it in Hollywood people. The area is a lot better then it used to be believe me. Its always busy even late at night and you will be fine. Firstly about some of the muppets who have reviewed the hotel....... why did you stay in Hollywood ? Its full of historic building and places , if you you love film and old forties film you will love it and this hotel. All you others please go to your theme parks and shut up. This hotel is of a high standard, top draw if you have to put up with the crap serviceand hotels in Engand, Have no worries on stopping here. Go buy a good Hollywood history book from Borders and enjoy the area, The Pig and Whistle is great, Bogart, Bacall, Hemmingway etc all used it in its day........ If you do not like that mixed in with the slightly tacky t shirt stands and all stay away, Santa Monica is lovely.

Great place and location Excellent stay for 5 nights. Have stayed in the sister hotel in San Diego and this is the same high standard. brilliant location right on union square. A large room with all of the usual stuff you expect in the USA. Great standard of hotel for a great price . The only warning is if you want a quiet night the rooms at the front are a little noisy from the traffic on the street, but hey get out and enjoy it and you will be too tierd to care. ! Check out the Gold Rush bar around the corner , a fab little place. Its all in the location baby !

Giant Bedroom, Tiny Bathroom Stayed 6 nights in a Junior Suite on the top floor of the hotel facing the back.The welcome at the hotel was congenial and David the concierge was always helpful or had some drole remark to make.A room at the back of the hotel afforded a view of nothing interesting but we enjoyed not hearing the hum of Geary St.In terms of decoration, the most striking thing was the size difference between the bedroom (huge) and the bathroom (miniscule). This is something I can never quite get a handle on. Additionally, I would qualify the bathroom as badly designed.The furnishings in the room were comfortable but a little shabby. On the plus side, the room was kept very clean and the housekeepers were amiable. I used the business center, which was efficient and practical.For price and location, it is a pretty good deal though I would probably try out a different hotel next time.

Design and a Sign I stayed two nights at the hotel in November 2008. Was glad that I booked one of the large balcony rooms (74) and was even more impressed by the wonderful metal and wood SOHO sign on the terrace ledge.The room itself was very well organised, with an excellent working/living space and a comfortable bed. Different lighting combinations could be set to make the room look warmer or cooler.Breakfast was included in the price and it was very attractively presented in a funky environment.Street noise was slightly annoying but this is to be expected on the Gran Via.I would definitely consider coming back to stay at this hotel.

Superior service We had a great time at this hotel. The wonderful experience started from the first minute we pulled up in the taxi. We were met with some of the friendliest and most helpful staff we have experienced in all our travels. Everyone we interacted with (front desk, conceirge, door staff, bell staff, pool people, waiters, etc.) treated us extremely well and really made the experience. Even Socorro at the Avis counter in the hotel was extremely helpful!Our Club Intercontinental room was right by the pool, gym and spa. We apprecited the additional privacy and ability to walk right out to the pool area and the beach. The furnishings were a tasteful Caribbean motif (no over the top sea foam green and flamingo pink) with a lot of tropical wood. The onlyissues were that the sliding glass door was hard to open and close, the walls were a little on the thin side if you have really loud talkers (we have those neighbors for one day) and the ceiling in the bathroom was a little low. We used the gym. It was one of the nicest hotel gyms we have ever used. Everything was new.We did have our last lunch at the hotel's Japanese offering, Momoyama. The Pepper Tuna appetizer was amazing. The rest of the sushi was good, but nothing spectular. The staff was, again, extremely friendly.We loved this hotel and will definitely stay there the next time we are in San Juan.

Nice Hotel and great value for the money Stayed here 4 nights and I'm satisfied with this Hotel. It's not fancy but it's a nice Hotel and good value for the money. The check in was quick, the room was big with comfortable beds, the complimentary breakfast (eat early, at least before 8AM to avoid the crowd) had not everything you might want but was perfectly OK and the staff was friendly. The location is great near Times Square, Rockefeller Center, Central Pak etc. It's even convienent to take a walk to Madison Square Garden. I will probably stay here again if visiting New York City.

Love this hotel This was my second stay at the Homewood Suites in Seattle, both prior to a cruise. As a Diamond HH member, I stay in Homewoods quite a bit and this one is the best I have ever stayed in.The rooms are nice (if you can grab one at the end of the hall they have a half circle design in the front with plenty of windows and potential bay views out the front and Space Needle views out the bedroom) and this place has the best morning breakfast and evening meal of any Homewood I have stayed at.The offer parking (never charged myself for parking on 2 stays) and it is a very easy walk to the Space Needle complex and to the waterfront. They were also offering a shuttle to both cruise ship piers.Great place, looking forward to my next stay there.Chris

Best hotel I've ever stayed in! My wife and I stayed at the Conrad Bali from 1-10 July 2005. From the moment we arrived, we were hugely impressed with the standard of the hotel and the friendliness of the staff. Everything worked and was of the highest quality, from the excellent room to the best ever pool I've seen.When I lost my camera, the hotel manager arranged for the head of security to accompany me to the police station, a requirement of my travel insurance but not something I fancied taking on myself. Less than an hour later, I had a police report which should allow the claim to proceed.Contrary to other reviews on this site, we found the food at the Conrad to be really very good. OK so you can get it cheaper elsewhere and there are more authentic Balinese restaurants available (the Bumbu Bali is five minutes away by car and they collect and return you!), but for a luxury hotel in impeccable surroundings, the cost and quality of the food offering is in my experience hard to beat.I look forward to my next trip to the Conrad Bali - I'd recommend it highly to anyone!

Nice! I arrived at the Biscayne Bay Marriott after renting a car at the airport. Beware of the bill for parking and telephone, be sure to ask what each individual call would cost!! I ended up paying $70 for a 2 minute long distance phone call!!Hotel is located in a nice area near bayside mall and the american airlines arena with good access to all areas of Miami.Hotel is about a 25 minute ride from the airport with about $20-$25.Room Service food was average and the bathroom looks a little outdated. Great front desk staff!!

Great Hotel My family and I went to the Hilton Hawaiian Village during spring break 2005. I must say it was an excellent trip. Not only did we meet the cast of the T.V. show LOST once, we met them twice. The first time we saw them was the night of the last episode with one of the male castmembers (the brother of the pretty blonde girl). The cast wasa celebrating with a dinner at the five star Golden Dragon restaurant. Other than the celebrities, the animals and scenery was MAGNIFICENT. Oh, and I almost forgot! Watch your children in the ocean, because while we were there, a japanese man nearly drowned in the ocean, and if it wasnt for my parents and a few nurses on vacation, he surely would have drowned. And the lifeguard.....he was too far away to even know there was a drowning person. He finally showed up right as the paramedics arrived. The hotel treated us right when they found out we helped save that man's life. I reccomend this resort to anyone visiting Honolulu!

Nice idea makes standard hotel better We stayed here long weekend in July. Hotel is located in fancy neighbourhood next to Vondelpark with walking distance/ easy tram access to tourist areas. We chose the hotel, because it has a unique idea compared to hundreds of other similar, budget hotels and it was far enough from tourist trap areas with thousands of drunken English. The Hotel's idea is good enough to make it nice experience. Yes, rooms are small in this category, but that is something you can expect when travelling in Europe. You get what you pay for-and here you get something nice extra: unique idea. The personel was really friendly and helpful all the time. Rooms were little old, but ok. Like someone mentioned, the idea cover's well the oldness. We didn't have any problems with anything. Enough space in room with that sum of money, normally working bathroom etc. Even the breakfast was good enough. There are always the city taxes in Amsterdam and several other cities. Unfortunately some internet sites doesn't inform that. Hotel is maybe little far for walking several times a day to tourist areas, but there is easy access to everywhere in the city with trams (stop is 300m from Hotel) or even better is rent a bike! There are several companies in tourist areas and one is near hotel in Overtoom: the price is and it's really nice way see the city and much better than you are not interested in whores and drugs, this is really nice hotel for you far enough from red light dictrict. Instead there is short distance to REAL Amsterdam: Jordaan, De Pijp and many cultural sites.

Good choice in Tokyo I've stayed at the Park more than once and think it's an excellent choice - good rooms, location and value - and deserving of its Tripadvisor rating.Positives -Reception, restaurants and rooms have excellent views (starting on the 25th floor), and are also stylishly well equipped and furnished.Nice bar and restaurants.Really good value for Tokyo, in comparison with other hotels of a similar standard.Free use of internet etc.Negatives - Anyone who has been to Tokyo knows that the city is so expansive that there is no such thing as a perfect location. However - if you're going to be spending most of your time in Shinjuku/Shibuya this may not be the ideal choice.24 hour facilties - would be good to offer a lounge with 24 hour food etc - especially for business travellers.

Nice Hotel, good location Nice clean friendly hotel, very well located for the centre of Amsterdam. No problems with this hotel, come in on the train from the Airport just go right up the centre Street and keep on walking. No issues with the hotel and we stayed there over new year. by the way, new year in Amsterdam is excellent.

Great hotel Great hotel! We stayed there for 3 nights. It has an awesome location and its a 5 min walk to Las Ramblas. The double decker bus has a stop at the stop light. The cathedral is still under renovation. The morning breakfast is excellent. The best breakfast we had during our 3 week trip to Europe! Not much more to say that hasn't already been shared. If you are traveling by train from the airport, get off on Plaza Catalunya. Its about a 10 min walk. Just ask for the cathedral and you'll find your way.

Just fine Not sure of all these horrible reviews here.... Staff was super friendly, rooms are clean, bathroom worked great. Rooms are european sized and it's actually not that noisy (this is a city). A fine stay.

Good Value for Money I have lost count of the number of times I have visited Singapore - lets face it, if you like food, this is the place to be! I have to admit that when I choose a hotel in Singapore, I often let the price decide, because the quality of all of the hotels I have stayed in here has been excellent. I reserved a deluxe room at the Pan Pacific for two nights, paid around 290 Singapore dollars for the experience and have no complaints. I felt looked after from the moment I arrived ( which included an in-room check-in) until I left (a 30-second check-out). The room was comfortable, well-furnished. The position of the hotel itself is great if you want to be in the colonial district; there are several large shopping centres on the doorstep, loads of restaurants and food courts (don't overlook Singaporean foodcourts - they are really excellent and totally spotless). I got what I paid for ...and then some.

Singapore Hotels Just keep Getting Better Having spent the summer in Australia, I was due to fly directly back from Brisbane to Norway, but decided at the last minute to stop in Singapore. I have stayed in so many hotels in Singapore over the years that I have lost count! My last stay was at the Oriental and I was more than pleased. This time I booked last minute and there didn't seem to be too much available, but being a memeber of Priority Club, I decided to give the Intercontinental a go. WOW! Just as good as the Oriental, and for my liking, a fine location. The hotel is situated in Bugis, about 5 mintues walk from Raffles Hotel and major shopping centres. Orchard Road is 15 minutes walk in the opposite direction, and the Boat Quay (prepare to be slightly hassled by throwers-in)/ Robertson Quay (nearly finished, impressive, slightly more expensive) restaurant areas took me around 20 minutes to walk to. Singapore is renowned for being conducive to those who like eating and whichever direction you go from the hotel, there is a plethora of diverse eateries.The hotel itself was spick and span, the staff welcoming (I managed to book a room with one bed instead of two beds, but they changed my reservation on the spot within seconds), and the facilities great. The rooms are large (especially if you are used to European hotel rooms!), the furnishings seemed new, the bathrooms large with a good range of cosmetics and a deep soaker tub, and the rooms have flat screen TVs.I'm going back to Singapore in April 2007, and I feel that I am spoiled for choice as far as hotels are concerned, but the Intercontinental is definately worth the price you pay, and I will return!!

Good Location and Price for Sydney Sydney is not the cheapest place in the world to stay, especially if you want a property that a reasonably central and clean and comfortable. This hotel is 5 minutes walk from Darling Harbour - cross the road and go around the back of the bar on the other side and from there on it is pedestrians only. The hotel itself is midern, well-equipped and well-run. Clean and comfortable, offering all you need for a stay in the big city. Prices are low if you book in advance and represent good value. I would not hesitate to return.

The Problem with Singapore... ..OK, so it's one of those problems you might prefer to label a luxury problem - and that problem is, where to stay in Singapore if you really appreciate quality. Not because it is hard to find, but because there are so many 5 star hotels in this wonderful city that you may not know where to start. I've recently tried the Oriental and the Intercontinental and now this trip stayed at Raffles the Plaza - just to try something different, as I have no complaints at all about the aforementioned hotels.Raffles the Plaza lived up to all my expectations - and then some. The hotel is in the colonial district of town, leaving you 5 minutes walk to the marina area and 15 minutes to Orchard Road (although it is hot in Singapore and all that bag carrying on the way back from the shops may wear you out....and oh yes, you will be carrying bags because you won't be able to resist the choice and prices...). The rooms are calming; light brown walls, a liberal use of textiles as panelling keeping noise in the room to a minimum (and you won't hear a squeek from your neighbours). I was in the South Tower on the 11th floor; my room had a balcony, a flat-screen TV and a funky bathroom with huge showerhead and toiletries from the spa at the hotel. It goes without saying perhaps that the room was spotlessly clean. Most of Singapore is spottlessly clean. A dream for us clean freaks.The hotel also has a hospitality lounge where you can get a shower before your flight home. A nice touch, particularly when you are so lucky as I was to have a flight at 0100. Breakfast was served in the Stamford Hotel next door which is reached via an inside link. The selection at breakfast was enormous - local specialities, western favourites - you name it.So now I have a problem - and that problem is, which hotel should I stay in next time I go to Singapore. Raffles the Plaza is way up there - one of the big boys in town. I think that it is the price of the stay which will help me make my decision.

No Complaints at All I have stayed in Singapore on numerous occasions - never in the same hotel twice though, as the choice of great hotels in the city seems limitless. However, I would most certainly return to the Orientel given a chance, not only because of the excellent standard of accommodation, but also because of the area surrounding it; convenient yet much quieter than Orchard Road. The rooms are faultless and of a good size, the staff accommodating and welcoming.

OK for the price Good location within easy reach of all of Berlin's major sights. However this didn't compensate too much for the step back in time. I lived in Warsaw for a while in the early 1990's and was transported back to my younger days by the interior and smells of this hotel. There was something strange and somewhat surreal about the whole experience. The corridors smelled as if they hadn't been aired - a kind of musty / stagnant water smell. The wide corridors also reminded me of East European public buildings of a bygine era. Once into the room however, the smell and ambience disappeared. This is one of the more standard Holiday Inns I've stayed in, although for a price of 79 Euro in the centre of berlin, I suppose you get what you pay for. I got no recognition as a Platinum Card Holder - the hotel may well have been fully booked or something, but no explanation was forthcoming (I speak fluent German, so it wasn't due to language difficulties).On the plus side; the room was clean and functional. Nothing more, nothing less. No tea/coffee facilities (am I getting to demanding in my old age?), and a minimum amount of towels in the room (or was there just one towel - I forget) but there are plenty of cafes and restaurants in the area, mostly Turkish / Asian, but the ones I tried were good. The hotel is a 5-minute-walk from the train station at Gesundbrunnen from where you can access any part of Berlin. Would I recommend it? If you're looking for a fairly basic, but clean hotel, in what seemed like an OK area of town and can get a good rate, then go for it. If you're expecting anything unusual, extraordinary, spectacular or rememberable, then go elsewhere.

Enjoyed this Hotel Great location, OK service, room was on the Executive floor and quite good. Really can't complain about price as Boston is pretty pricey. I'd stay here again.

Yucky Decent lobby, but basically, a dump. Cigarette stains in the carpets. Dark and dingy. A claustrophobic feel. In need of a major overhaul. Also, didn't honor my request for a king-sized room and weren't very nice about double-checking or explaining why they had done this. Booked through the NFL for the Super Bowl, and I was a bit surprised the league, which does everything first-class, would use a place like this. Yuck.

Good place I'm never quite sure about trying a new hotel in the NYC area, but I must say, this was a very pleasant surprise.Nice staff. Great location. Roomy rooms that were clean. You don't always get that in New York no matter what you pay, but in this case, I got it all ... and it didn't break the bank. I'd definitely return.

Good hotel, but it's in Fisherman's Wharf Unlike most of the hotels on North Point, the Hyatt retains some character from the original buildilngs. I found the staff to be very friendly and helpful, although I noticed one party leaving the walk-in restaurant after about five minutes and not being served. I was eating in there at the time and my experience was fine. Our room was a little larger than average and the outside wall was completely windowed (looking on to the pool area). The furnishings were modern and mostly shades of dark brown. Despite having a large flat screen TV, the picture quality was terrible. The hotel seems to have been recently refurbished, but the bathroom and light fixings looked as if they'd seen better days. The shower looked modern, with the water coming from a nozzle in the ceiling, but wasn't that fantastic in practice. The bed was huge, but the mattress could probably do with being replaced. On the plus side the room was quiet, clean and well furnished, the coffee machine was a boon and being by the pool area was very convenient. I guess it's par for the course to charge for everything in the room in that sort of area, including internet and bottled water, but there are guest laundry facilities (if you're so inclined). This was my first time to SF, and on reflection would not recommend Fisherman's Wharf to friends thinking of staying in the city - it's tacky, very touristy and disappointing. I intend to go back to the city and stay at the Embarcadero Hyatt on Market - a more interesting part of town and far easier to reach from SFO on the BART.

Great hotel Unusual private hotel.Off the main drag but a short walk to most places.As mentioned by others the stairs are steep and the breakfasts could see you through the day.

This is best of the best !!! I just could not pass this up. The rates where super,and my complete stay was a joy. I know for a fact we will be back...

Great Hotel This hotel was a great stay. Rooms were nice and clean.24 hr buffet was the best, good money saver. Staff was all friendly and multi-lingual. Definately would stay again.

Small and Intimate. Great Location! We stayed at Hotel Milano the day prior to our cruise. The definite pluses were the location and the friendliness of the staff. At check out time, they would store your bags which gave us time to tour the town without worrying about what to do with our bags. Even at the end of our stay, the manager loaded our luggage onto the cab for us. The rooms were definitely small and vary amongst other rooms. We ended up with a corner room which was significantly smaller but the same price as the other larger rooms our friends had. I was able to note this to management and they gave me a reduction in the price. In addition, do ask for a room in the middle of the hotel and not an outside room. It was very noisy during the middle of the night with all the bars close by. Overall for a one night stay it was very nice because everything was within walking distance. The only area that wasn't close by were the casinos which you would need to take a short cab ride to.

Gorgeous views, but not everything its cracked up to be We booked the hotel based entirely on Tripadvisor reviews, and one recommendation from a friend who stayed there 2 years ago.We stayed for 4 nights from March 1st. We arrived at midday and were checked straight into our room, and having been up since 3am in the UK to fly over we decided to have an hours nap before heading out into the city. This was impossible - our room was directly outside the main lift and we were woken by the lift whining and a maid came into our room. The final straw was some very noisy people holding a conversation outside our door while waiting for a lift. The decor in the room was very shabby - we were given the impression that a facelift was long overdue.To the hotels credit they moved us immediately, and gave us a room on the 40th floor, room 4032. The views of New York from here were incredible, both at sunrise and during the evenings. The decor was less tired than the first room too. Both rooms were very spacious, and the beds were very comfortable. We didn't have any problems with the room temperature as mentioned in previous reviews.Our tower had 3 lifts, though only one was working throughout our stay leading to some quite long waits - about 5 minutes on averageWe didn't eat breakfast in the hotel, choosing to walk to the end of the block to eat in the excellent Johns Cafe. The service here was fast, friendly and helpful - the waitresses were happy to give tips on sights to see and the cheapest ways to get round the city.The hotel staff were very friendly, and couldn't do enough to help. We'd highly recommend a trip to the reflexology section of the fitness club - Rose is a star and really knows how to relieve tired feet that have been walking the streets of NYC!One last word of warning - we didn't have a guest pack in our room so were unaware of the cost of phone calls. As I'd forgotten my mobile we made two 5 min calls back to the UK and would have been charged $60 for this had I not complained.Summary - great views, friendly staff, adequate but not spectacular rooms. Probably about the right value for the price we paid - $229 a night booked on the internet, which was $70 cheaper than I was quoted by the reservations team on the phone...

Go Go vacations-terrible experience Go Go Vacations, Bavaro Princess Hotel, Punta Cana, Dominican Republic Trip Dates: July 02, 2007 thru July 11, 2007This letter was an official complaint sent to GoGo Vacations and Hotel: for deplorable and unacceptable condition of trip accommodations provided by Go Go Vacations, Bavaro Princess Hotel.We paid for first class accommodations in your hotel and received:1) At our arrival room was not ready.2) When we got the room it had only one bed (all accommodations noted 4 people).3) We did not get room serviced until day 3!4) Hotel smelled like sewer (so strong that it caused head aches and nausea). (later learned there was problems with water lines)5) We got poisoned by hotel food on 6 (six!) occasions.6) On July 7, 8, 9 3 days!) we did not have hot water !!!7) Shower in our room had not enough pressure to operate, during our stay.8) We requested remote control for TV on two occasions and did not get it at all.9) We requested safe key and did not get it at all.10) The service at main restaurant (next to lobby) was non-existent: we had to ask for water or drinks for at least 3 times (and there is no self service allowed!!!) and on one occasion had to wait for 45 minutes to get water (in 95degree weather!!! with kids at the table), plates where cleaned up very sporadically and it was very obvious that priority was given to Spanish-speaking guests over English-speaking gests all the time!!! On numerous occasions there was not enough forks and teaspoons during lunch hours11) The Auto-train running on premises had no room for guests about 20% of the time and except for one had no room for strollers, making it effective waiting time close to 20-30 minutes.12) On departure from hotel Puerto Tours bus was scheduled to pick us up to the airport at 8:30 AM and after multiple calls finally arrived to the hotel at 9:25AM causing us quite a fear of missing the plane (flight scheduled at 11:25 and route to hotel about 30 minutes), by the time we entered airport our plane was finishing boarding.We requested full refund and after 2 month of arguments we were refunded 2 days' cost, and offered $100 credit by GoGo if booked thru themPlease note there are so many great hotels in Punta Cana, this one should be avoided at any costs (it took us 3 weeks just to recuperate and endless comunications with GoGo to get this resolved, to their satisfaction)

Great place to stay while exploring NYC My wife and I spent our first visit to NYC at the Residence Inn Times Square. Great place to stay while exploring NYC. Easy to get anywhere in Manhattan from there. Breakfast was OK, but they kept running out of food, and what there was had a definite freeze-dried quality. Other than the breakfast, the place was great, well maintained secure. I'd definitely stay there again, but eat out for breakfast.

Great Service, Value, Location, Great Hotel My fiance and I stayed there one night over the weekend. We have nothing but praise for the hotel. The employees go out of their way to help their guests. We got in at about 11 am and asked if we could have them store our bags until the 4 pm check in time. Instead, they let us check in early. We put our bags in our room (14th floor) and we went spent the rest of the day Christmas shopping and playing tourist. The concierge was very helpful when it came time to recommeding restaraunts.The hotel's location is great. As my fiance put it, we could have paid at least $200 more in a hotel right on Times Square, or stayed here and put that money towards a show; which we did. The hotel is only about a 5 minute walk from Times Square. There is also a subway station about two blocks away from the hotel. During the Christmas season, it is easier to get around Manhattan by subway than it is by taxi. The room was clean and modern. It had a refrigerator, microwave, coffee maker and two tvs. The closets could have been a little bigger and we could see where someone might have a problem storing clothes if they were staying there for an extended period of time.The elevators were a little slow, as some of the other reviews have mentioned. One trick is to go to the east or west end of the main corridor and use those elevators.For breakfast we walked around the corner and grabbed some bagels from the local deli. There are a lot of restaraunts in the blocks around the hotel,(including the omnipresent Starbucks) One thing that we did hear were sirens from fire trucks, ambluances, police cars, etc. The hotel is situated between two major north south streets in New York. What makes the location convienent for the guests also makes it covienient for the Emergency Services to travel from one part of the city to another, especially with a fire station nearby. However we did not hear any sirens after midnight.Would we stay here again, definitely. As we were leaving, one of the bellmen wished us a Merry Christmas and said that he hoped that he would see us next year. We told him we could not wait to come back.

Lovely Hotel Comfortable Room

Great hotel We stayed the first night on Hilton points for a one-bedroom suite, but were pleasantly suprised to be upgraded to the 2 bedroom suite. The following 4 paid nights had been booked for a one bedroom but the hotel kindly let us stay in the 2 bedroom suite. Nice touch. Very nice breakfast spread each morning and Mon-Thurs they put on a light meal/beverage( wine beer) service. We found it to be very satisfactory for our evening meal. Even though it was close to Miami airport, we barely noticed any noise. The adjacent Dolphin Expressway takes you right out to Miami Beach, but we found it somewhat congested one afternoon rush hour coming back to the hotel.Excellent, well-managed property- I'd certainly stay there again.

Superb hotel - great price Based on Trip advisor reviews, I booked my group of 10 people in this hotel. The rooms and service were exceptional. The web site offered suites at HK $2,000 dbl. including a huge breakfast and a club room stocked with wine and food and goodies.The regular rooms at $1,570 dbl. were outstanding.Subway entrance located within the complex - 3 stops, and about 7 minutes to the waterfront, and continues to hk island central.Can't imagine that there's a better price - performer in HK !

good stay here, friendly staff stayed here in january 05 for 3 nights and 1 night additional. nice hotel, but with a mystery smell inside. not bad, but for a german guy, a little bit smelly ;), like the whole city. room was clean, beds are ok. one thing: ask for a room with window to the outside! had my window to the inside, what means, that looking down on the bar and the lounge. with window open, you will often hear the ping from the elevator. but that is no problem, after one night you even seem to hear that sound anymore (thanks brain ;) )stayed here at start and end of my mexico trip. if i would visit d.f. one more time, this will be my hotel. if your are looking for a payable tour (sightseeing and interesting locations), ask the guys in front of the hotel or the ones on zocalo (our drivers name was alex), they will give you a good overview to the city and other things like the pyramids for about 600 pesos.

real great hotel spent one night here and was absolutly happy with everything. real great hotel with friendly staff, nice rooms and a great scenery with all that movie stuff.

Great Hotel Room With A View

Nearly perfect I visit NYC quite often, and have stayed in several different hotels. This Hampton Inn is up there with the best. It's simple, but the rooms are clean, relatively spacious, and quite comfortable. The free wireless internet worked like a charm, and the free breakfast was quite good. The only minor complaint? A group of women staying in the room next door sometimes got a bit loud, and it sounded at times as though they were in our room. I think the walls are a bit thin, but generally, our room was very quiet, especially for a hotel in Times Square. I'd return in a heartbeat.

A lovely hotel This is a very nice hotel, and the service is remarkable. The staff will do almost anything to make sure your stay is pleasant. The hotel is in a real neighborhood, with plenty of shops and restaurants frequented by locals, with the Metro and RER trains only about 5 minutes away. Rooms are a bit small, but are quite comfortable, and are decorated nicely, and ours had a balcony. I would stay here again in a heartbeat.

Disappointing The rooms are indeed spacious. However, the furniture and carpets are worn and dirty. The chair had a gash in it and what appeared to be blood stains. I'm not sure what the basis is for all the praise from other reviewers. Definitely mediocre at best.

The best views in the Bay Area. We stayed here because of the height of the hotel and the views we would get. The hotel is on a busy street and as it is in the top half a skyscraper it doesn't have a pulling in area to unload, but the vallet was helpfull and took our car for parking. Check in was easy and the lobby was nice, but not spectacular. The suite was lovely. A seating area, a double bed, plasma screen, large bathroom with tub and shower. Three huge windows with views from the Golden Gate to the Bay. They brought us free tea to drink in the suite on arrival. The concieage reccomened the best eating areas for dinner and provided us with a free Mercedes S Class limo to ferry us around town. He dropped us off at the restaurant and picked us up later. Nice touch. The next morning the conciage suggested a nice place to get Sunday Brunch, and it was great. Very helpfull people. When we checked out after a two night stay we left our un stamped post cards in the room. I called the hotel and they put stamps on an mailed them Free. I thought this was a nice gesture. Overall San Fran has many nice hotels, but I can't think of a simple one that is both Five Star and has these views. It is expensive, but deals are to be had. Or you could book a standard room and ask for a free upgrade, maybe slip the front desk staff a $20 bill, and see what happens. Usually works for us.

A good hotel but no wow factor. Was in Amsterdam for one night with friends. The Marriott had the best price on expedia for a 'five' star. I would classify it four star. Located in central Amsterdam we found the hotel easily, although the lack of a porte coche with a valet was confusing. Eventually somebody took our car from us and we were able to check in. The lobby was small and had no large centre attraction that I like in a hotel. The staff were friendly. The corridors upstairs were confusing and of okay decor. The room was nice, no view but two large beds and a small but clean and elegant bathroom. The TV was pay per view only. Rip off. The concieage was helpfull. I got the impression they get alot of trouble at the hotel. Not long after checking in a man knocked at the door asking if we were using drugs, as the stench of weed on the landing was massive. We were not, but I did think 'when in Rome!'. Also you need a room key to get in the elevator, probably to stop the outcall business that is so popular in this city. We didn't eat in the hotel as the American Hotel over the road had a spectacular dining room, that was much nicer than the Marriot. As it was Xmas it was decorated and felt very festive. As good a place as any to stay, so long as the price is right. From what I saw of the American Hotel I would try and stay there next time.

Great but Not for Everyone My wife and I had a wonderful 8 night stay at the Hotel Amrey Diagonal. This was our second trip to Barcelona, which we feel is a city that has it all! The hotel is located in a rapidly gentrifying area in the shadow on the Torre Agbar, one of Barcelona new premier buildings (which, unfortunatley, one can not tour). While other equivalent hotels near the center of town were charging around $250, we paid $ 140 a night (weekends were higher and weekdays lower. So this is a blended rate). We booked the hotel through the web site, Venere, which does not require a prepayment--so you can see what you get before you have to pay.The Ambrey Diagonal is four metro stops from Placa Cataluyna. It also is serviced by the No. 7 Bus( which takes you to the center of town as well as where one gets the train to the ariport) and the No.4 tram ( which takes you near the very interesting water front. ) None of these rides is longer than 20 minutes.The rooms are rather large by European standards, well appointed, and modern. The hotel was build in 2002. The 01 and 10 banks are slightly larger than the other rooms. If one is above the 8th floor, there is a nice view of the foot hills of Barcelona and the Foster communications tower.One of the very nice aspects of the hotel's location is the the Rambla Poblenou,the street immediately to the left of the hotel as you exist the hotel. You get a interesting sense of a real neighborhood here--unlike the hordes of tourist on the Rambla in town. Here one actually hears Cataluyan spoken rather than English, German or French! There also are several servicable restaurants on this street. We like Xorus where we ate several evenings.Another advantage of the locations is that it is within 15 minutes walk to a wonderful beach at the bottom of the Rambla Poblenou. There is a great walk from the beach toward town--which will take about 3/4 of an hour all along the sea front. The hotel also is very close to the Musical Museum--a new museum housed next to the National Theatre and well worth seeing. Near the Glories metro stop, there also is one of barcelona's largest flea market--which is open several days a week.The staff at the Amrey Diagonal were friendly, reasonably proficient in English, willing to be helpful in giving directions as well as being willing to call restaurants to reserve dinner reservations.The one down side is that if you plan to spend a lot of time around the center of town, going back and forth more than once a day can be a bit trying. However, given all the other benefits of the area and the price, we felt the trade off was worth it.

Wonderful Time Pat and Joe May 14/2008 Stayed at hotel Edenh Real Arenas Punta Cuna from May 3/08 to May 10/08 along with another couple (green bracelets) Beautiful Resort had a wonderful time food was very good had no problems with reservations got right in every night at 6:00 no waiting and we tried every one enjoyed the buffet good selection of food we even ate Dinner there one night and totally enjoyed it the staff were very freindly some days seemed to be busier than others at the bars but there wasn't any time that we had to wait very long for drinks as there always seemed to be lots of bartenders working and they would wait on people in turn there were a few people who were very agressive towards the staff as they thought they should be looked after right away instead of waiting there turn to be served these type of people should have stayed home and got there personal maid or butler to look after them if they had one it is a vacation so lighten up people enjoy don't take it out on other people We went to the beach every day and had no problems finding chairs and a papappi some days it wasn't right up front but we still enjoyed it We found the Gift shop a little pricey (exspecially on beer and cigars) One afternoon they had a Rum and Cigar tasting presentation and demostration down by the beach which we partisipated in we found this very informative and the rum tasting was very good we bought some cigars there which were wonderful and mild they were recommended by the vendor and the price was reasonable they also did a cigar rolling presentation as i don't actually smoke anymore but i do enjoy a good cigar once in awhile any way we would reccomend this resort to anyone and we would return again and it will only get better as they work out all the little things we had a ground floor room and yes there were Mosquitos but we had come prepared after reading some of the reveiws and a couple of shots of raid before leaving the room in the evening fixed the problem and yes we have stayed at other 5 star resorts in Punta cana and have something to compare it to

good value! nice hotel right around the corner from the train station. if you're traveling by train, this hotel is very convenient! the rooms are very large by european standards, and the free breakfast was great including cappacino! this hotel is within walking distance from almost all attractions, and also had free interenet in the lobby. porta faenza is a great value in a very cool city.

What, no elevator?! Once you have reached Reception - carrying your bags up two long flights of stone stairs, though there is a small goods elevator if you press the parking valet - your view of the place improves dramatically. The staff are professional and friendly and the atmosphere is very relaxed. Rooms are stylish, large and comfortable.BUT what was that thundering noise at 5 a.m.?! For several seconds a building-shaking vibration rattled the solid walls (it happened to a lesser extent the second morning too - though not till around 6.........). Reception staff looked puzzled when asked about it, and professed lack of authority to discount our room charge on 7 a.m. check-out: 'I need to talk to my boss about that.....'. We're still awaiting the decision six weeks later!The Restuarant - clearly a cool destination, with prices at the high end - was good and the service attentive. Entrance to the building caters more obviously for the dining clientele than those sleeping at the hotel - but a good location, if they can just stop that infernal noise!

It could not have been better! We chose Davanzati because of its #1 slot on Trip Advisor - and how well-deserved it is! Everything was perfect and we could not have been more delighted. Location excellent; Tommaso's welcome, and ready assistance with everything that we asked about, totally splendid; room and facilities, 5*. Why would you want to stay anywhere else in this wonderful city??

Great Location I spent 1 week at this hotel with my family, 2kids and a wife, for the sightseeing of Tokyo. We are at the 30th floor which has a great view of Tokyo especially at night! The location is really great as it is located in the huge shopping mole building close to Ikebukuro station. The 24 hours shop is at the ground floor and in front of this hotel there is a big super market which also open 24hours.There are lots of restaurants in this building, lots of souvenir shops as well. All the staff is very polite and kind and we really enjoyed staying at this hotel. Oh, another important point is that this hotel has a direct shuttle bus from Narita Airport so we didn't suffer from the heavy and big souvenirs as check in to Hotel and the Airport Lounge is door to door. I definitely stay at this hotel for the next visit to Tokyo.

Excellent Hotel, well situated. I stayed for 4 nights in this hotel and can't recommend it highly enough. It is situated within a short walk of Zoo Bahnhof, near shopping and dining areas. The room was very spacious, comfortable and quiet. I found the duvet too heavy (being used to colder climates) and when I asked for a lighter one it was produced immediately. The service was friendly as well as efficient and a huge plus for the hotel is its Michelin Star restaurant, 44, where I had both lunch and dinner and is a place that should not be missed. Overall, a great experience.

City Centre Luxury Central, very well equipped affordable deluxe studio with kitchen. Staff, facilities, welcome all exemplary. Continental breakfast provided in the room. All superb in a city centre hotel.

Highly Recommended! Great location, very responsive staff and the price is right! The room was not huge, (although we did have a walk-in closet) but it was very nice, with a great view of the sunrise. We've already booked a return stay in October.

We loved the Majestic I spend one week for my honeymoon at the majestic and it was incredible. My wife and I got married in Dec 15, 2007 and flew to Punta cana the 16th. When the shuttle we had schedule took us there we had to see different hotels of the people we were letting off and let me tell you just the receiving in the majestic is different. They have a cold towel waiting for you, they have a fruit punch or something so you feel welcome. If you have a Premium room, you make the check in in a special place of the lobby, if not the line that bad.We stayed at the Colonial Suite (I think the name) and it was awesome. We had a huge living room with tv, sofa, loveseat, a small table, fridge and it was really nice for romantic nights out of the actual master room. From there we had to sliding doors, one to the private, Jacuzzi roof top balcony, and another for the double size traditional balcony. This balcony also connect to the master room. Obviously, it had a King bed, but we had a whirlpool for two waiting with roses an bubbles on it, plus a champagne bottle. The bathroom was incredible too.The food the best I have had in my life but it was a lot, and different variety so you can choose. The pool was amazing, it was so big, we never felt claustrophobic feelings.The only problem occurred because one day they decided to replace some furniture in the room, and we had to stay out of the room for a couple of hours. After a while I thought it was to much time, so I went to the front desk and in half an hour they were out of our room. But to our surprise there were fruits and Champagne waiting for us in the room. The other weird thing is there is no way of locking employees out of the room. There is no old time lock that can only be opened from the inside. So if you are doing something private in your room of in the private balcony I will suggest that you hang a sign in the door or at least close the door between the living room and were you are.They have an animation team that was pretty cool, but we were more in a romantic mood. So every night they have live music outside with bands of jazz, merengue, oldies, and others. We appreciate this a lot because we could dance romantically. My last comment, if you want to have fun and be in a party hotel, this is not the one for you. But if you want a romantic getaway this one is perfect. We are going back for the first anniversary in December.

Great Beach but.......awful resort Well, to say I was dissapointed would be a drastic understatement. Please, please, please read this review and then decide if you want to spend your hard earned money, a week of vacation time which you look forward too and realise that you cant get back that time or money.First lets put my review into perspective. I'm ex-military, and used to roughing it. I've stayed in hotels in Eastern and Central Europe. I've been to Hawii, Bahamas (x2), Croatia, Hungary, Greece, Bulgaria, Malta, France, Germany and countless other places. I consider myself easy going, and extremely easy to please. Give me some sun, some sand and a decent nights sleep and I'm happy. But this resort is EASILY the worst place I have ever stayed in. Yes the beach is nice, and yes the pool is nice (a little dirty, but still nice). But please read on...1. Our Room. We checked into a bottom floor room (Room 2107) late at night after a long flight. Immediatly we were overwhelmed by a horrible moldy rotten smell. i do realise that we are in the tropics and we could be subject to damp smells due to high humidity etc, but our room was just plain filthy. The phone didint work, so we couldnt phone out to our travel agent. The phone smelt of dirty BO on the receiver. The bathroom caulking around the tub, and toilet, was black with mold. The sheets smelled as if they hadnt been changed in weeks. (Pillows had that dirty hair smell). Mold around the walls, cracked ceiling, dirty fixtures, tub faucet hanging off the wall. Other problems to numerous to mention.I went straight away to change our room and after lining up at the front desk was told not possible (Bear in mind we had booked the new SUNQUEST SELECT section which we had been told was open, but wasnt). come back in morning. So sure enough i went back in the morning and waited and waited for help on another room. when I talked to the supervisor, i had a smile on my face and an agreeable attitiude, as I felt that rudeness wouldnt get me anywhere. His answer.. Not possible, come back in the evening So back again i went in the evening, only to be put off again. That night my wife was sick with the mold, my 6 year old couldnt sleep, and still our phone hadnt been replaced. the next morning after a very firm talk with the supervisor, he threw a key to a new room at me and turned and walked away. The new room was on the second floor and a little better. Here we stayed for the rest of the trip. 2. FOOD. There are 2 buffets. one is in the main area by the beach, and 1 is in the new select area. The one in the main area, reminded me of the Vegas Vacation buffet ( give me some more of the yeller) the other one was much better. and served all kinds of not bad food. But since they rinse the veg and fruit with the same water that you cant drink, you do spend more time on the toilet than you normally do. The al acartes. Book as soon as you can (first day there) or they will be booked up. They ranged from terrible (the grill) which took over 2 hours to get served, to good. (The Dominican, La Tiana). The waiters seem to forget what you were drinking, so you end up getting your drinks yourself. (Often we would order 2 cokes and a beer, and the waiter would come back after being gone for 1/2 hour with one beer. So if you made the mistake of repeating your order to him, then you may end up not having anything to drink at all.The snack place at the beach served the same burgers etc all day3. BEACH and POOL The Beach and Pool are both very nice. And if you get up at 6 and reserve a nice spot under an umbrella, it makes for a great day. OVERALL. The clientle seemed to be mainly French from France and some from Quebec. I meet some really great people from Montreal, but other young guys from Quebec in our cell block seemed intent on yelling and screaming obsenities at the top of their lungs every night at 3. Management didnt do anything until physical violence was threatend by some hotel guests. The service ranged from very nice in some of the restuarants, and in the swim up bar at the club, to absolutly awful at the front desk, and in the little gift shop. At the front desk, they were rude, ill mannered and not helpful at all. They tried to charge me an extra $20.00 for using the phone (for connection charges). I say tried, because I pointed out to them that the words NO CONNECTION CHARGES were printed very clearly on all the phones.When we went to check out, they had recieved a fax from our airline at 06:35 that morning, notifying us of a delay of our flight by about 12 hours. They didnt tell us about that until 8 that night. so we were stuck in the lobby from 1:00 pm after room check out until after 8 that evening. It wasnt until one of our group complained bitterly to the staff, that they got 2 rooms for about 18 people to share so that the kids could get some sleep. Bottom line...Take heed of what you read about this resort. I read all the reviews, but had the opinion that reviews are very subjective and varied as the people writing them, so I thought I would be safe in the new area. Please believe me when I say that all the bad reviews written about this resort are very accurate, and you could end up throwing away your money and time.

Roomy, Comfortable We stayed there 4 nights. Lovely big room for Japan the breakfast is superb, both Western Japanese food. Room rate was only 15,015 yen incl all taxes charges but excluding breakfast. It is a very good area for restaurants access to other areas via metro is good also.

Lovely Beach, Lousy Food My family and I (4 of us) went to the Riu Palace Punta Cana the week of May 13 - 20. Overall I can say we had a good time at this resort, but if we were to compare it to other resorts we have stayed at either in Mexico and Domincan Republic, this resort would be in the bottom.Check-in - Went by really quick. We had an early flight and they actually gave us our rooms early. It was very organized unlike other resorts we have previously stayed at and before you knew it, we were in our room after a long day of traveling. Pool - It was very tiny and crowded at times, especially around the pool bar area. Although, they did have nice little jacuzzi sections that you were able to go to and relax at. There were plenty of lounge chairs spread across the pool area, but you have to get there early to get a shaded spot.Beach - The beach was lovely. Gold sand and crystal blue water. The waves were good and everything about the beach I loved. I always found somewhere to lay at (most of the time being in the sun). Weather - Amazing! I guess it was a great time of year to go. It only rained twice and that was at night time. I got a bunch of sun and when I came back, I was very tan.Grounds - The resort was beautiful. It was luxurious and felt very ritzy when you first enter the palace'. If you go they're, you will know what I am talking about. The grounds were kept clean at all times.Rooms - Very cozy. I didn't like the fact that they had a firm beds, but got used to it. They have a liquor dispenser and mini bar in the room that they keep stocked if you want to have a few drinks when you go out or get back from a busy day. The maid kept our rooms nice and clean; overall she did an amazing job cleaning up the rooms and there was no complaints.Entertainment/Nightlife - Terrible! The only good show was a Michael Jackson show they had and that is probably because the person that was impersonating Michael Jackson didn't work full-time at the resort. There was a lady entertainer named America they had (part of the entertainment staff) that had absolutely no clue what she was doing the whole entire time. When they would dance up on stage, she didn't even know what to do. The only good part about the entertainment were the icebreaker/audience participation shows they had. The dance club they had there was not that fun (spent five minutes there). Casino - Not that much fun, very small. It felt like they stole all of my money each time I played and I only played on slot machines.Drinks - Very good. I would reccomend a Bahama Mama; very tasty. If there is not enough liquor in your drink, I would reccomend just asking the bartender for more.Food - Terrible, terrible, terrible. Same selection at the buffet each night i t seemed like. The Italian Restaurant was just beyond disgusting and the service was horrific. The steak house was pretty good; had a good ribeye there as well as the brazilian restaurant. ---- I would recommend those two restaurants. We tried several times to eat at the Gourmet restaurant, but each time we tried to get a reservation, they only had 9 PM available. Who eats at 9 PM? The food made some of my family members sick, I on the other hand was fine the whole time (thank God). Sports bar - About the only nightlife they have at this particular resort. There are some slot machines in there and the staff is very polite. Orlando (the bartender at night) was awesome. He knew what my brother and I wanted everytime we sat at the bar and did a great job. It is open 24 hours, so if you want a late night snack, they have hotdogs, nachos and cheese, etc. for you to eat.Overall, I did have a decent time at this resort. I don't think I will go back to it, but it was nice to just get away and relax. I just wish the food and entertainment could of been a bit better. Hope I helped out in some way to some of you and if you go to this resort, I hope you have a great time.

Decent hotel, good location I booked this hotel through asiarooms.com. Got a good deal for 5 star hotel including breakfast,although found out gym/steam room was not included in price. It's something that i did not expect and was disappointed with.The hotel is the 3rd tallest hotel in the Word so i was told and has a good reputation. It is an old hotel and rooms are fine, nothing special. Swimming pool area is excellent and worth a visit.The location of this hotel is excellent with MTR a minute walk away. Excellent shopping mall joins onto this hotel.Top floor(71st/72nd floor) has a club and restaurant.The view is really good.Breakfast buffet is very good.Singapore is a great place to visit especially Night Safari,Sentosa Island,Zoo and for shopping. We stayed only 2.5 days and felt 4-5 days would have been better.

Great Hotel Excellent hotel by the water, good service and room of good size and standard.Gym is exellent. The view you have from the top floor whilst you jog is really nice. Steam room and sauna are worth a visit and if weather is nice try the pool outside with again great views.Locationwise it may not appeal to everyone as it is not in the main Kowloon but it did not cause me a problem as there is a free shuttle bus going from hotel to main Kowloon and back every half hour. If you want to go to Hong Kong Island you can talk the ferry which is 5 mins walk away.The area in which the hotel lies has shopping malls within 5 mins walk. I would recommend this hotel as it is very modern and clean. Don't let the location put you off and remember taxi's are very cheap here too.

Not horrible for downtown Miami I made a short stay at the RPHS in early Dec. Almost didn't given the many neg reviews. However, they also put the place into perspective and lowered any expectations. The place is basic, though in quite a good location. Forget what they refer to as the complimentary breakfast as it is weak coffee in a paper cup and a dried out sweet roll. The rooms are aged, though seemingly clean and the TV and a/c worked fine. Previous comments re reception staff are generally correct (they aren't much help at all), apart rom the night manager (on the desk after midnight), who was useful. Given the price (ie if well under USD 100/nite) then it's not a bad option for a sleep and short d'town Miami visit.

Clean and Comfortable We stayed at the Hampton Inn Seattle Downtown location for two nights following the Paul McCartney concert. The hotel itself was quiet nice as it is relatively new. The lobbby area is nice offering complementary coffee/ juice and cookies. The staff were exceptionally friendly and very cheerfull. The room was average but very clean with new furniture. A iron and board/ hairdryer and coffee making facilities were included in the room as well. One good thing I noticed was that each floor had its own laundry facilities. The main drawback was its location. It was great for walking to the Key areana and Seattle Centre which is where the Space Needle is but if you wanted to go shopping downtown or find a decent place to eat you had to drive a long ways. The hotel is not really in the downtown area. It is still at least a 15 minute drive to Pioneer Square and to shopping in the downtown retail district. The hotel is almost like its located in a residential type area. The free continental breakfast was excellent and really looked forward to it every morning. I would reccommend this property to anyone who is visiting the city to see a concert at the Key Arena as it is only a 5 minute walk there. For those planning to shop downtown and enjoy the nightlife I would reccommend you stay closer to the downtown city centre.

Stylish and Modern Room view from 14th floor

medium we just walked in for 2 nights stay. the stuff was friendly, efficient and cooperative. nice place, quite basic though. we paid $270 per night, including taxes and valet parking. for this price we expected a little bit more. i would come again but for lower price.

Enjoyed our stay there Stayed for 4 nights. We had to take 2 rooms since they didn't have a vacant family room. The rooms are plesant and clean, quite small though. The stuff was friendly and helpful - could tell us everything we needed about public transportation, opening hours etc'. The breakfast free buffet was really excellent - reach and tasty, with a variety of food and beverages.Unlike in the States, in Europe they charge for internet access (13 Euro per day) which is pretty annoying. Also, in the bath room there are soap / shampoo (together!) dispensers, instead of regular packs. I didn't like it, but it is really negligible.The location is very good, in walking distance to shopping area, restorants and bars. There are subway stations near by, and major bus lines as well. We paid aprox. 100 Euro per night per room (for two).

Wonderful hotel for not only quality and location, but price I stayed here, under name alone two years ago, since then they moved next door and are just as good. I came here for an automotive event I worked on Hollywood Blvd which was hdqrtd at the nearby Rossevelt. This is the best hotel I have found which is equally within easy walking distance of the Hollywood Bowl, and the Hlooywood Blvd Strip (Grauman's Chinese Theatre, Hollywood/Highland complex including the Kodak Theatre, Jimmy Kimmel, etc...) After arriving I had a room with two queen beds, cheaper than a single king, and after asking if I was there alone, they instantly upgraded me to a king room on an upper floor. While they don't have a restaurant, they do offer a complimentary full breakfast each morning. For other meals there is every type of eatery either across the street or down the block. They also offer a refrigerator for anything you bring with you or bring back. There are all of the ammenities you would expect from this level. They offer free internet, printing, a pool, and exercise room. While some of these have a listed closing time they seemed to go much later. It is not a 'party' hotel, mainly tourists so even later in the night it does not get wild and noisy. Very friendly front desk guy who worked afternoons when I was there, we talked a bit and I even ran into him on the street a couple times as we both were coming or going. There is a small 'convienence' store for items you might want.

Great Hollywood location - won't bust your wallet I don't have a car and live here in LA. From the Red Line Metro stop at Hollywood Highland it's a brief couple of minutes walk up Highland. A nice indoor hotel with on-site pool and restaurant. Almost next door up Highland is the Hollywood Bowl and down Highland is the heart of Hollywood (Hollywood Highland complex including the Kodak Theatre), Chinese Theatre, Jimmy Kimmel studio, El Capitan Theatre, the historic Roosevelt Hotel, the Knitting Factory, etc... A few blocks further is the Cinerama Dome, Pantages, Egyptian, Musso Frank's Grill and much much more. This is my favorite place to stay when I am in this area. (There is also a Best Western right next door and a Comfort Suits directly across the street). If I had the money the Roosevelt or the Radisson, part of the Hllywd/Hghlnd complex would be great, but I'm here to see or attend an event, not relish on the hotel. While there is some constant noise on Highland Ave it never has distracted me. On-site pool and restaurant, however there is a myriad of eating options from fast to fine all over within a couple minutes walk.

Very Grand and special I live in LA without a car. I looked for a hotel near the Metro station and Art Museum I was attending within walking distance. This place was a gem. Three blocks from the Metro station and two blocks from the Japanese American National Museum, right in the heart of LA's Little Tokyo. Formerly the New Otani Hotel, (It still has an Asian/Japanese theme) they have about a 20 story tower complete with everything you need. A lobby bar which also serves food, the weekend bartender Roberto G. makes the best mojito you could ever have and also is so personable he shold have a tv show.. Also a lobby level restaurant (Azealia) for mainly american food. A couple floors up are the main eateries, a fine food venue with a sushi and shashimi area, a place with a lot of beef and asian inspired influences and a mainly nighttime bar with every drink you want, including every type of sake, as well as food items. Hours vary depending on the day but there's always something, including room service if it's that late. Plus you're in the heart of little Tokyo. Yeah it might not feel great at 10 or 11 at night but it's safe! And there's a ton of other places to eat as well as the in-house Starbuck's, but they close early.For the hotel itself, easy and quick check-in and out, very competent staff, I never had a problem go unanswered. The room, I had a basic room, was everything you could expect, windows that open, variable A/C, bathroom toiletries, the tv even includes a few HBO channels.My favorite feature was the authentic Japanese Garden, located on a terrace on the third floor, it is a several acre oasis garden of foliage, streams and a waterfall. In one corner there is a full bar and grill where you can walk-up or order food to your table. Grilled ribs and a cool drink while admiring the LA skyline in the middle of a Japanese Garden, how cool!The hotel's staff was always there, not only for security but to make sure you had no problems. I never had one.

Excellence Punta Cana was amazing! The Excellence was my first trip out of the country and I had an amazing time. I traveled with my Girlfriend and it was also her first time out of the country. Everyone was so nice and treated us like royalty, even in the airport. Some people have horror stories about the airport but not me. We only stayed from Monday - Friday and wish we would have stayed longerThe bus ride to the Excellence was a LONG ride but it was interesting to see everything around the area and how much it looks like some of the locals struggle. They are creating a Freeway to all the resorts so it will be much easier to get to each resort shortly. Once we got to the Hotel we were treated like we were at home in our own mansion. We met a couple on the plane which we hung out with a lot and they had nothing but good things to say also.I am a very very picky eater so I wasn't too into any of the food except the Grill, the steak at the grill was awesome. The room service was also great, especially the french toast for breakfast.The shows at night were AWESOME, we had a michael jackson show which was just insane!!! The whole entertainment team was amazing, CARLOS especially was awesome and always would say hi to us and talk to us. We were in the dance club one night and he was showing us some Dominican Dances which was awesome. He made us feel so welcome and when we were leaving we saw him and he was mad we were leaving. We were both very upset to leave but we had to get back to the real world to work. If you have questions about the trip or anything specific you can contact me.

Very Good Place This hotel was quite simply very good. Smallish but well equipped rooms with internet access, clean, good bathroom and a free mini bar. Couple of beers at night, OJ in the morning and water to take out was a nice touchThe breakfast buffet was fantastic with eggs/omelettes done to your liking. A wide selection of fruit, hot food to suit every taste. All of a high standard.The personal butler was a nice touch but over the top for a couple of holiday makers. Staff were great and could not do enough for you. Nice bar lounge and restaurants.It was an upmarket place where we felt at ease.Highly recommended.

Enjoying the Novotel Benoa The Flying Fish!

Beautiful but ! Great Pool

Good location. Service is decent. Rooms are comfy! This is my first time staying at this hotel. My usual hotel is the Hyatt across the road. I managed to get an extremely good rate for this hotel, 50% of what it costs at the Hyatt. Now the outcome.Check-inCheck-in in was quick. I upgraded myself to the lounge for a minimal fee. Somehow I regret putting myself up at the lounge. Service is alright, but rusty compared to the Hyatt Grand Club Lounge.RoomsRooms are very comfortable. I am a member of IPrefer, so I got an upgrade. Upgrades are good! The beds are the same as Westin's Heavenly Bed. I felt so refreshed waking up the next morning.Bathrooms are very nice, marble and good fittings.FoodFood in the lounge is good. It is mostly catered for the Indonesian, Malaysian and Brunei crowd. Very decent selection.LocationRight at the crossroads of Orchard and Scotts, where most of the shopping is located. Plus there is a cinema in the mall next door. OverallStay at this hotel. It has good value for the location it is in. The rooms are very comfortable.

A Cheaper Alternative bathroom

A Great Hotel with an excellent location This hotel has been one of my favorites since the early 1990s. I have always stayed on the Club Floor providing access to the lounge facilities including free internet, breakfast and cocktails. I suggest potential guests at this hotel upgrade to the club floor. Location:The location is excellent as it is at the the Scotts and Orchard crossroad. This is where most of the nicer shops are located. Taxis are abundant, giving you easy access to anywhere in Singapore.Rooms:I cannot say much about the regular rooms, but the grand deluxe rooms which is a Jr Suite is an excellent place to stay if you want extra space or a family tagging along. The bed linen and towels are very plush!Service:The front desk attendants were very polite and helpful. They even called up to check if the room was alright. That is good service! Little things matter a lot. Also, parking is free which is a great plus! Food:Food was good, but there are so many restaurants outside, that I'd suggest you try them rather than the hotel outlets. The lounge breakfast is great, although it is not an American Breakfast.Conclusion:If you are short on time and would like to shop and do business, this is the perfect place to be. If you bring your kids along, upgrade. They'll enjoy the extra facilities. *ahem* Just tell JR to go easy on the free alcohol in the lounge.

Great value in Paris My wife and I just returned from Paris where we spent 8 nights in Room 26, a standard double which looked out over the courtyard. Rate 146E. I researched the Parisian hotels extensively prior to booking. Try to find a 3 star hotel at this rate in a fairly central location where the rooms and bathrooms are relatively large, well decorated and clean, and come with a small refrigerator (great for storing wine and picnic items), an in room safe, a flat screen TV with 3 english speaking channels, and a shower curtain. There was no alarm clock but you can program the phone to give you a wake up call. I'd bring an alarm clock for back up though. The room was very quiet with respect to outside noise. But the walls are apparently pretty thin. The phone in the adjacent room was easily heard in ours. That said, we rarely heard any voices. I think everyone must have spoken in quiet tones. The prior reviewers were dead on with respect to the location of the hotel. For those wanting to walk out of the hotel into a street of action, stay elsewhere. Such a street is a good 15 minute walk or so. Nevertheless, there are plenty of restaurants, a grocery store and everything else you'll need very close by. ATM is just down the street. The nearest metro is an easy 5 minute walk. Most of the top attactions are within a 15-30 minute walk.The staff was for the most part reserved but very helpful. This is not a BB type place where they fall over themselves to help you but I believe that's the norm for Paris. There are about 6 people who staff the front desk 24/7. Not all had restaurant recommendations. They give you a xerox copy of a map showing some French restaurants in the 7th but they don't seem prepared to make other recommendations, which is probably not unusual. So come prepared with your own list of places to eat. They will gladly make reservations, call cabs and do all that stuff. For you Mastercard holders, you might check with the hotel to confirm that they take it. We tried to pay for our stay with one and it was not accepted. The receptionist didn't know why but said it was a problem on her end which was clearly the case since I'd been using that card all week, had notified my MC company we'd be in Paris, had gobs of money left on the credit limit, and were able to use it immediately when we got home. So I'm not sure what the problem was. Fortunately we had a Visa card which did go through.We would not hesitate to stay here again.

should be a 1 star I paid 140 dollars for 1 night to get a room that was small and had no a/c. The room got really stuffy and couldn't sleep all night! The bedding was dirty and so were the towels. I can't believe expedia rated this hotel as a 3 star..The room quality was dated..Not to mention the 19 dollar parking fee plus 2 dollar tip..So the total cost 161 plus 3 bottle waters= 164.00. Are you kidding me? Oh yea I also got sick from not sleeping..Not a good trip needless to say...!!

Avoid the Clift Hotel The Clift Hotel is the worst place I have stayed in San Francisco. - Arrive after 8pm and stand in line to get questioned by the doorman/bouncer. The trendy restaurant and bar flow over to the Hotel Lobby so I understand why; but not cool after finishing a day of meetings. Do not stay here unless you are here to party and do not feel can make it across the street to any of the nearby hotels.- Washroom was super small. The toilet is up against the mirror and drains do not work well.- Want to watch a little TV before bed? Bring your binoculars for the in-room 19inch tube tv!Fancy soap, nice sheets, paper thin walls; so do expect to hear what you neighbors are up to.

Overrated and nothing special Just back from a 3 day short break to Madrid Prefer Barcelona. Stayed in this hotel on the 3 nights for the price of 2 package. On the positive side.. smashing location and great breakfast.... but oh .... oh.. on the negatives.....Where do I start.Awful concierge service-absolutely no interest. Booking a restaurant seemed a monumental task. Service generally very poor and why does the chambermaid try to service the room at 8am every morning despite the DND button being activated. BTW, can anyone tell me what I get for my Starwood Preferred Guest status. Very very ordinary.WEEKEND TRAVELLER

Nice Value in Seattle Stayed here 4 nights in late May 2007. Looked for a comparable Hilton, Marriott, Westin in the area for the points/miles, but I couldn't find anything so I gave the Monaco a shot. Was pleasantly surprised -- everything was very nice -- room service was quick and tasty, bed was especially comfortable, and unlike some people here I have nothing but positive things to say about the service. Only downside would be the relatively small exercise room (only one treadmill), but heck I was still on east coast time and ran into only one person down there at 5 AM during the four days. Would definitely stay here again.

Terrible service/rooms Bad feeling from start. Got directions off Google and they were wrong. Called hotel on cell phone, and was told that Sir, I need to know where you're coming from in a very rude manner. Most other front staff were pretty courteous. Checked in okay at 3 p.m. Got room, and remote control didn't work. Called down and they did bring one up that worked about 20 minutes later. Next, the tub while taking a shower filled with an inch or so of water. Next three mornings it didn't do that. The club sandwhich was not very good at $14. Ate half. It was a little cold by the time it got up to the room. Bar staff seemed okay except that it seemed to be pawned out or contracted out and not a part of Holiday Inn. The tall lamp by the chair didn't have a light bulb in it. I digress. Anyway, would recommend another nearby hotel by all means.

Excellent Location Just returned from a 3 night stay at The Westin for my son's 18th birthday. Perfect venue if you only have a few days to whizz round as its only 100 yards from Times Square.The staff very friendly and always ready to advise on how best to get around New York. We stayed in an upgraded club room which included a continental breakfast to set you up for the day. Only one restaurant within the Hotel and that's Shula's. Great steaks..a little pricey but you pay for what you get. The rooms were ok and we stayed on the 16th floor which still let some noise in, but this was only minimal.I'd certainly stay here again and the four stars is just about right.

Fantastic price, location, and great room! My girlfriend and I stayed here for two nights and absolutely loved it. This was the second hotel of our 4-night stay in Paris ... we decided to try one Left-bank and one Right-bank hotel, but now I wish we spent the whole time at Relais du Marias.We spent quite a bit of time reading reviews on TripAdvisor, and all of the good things said about this hotel we found to be true.Checking in, the man at the front desk was extremely friendly. I do speak a little bit of french (it has been 5 or 6 years though) and when in Paris, I always make an attempt to converse in French, but most parisians will immediately respond in English as soon as they hear my terrible accent. This guy was very nice, and spoke in slow clear french that I could understand (he did speak English, too).The room was small, as has been noted in other reviews, but it's Paris and that is to be expected. It was plenty big enough for us and our stuff. Our room had a lot of light from a large window that opens, and a little desk and decent sized closet. The bathroom was also very bright and clean, it had a good bathtub/shower and was appointed with clean towels and little soaps.Possibly the best feature ... free high-speed WiFi internet on every floor. Worked great. Bring a european power adapter for your laptop or you can buy one at a place like FNAC.Our rate included breakfast, and I would definitely recommend it. The breakfast room was decorated very modern, with tables and chairs from IKEA. Breakfast was typical french and buffet style ... coffee, croissants, cereal, hard-boiled eggs, yougurt, and orange juice.Location is absolutely perfect for walking or taking the Velib bikes around. The Marais is a beautiful neighborhood with lots of cute stores, restaurants, and cafes.For the price, this place was fantastic. I'll definitely come back on my next Paris trip.

Would stay here for business trip..... As a previous review mentioned ....most of the guests were westerners and on a business trip or at a conference. Mind you saying that whilst I was there the hotel held a very traditional Japanese wedding on the saturday and from what I could gather no expense was spared ! So perhaps the hotel is held in high regard by the locals ? ANA is a very clean and modern hotel. I stayed in a basic room on the 24th floor as I was only staying in Tokyo for 4 nights. Last time I stayed in Tokyo I was in the Palace Hotel and I felt that the hotel was in need of an 'upgrade' ...for want of an expression. ANA is perfect for the business traveller....and suits if travelling with your partner. Everything you need is in your room...if not ask and it will be . .. In fact if you need anything at all, the staff are all very eager to help and do more than is required of them. They really did try to make my stay as comfortable as possible and ALL staff were curtious, always willing to please and bent over backwards to help should you need any. For the more 'adventurous traveller' the hotel is located near the Roppongi ..literally a 10 minute stroll. ... Tokyo isnt necessarily the cheapest town in the world and the hotel certainly reflects that. I personally found the eating and drinking ''in house'' was particularly expensive. I had one incident which was most unexpected....got up one morning and there was NO water supply at all to the hotel...it was only off for 30 mins...but if one had appointments it was no consolation. When I returned later that day 2 bottles of red wine awaited me with a letter prefuse apology....which was very nice. I will stay again when I return to Tokyo . I would also recommend other business travellers and tourists ( if it's within your budgets) to stay there too.

Great Location! Another view of 3rd and Market

Second Time Around ... Stayed at The Oriente several years back (before it was a Husa, I think) so decided to have a bit of an homage on this weekend trip in July. Bang in the middle of everything, so full marks for location ... easy access to most things and plenty of eating choices on the Ramblas. Beware though - restaurants on the Ramblas can be very pricey ... two course dinner (not that great a dinner either) with half a bottle of red wine was - that's about GBP60. Ouch! Our room was modern, fresh and clean. It was very quiet as it faced the rear of the property, so no Ramblas rabble to keep you awake at night. The down side of course, is no wonderful view ... we looked out at a brick wall. Hey ho ....Overall I'd recommend The Orient, but avoid the overpriced buffet breakfast.

When Is An Upgrade Not An Upgrade? This was my second visit to the New York Sofitel this year. Being a big fan of Sofitel and a Privilege card holder, it was the natural choice for my 50th birthday bash in April 2008. Though there was no usual Sofitel Privilege welcome drink offered, we did get fantastic, upgraded rooms on the 22nd floor, with views out over Rockefeller Centre. It was super ....!So, this time I once again booked online at Sofitel.com and I specifically booked the (more expensive than standard) Queen Room, 15-29 floor, in the hope that we'd again get a room high up in the building. We arrived Friday around 9.00pm and the desk clerk advised we'd been upgraded to a King room. Great, I thought, until we got to the room on the 5th floor and realised it looked out over an air shaft into the back of the Iroquois Hotel next door. Not so impressive. Whilst the room was undoubtedly bigger, it was rather dull, with little natural light during the day. All in all, I'd have preferred the room I paid for, with less space and more view.However we did get our welcome drink this time!Notwithstanding the debatable upgrade, the rest of the hotel was pure Sofitel - professional staff, comfortable rooms, great beds, super pillows, lovely bathrooms, nice amenities .... all to rave about. The Gaby Bar is a great for a pre (and post) dinner cocktail.Will certainly return, but will be wary of any upgrades offered!

First Class!! An absolutely first class facility with first class service. The best Mai Tai I had in Hawaii and the surf and turf (off the menu) at Orchids and it was FANTASTIC!! The room was smaller than we thought it would be but that is as to be expected in a metropolis. Would absolutely go back!! Important note: they have a suite if you have a late flight to use for internet access, shower and relax if you have a late flight as we did and the front desk neglected to tell us until we had made plans and were executing our late checkout.

Beautiful hotel, great location Beach bar

Great rooms and great service Sunset view from Park Hotel lobby

Harborside nice and convenient to the city I booked this room through Hotwire, and like usual, I was quite pleased in terms of money well spent. The hotel, while next to the airport, is also conveniently close to the city, and it is easy to take the T in and out. The best thing about the hotel is the view from the rooms if you are on the harbor side, followed by its convenient location. The worst things are that it is isolated, so you have little choice in terms of food, and that it still takes a bit of time to get from the airport to the hotel as the shuttle makes all sorts of stops. Also, the hotel is remarkable in that there is almost/virtually no airplane noise, in spite of being at the end of the runway, but you can hear people in adjacent rooms a bit more than usual. On the whole, I would not hesitate to stay here. Oh, if you stay out here (or maybe anywhere in Boston), get the pass for the T. It is going to be worth it.

Solid hotel, reasonably located. While some of the reviews found issues with the Parallel, we found our stay here to be quite reasonable, and the staff helpful (though their English was variable from very good to a bit limited). Probaly the two biggest dislikes were the parking (which is across the street) is expensive (24 Euros/day), and they need to provide better instructions on how to get to their property, e.g., from the airport. (Take the train to Sants, switch to the subway.., though I forget which one, but it is obvious as you just go to the Parallel metro stop, or there is a direct bus: which they say take a bus, but provide no bus number. Providing the details would help A LOT!!!)On the plus side, the rooms were quite comfortable (even for three), as noted above the staff is quite helpful, and it is very well located. While it is not in the historical district, that is only a few short blocks away. The subway is two blocks away. The fruit market is a 5-10 minute walk. Getting to the beach takes 20 minutes. Reasonable resataurants are around. The train station is 10 minutes.For breakfast, there are some quite reasonable cafe's within a block that serve a solid breakfast. At night, the cafe's on the street behind the hotel is very popular with the locals, but if you do not get there by 10:30 pm (or so), it will be difficult to find a table outside.

Great Midtown Location we loved it! All the reviews were right, this is a great Midtown Hotel. The views are incredible from both the rooms and the 27th floor pool area. Thestaff were professional but very relaxed and made us feel at home. Our room was immaculate and tastefully furnished in a European moderndecor. The TV had plenty of cable channels available. There was no table (just a desk) or side chairs in the room but we didn't expect this in a NY hotel. We enjoyed the relatively quiet location away from Times Square but very accessible. Walk about 4 blocks to Grand Central Terminal.Bus service was also very accessible. We did not eat in hotel as there plenty of dining establishments in the area. The Plaza deli up the street has a fantastic salad bar and almost anything you could want. Was amazed at the pool and fitness area, unheard of in Manhattan. We used priceline and were assigned to this hotel after selecting a 3 star minimum. Cannot indicate a single disappointment with this property other than the lack of a table and 2 chairs which would have been nice to use for in room dining.

Good location but noisy Room 304. Mid - March 2006.Superior spa room. Cost on wotif - $140/nite.When the Legion cab bearing yours truly pulled up at the Haven, I frankly didn't know what to expect. The reviews I'd read of the place conflicted wildly and I hadn't set foot in trendy Glebe since Star Wars was on at the Valhalla. So I'd come prepared for anything. OK. First impressions. The Haven isn't going to win any prizes for architecture. I'm tipping that the rash of heritage orders in this area didn't get going til well after the Haven was already up. With its off-white brick exterior and early 70's decor, it's not a particularly attractive building from the outside. If you're looking to take in the Victorian ambience of Glebe's streetscapes, I suggest you take a walk down Glebe Point Rd with the Haven behind you at all times. 1/5 for external appearance.Once inside though, the place doesn't seem too bad. The girl on reception's friendly, efficient and helpful. There's no waiting to be checked in and no leave-a-credit-card-or-$100-cash-to-cover-your-mini-bar-rorting formalities either. Guess that's cause there's no mini-bar. There's no lift either and I'm on the top floor, but the offers of assistance with the bags are coming thick and fast. On top of all that, I can get free DVD for the night, so happy days. 5/5 for check in.Up the stairs and into my room and it's cold (YES!!!) there's air conditioning and it works a treat. Despite the sub-tropical Sydney funk of the day outside, I have to turn it down in the end because it's just too efficient. 5/5 for air conditioning. The room's reasonably sized and clean enough, but the balcony is quite small and spartan and at no time during my stay do I get motivated to venture out there. The room decor's like you used to see in country motels - in fact the whole place reminds me of the Flag Inn at Holbrook circa 1988. It's clean and it's comfortable. It's not 5 star. There's a small fridge with tea and coffee making facilities and an iron and board as well. 3/5 for the room.The bathroom is OK, but quite overwhelmed by the spa with shower over. The sink is also pretty small and awkwardly located under a shelf, causing me to headbutt the shelf when I was brushing my teeth. 3/5 for the bathroom.Across the road is the Toxteth Hotel - a fine drinking establishment even if the punters DON'T like my jukebox selections. What's wrong with some people anyway? The Ramones are SEMINAL, man. Glebe Point Rd is littered with eating establishments so you won't go hungry, ever. It also boasts the highest proportion of Tarot reading places per square mile in the southern hemishere. 5/5 for local activity.Night time. Noise. Oh deary me. How's the serenity? Well there isn't any. Glebe Point Rd has a surprisingly high volume of traffic late at night. The double-glazing mentioned in an earlier review was not in evidence and this is no place for the light sleeper. 0/5 for serenity.Brekky. The price is right at $5, but don't expect a wide selection. A bit of fruit to go with the cereal would've been appreciated. 2/5 for breakfast.Overall I'd recommend the Haven for budget travellers and those with powerful sleeping drugs or narcolepsy. For $140/nite, I've found better places in the city on wotif in the past.The Haven staff are quite good but the building is a bit dated and could use some maintenance. Glebe's a fun area and close to the city too, but next time I think I'll try somewhere new.

Great family run motel Stayed here again with the family, 3rd time. As usual check in was seamless and the husband and wife team ensure the place is well kept. Not too near downtown and all the better for it as you can drive or catch public transport easily from here. Thanks we will return.

Mediocre at Best We booked this hotel while we were staying here on vacation for 10 days and found the following problems-overly expensive decent at best 25 US dollar breakfast buffet, also it closes at 11 and they will let you in at 10:55 and pack up the food 5 minutes later which happened to us-20 US dollars per day for internet access that is terribly slow, whereas roughly 80% of hotels in hong kong (many of them with much cheaper rates) offer free high speed access-10 US dollar food-reheating charge, gave them my Morton's prime rib that was medium rare and they brought it back well done, though this may seem terribly picky they asked me twice how they should do it and i said i just want it warmed, not re-cooked-Terrible room cleaning, they leave empty bottles all over the place, forgot to leave towels twice, stains on bed and sheets, what looks to be a nice blood stain on the marble bathroom floor and the toilet doesnt flush properly-TV is older than i am, doesnt work, no channel selection, tough to turn on, cannot change volume etc...-Location is not as central as they make it seem, though in a harbour, it is not even close to being the main harbour with the famous star ferry and beautiful shopping centers. Not a shopping center, MTR, Ferry, Nightlife, good restaurants or anything else within a 30 minute walk, or ten minute taxi. Overall the room and Hotel was OK, the lobby is beautiful, room size (for hong kong) is great and staff are fairly pleasant. For all the hype definately not worth it. Next time i come I would spend an extra 50 dollars a night to stay in a more elite hotel, that this one tries to be like.

Bed The hotel is located in a very ideal place , at the junction of arab street , in close proximity to shopping malls and mrt station. Room is clean and basic , ideal hotel for bed n breakfast, although the breakfast is not that good. Good pool . 3 * rating .

Its the little extras that count The Casablanca Hotel, Times Square, New York.Trip Advisor member - Staffordshire, U.K.04-June-2007We have just returned from the Casablanca and really must thank all of the staff for ensuring that we had a good holiday. Everyone of them went out of their way to help us, and provided a professional and courteous service. The hotel is situated next to Times Square which is the busiest part of New York. After a day spent trekking around the city it was a pleasure to return in the evening to the complimentary cheese and wine buffet in Ricks cafe (between 5.30 and 8.00). Ricks cafe also provides free computer / internet use and free coffee from the vending machine 24/7. The buffet breakfast is adequate to start the day with a choice of cereals, croissants and fresh fruit etc. We booked a Queen room but were upgraded to a King room on the 5th floor. The room was a reasonable size for New York with a nice bathroom, however, ask for a rear room if you are a light sleeper. The air conditioning units are fitted into the windows and if being used you can hear the outside hubble (it seemed like an emergency vehicle passed by every time we dropped off to sleep. We eventually turned the unit off and shut the window which made it a lot quieter, sleep or be cool, its your choice.Overall an excellent hotel in the centre of Manhattan. One word of warning! We could not get a taxi to JFK airport on Friday afternoon. Taxis stopped but refused to do the trip. After an hour we ended up takeing the bus from the Port Authority Depot 2 blocks away. Due to congestion (probably why the taxis wont go) the journey took nearly 2 hours and we only just made the flight.

Excellent -just right This was my second stay at this hotel. I first visited in September 2007, with see The Police gig at the Olympic Stadium. The fact that I returned, with the wife, (apart from my credit card), obviously reveals my positive experience staying at 987 Barcelona. First off, the location. Situated in the affluent Eiample area (guys, with wives/girlfriends beware), all the major sights are easily reachable from the excellent and easy to use Metro. Turn right out of the hotel door and you are only a few blocks away from The Temple de la Sagrada Familia. Turn left out of the door and you are a short walk from the Passeig de Gracia, which leads to the Plaza Catalunya. Reaching the hotel from the airport via public transport is very easy. Directions are available from some of the other reviewers, so I repeat them here. The hotel itself is very clean, stylish and on both occasions I have found the staff both very friendly and helpful, with a good standard of English. The rooms are well appointed, in keeping with the hotel style. Everything expect from a hotel of this grade. The cleaning staff could be a little overenthusiastic at times with their vacuuming in the corridors, but they redeemed themselves with the excellently turned-down rooms. A nice touch (including the obligatory the chocolate mint) was the little card indicating the weather forecast for the next day! Some reviewers have commented on the glass door leading to the en-suite bathroom being a tad indiscrete. There was no lock in both the rooms used, and there was a small gap around the glass door. Frankly, I see the problem. Get the fan going from the aircon noisy and, um, does the trick. I could see this as a very minor grumble for those of a more private nature! But apart from that, everything else was fine. The rooms have air-conditioning which I found to be effective in both the rooms I used. Mini bar has water, if arriving late, and not too extortionate. The bar now opens to midnight. Also, very useful hotel has a free left luggage facility. Reception provides a free city map, which is actually very good, if you already have one.Breakfast is optional. If you want breakfast at the hotel, simply turn up, give the attentive staff your room number and help yourself to an excellent range of hot and cold options, drinks, cereals, fruits and pastries. You can even make up yourself a full, um, if you know what I mean! in the laid back dining area that you actually see other place is an oasis from the city hubbub; clientele tends to be usually Europeans, from business to families. JUST ARRIVED? Tips for Barcelona orientation from hotel;Where to eat on arrival; take a left out of the hotel, a few blocks on takes you to the Passeig de Gracia (the busy road, 5 mins walk away). Head one block more and be on La Rambla Catalunya; up or down be spoilt for choice. For all budgets, any time of day. Eat outside, or inside. Recommended to get you started.Metro; get yourself a 10 hop ticket, available from the machines (cash and credit cards), and go! Once fed a card through a barrier, the trip is printed o the back of the card, so you know how many are left. NOTE: the airport train is also covered by this ticket (excellent) so hop on at the metro, Paseo de Gracia, but as this is a real not as frequent as every 40 mins, from my experience. Still bloody good! Note: the airport train at Paseo de Gracia has a good half metre gap from carriage to enabled be aware.First trip; Parc de Montjunic:From hotel start at the Paseo de Gracia metro, get off at Paral-lel. Follow the signs within the station. Take the funicular (free); arrive. Turn right, up ramp and take cable car recommended, or left, Olympic stadium view inside. leave the rest to your discretion, as by now know how easy it is to get around!I hope this helps. Barcelona is a great city, and had two excellent trips there, no problems and very relaxing. The hotel, for me, was just right.

Simply Majestic... We just returned from a week long stay in Punta Cana at the Majestic Colonial. For a 4-star hotel, this place provided a 5-star service and everything was available at all hours of the days and nights. The hotel provided plenty of activities during the day and night at no extra cost but also offered off campus excursions for an additional price. We did not engage in any off those. They seemed a bit pricey. My wife participated in the pool aerobics and dance classes every day, while the men enjoyed volleyball and water polo. Plenty of seating with and without shade is available by the pool and beach. The sun can be brutal, pack a lot of sun-screen. Upon arrival, you're greeted with a drink called La Majestic and cool wet towels. You can make this drink alcoholic by telling them to add rum. offered non-alcoholic for the obvious reasons. This drink is the staple of the hotel and must say, it beats your standard pina-coladas and Hawaiian punches. The hotel staff was courteous and helpful with all our needs. Since the hotel is never fully booked or over booked, majority of the room views will be either full ocean view or partial ocean view rooms. The rooms with partial ocean view, face the pool and that in itself is just as pretty a view. Our room had a Jacuzzi in it. The room bar is complete with candy bars, water, soda and beer and is replenished every day. Breakfast/Lunch/Dinner: The hotel requires you to make reservations for The French and Japanese restaurants...MAKE'EM. They are upscale and the food is delicious. Japanese food was the best, followed by the French and all others are pretty standard. Between those two, the steakhouse, seafood and buffet, it turned out to be enough variety for a week long stay. The steakhouse and seafood place is huge and therefore divided into two sides. both on the beach. You can always ask them to serve you dinner on the beach with timely advanced notice. You can have dinner under the moonlight on the beach while being serenaded by a musician. Breakfast: Two places were open. Almost like a college cafeteria with different stations offering different types food, but better quality than your normal college cafe. Eggs, fruits, juices, bakery, meat, low-carb/diet stations and cooks if you want something made especiallyfor you.Lunch: There is a choice of few places, but if you're baking in the sun at the pool or the beach and after having a late breakfast and drinking all morning, anything is edible. A sandwich, pizza slices usually sufficed, but there is more.If you're in an All-Inclusive package, the concept of tipping is almost non-existent. But we did leave tips for the staff we got to know over the 6 days, and the ones that went beyond their service delivery, especially the bartenders and maids. Go see Pablo and Frances at the plaza bar. This package includes the shuttle to and from the Punta Cana airport to your hotel. Depending what hotel staying at, it can take anywhere from 15mins to an hour to get there. bother renting a car, the roads are smaller and local drivers are erratic and there is no sense of direction when driving. Nightlife: Casino, Disco Sports Bar, Local Shows. Nothing extravagant, but still well put together. This is a vacation spot for a little R R, if you're looking for a wild night life; visit the other side of the island. This place died down around 11:30pm...but started hopping around 6:30pm, just before dinner. Currency Exchange: Don't bother converting, take the dollars.

genuinely friendly sum up - great little hotel 5 min from damm square, and most other attractions on foot. very friendly staffon arrivial we couldnt believe the flight of stairs although one on the friendly staff was at hand to take our bags. the lady at the desk was very nice and gave my partner and i, and another couple a quick induction to the hotel, the facilities and a map and city guide book to get us going. although it was 11am and check-in wasnt ment to be until 2pm, she invited us to the breakfast room where we were served tea and coffee for 20 min while they cleaned and prepared a room for us which had an early check-out. . .a benefit of going to a small hotel. our room was small (make that very small) but very clean also. the size wasnt an issue due to amsterdam having so much to do and see..anyone who uses there room for anything other than a wash and a sleep is in the wrong city. what really made the difference for me was when leaving at night to go out for the evening was the staff telling us to have a pleasant evning and the staff always being more than happy to help with directions and advice on everything we asked.all in all a great trip and i cant wait to go back. would highly reccomend for value -for-money.

Ecxellent Hotel - Great value and location! View from room 107

Ticks All The Boxes! Mini Bar

Best Avoided Despite alot of negative feedback me and my friend stayed here for 2 nights in July 2007. First of all if you are offered the chance to stay in the 'Apartments' (for want of a better word) then decline them, We were offered them and the way the staff speak it sounds like this is an upgrade, it is far from it. The apartments are small, shabby and dont look safe at all. We changed rooms and the room was average, although I have stayed in better rooms in Best Western hotels before. The main bugbear was that there was no mini bar. When we were at reception we overheard a couple who had had their bags stolen including credit cards etc just moments before we arived, For this reason we used the safe in the room and to be safe put the sign on the door so that the rooms wernt cleaned. A small price to bay for the safety of our belongings. To be fair the hotel lobby and bar looked quite posh and the concierge was happy to help. But I dont reccomend this hotel, there are probably better ones for the same price!

A Gem In Hollywood! Outside of the hotel

Location, location, location. We capped off our visit to San Francisco in May with one night at the Hilton Fisherman's Wharf. Taking advantage of some Hilton HHonors points I had stashed away, we ended up paying only for parking for our one-night stay. Our room on the top floor was surprisingly large and featured an amazing view of the downtown skyline to the southeast. At the Hilton Fisherman's Wharf it's all about location. Nestled in the heart of San Francisco's tourist district, the Hilton is a great choice for those looking to take in the sights and sounds of the city. Fisherman's Wharf, Pier 39, Ghirardelli Square, Lombard Street and the cable car turnaround are all just a few blocks away. Chinatown, downtown, ATT Park and other attractions are a bit further and can easily be reached via trolley, cable car or taxi. Location comes at a price though as most hotels in the Fisherman's Wharf district carry a pricey nightly rate. Add on parking ($32 per day at the Hilton) and your costs for a visit to one of the most expensive cities in the U.S. will add up fast if you don't plan well in advance.The hotel staff was friendly and helpful. Questions about the surrounding area including directions and transportation options were easily and happily answered by members of the Hilton team. The front desk was short-staffed at check-in though with only one agent processing check-ins and answering phones with a line of four groups waiting to be helped. I'd definitely stay at the Hilton Fisherman's Wharf again if in the area, especially if I had additional HHonors points to spare. Our one-night experience was pleasant and you couldn't ask for a better location in the Fisherman's Wharf area.

A wonderful hotel The paddy field location,the staff and the food were truly excellent.Loved the room and particularly the service and all of this at most reasonable cost. We will definitely return.

Charm.... and service We thoroughly enjoyed our stay here. The front desk people were amazingly efficient and extremely patient and helpful with our questions and our requests for recommendations. We had a comfortable, well-appointed room overlooking the Singel Canal. The location was perfect in terms of being able to walk to almost all places we wanted to go. We loved everything about this property, but most kudos to the staff who always made us feel welcome and appreciated.

So So The Good - Good location, friendly staff on check in, and many of the amenities that a business traveller might need. The valet and bellman in the lobby were all very helpful and courteous. There is also a full service Starbucks (not just a cart) on site in the lobby.The Bad-Sheraton really needs to work on giving the rooms a good scrubbing. There were stains on the carbet near the bed which did not help their cause.Also, the floor right along the floor boards needs a good vaccuming with the crevice tool. I also had a plate in my room which I brought up on Day 1....it stayed with me until Day 5.The Ugly-The room was terribly small and a little tired. The doors were so narrow that they remind me of those on a cruise ship where space is really limited. Also, the bathroom was uncomfortably small, especially when staying sharing the room with the Mrs.Conclusion-This is definitely the spot if you're looking for a good priced, centrally located hotel with a reputable brand and don't plan on spending lots of time actually in your room (i.e., you just go there to sleep and shower).Otherwise, if you are the type of traveler that also values your aesthetics of your room, then you might want to consider other options.

The Place to stay in New York Me and My Girlfriend stayed he in Febuary 2007 ( 13th - 21st ) Snow evrywhere, we had booked a deluxe room, on our arrival to this hotel taking in the all the site, this being my first NY visit. When we came to the check-in desk we were kindly greeted and given a free upgrade to a deluxe corner room. We told them we were also having a late Valentines day ( On the 17th due to the flight on the 13th didn't want to arrange anything incase the flight was delayed) he told me he'd lay something on compliments of the Westin. Dying and very tired well headed for our room, the elevator even had there own little tv - How COOL!. When we reached our room 3529 we couldn't believe the Standard, Quality, Space and above all view of the room. The room was Incredible and we had 5 massive windows, all with views of times sqaure and the hudson river. The heavenly bed lived up to it's name, after a 7 hours flight and a limo ride i felt like diving under the covers but as usual i explored the room. The TV was a lovely 32inch flat screen, massive work area with internet *at a charge* i then dove in the mini bar. The prices of the mini bar weren't to bad compared to some. The Heavenly bathroom was brilliant, it had the curved shower curtain, lovely tub, massive mirror, and so much space. but the thing that i loved the most about the bathroom and excuse the saying but i've never sat on a comfy toilet were *with the door open* you can see the empire state building *see pic* (don't worry i'm not in it). As we hadden eaten for like 7 hours and were exhusted we tried out the room service which came from the restaurant in the hotel Shula's Steak House we placed an order (see pic) it was not to badly price again for a hotel. My first night in the heavenly bed sent me off to sleep for a good 12 hours and has to be the most comfortable bed in NY. The cleaning staff were great always seem to come when we weren't there but did an amazing job. The receptionist were very helpful and friendly. On the 17th (Our valentines day)we went our for the day and as i booked everything through allnewyorktours.com i couldn't tell my girlfriend what i had planned. I had booked a Helicopter ride around manhatten, if your a photographer like myself it is somthing you have to do. It was a 15minutes ride (which somehow i took 200+ pictures in) and you see every bit of new york, but i did feel a little sick as i'd never been in a helicopter before. When we arrived back to our room we had 12 red roses in a glass vase put on our desk for my girlfriend for valentines day (i did ask the hotel to provide them and that was at a cost but only $25 which i thought wasn't bad) on that day i suprised my girlfriend with a meal at tavern on the green (the only restaurant in central park) plus we had a carriage ride through central park dropping us off there which was $40, the meal it'self was $240 but as it was a 5star restaurant which did include 3 course and the first drink free. tavernonthegreen.com when we arrived back at the hotel around 10pm there was a knock at the door the Westin had laid on a bottle of champagne and chocolate covered strawberry, we thought this was a lovely touch to the evening. Overall the hotel cost us *with flights and all charges included* and i would have spent double that for the hotel standard amd service we got so for the 10 days at the Westin and we left with no complaints or faults and will certainly stay the next time we go to New York.

Mmmm not bad We stayed here in the first week of Jan and found it to be reasonably well placed in the city. To be honest I am sure there are other hotels in the area that are better located and even cheaper. The rooms are fine and nicely presented- we had a nightmare on the first night as the aircon/heating system was insane, it must have been about 45c all night and it was making a terrible noise, wow i was hallucinating! Tv was rubbish so dont try to watch it, CNN was the only english language and that almost killed us! Wolf Blizter- is that a made-up name?Each night we had to walk along from the hotel to La Rambla and while it was only a short walk the shortest route was through a weird and dodgey ally that had several intimidating parts- no hassle mind but if you are a paranoid person in a city renound for thieving etc then this is not a walk for you. I kinda enjoyed being away from La Rambla and heading off into it for dinner etc. One good thiing about the location is its simple walk to the main port and the waterfront, a nice walk down there during the day is refreshing. Facilities are not bad here, simple but comfortable bathroom and toiletries provided, good electronic safe for passports etc and it's free for a change. they have lovely spa area downstairs, sauna jacuzzi etc- no pool- but it was a booking system that to be honest we didnt bother with as there is so much to do in Barcelona. There is a great roof top solarium that you can go out to in the sunshine with reasonable views around the city. Didnt even see the bar area but why would you, plenty of places more interesting near by!Only other thing is we never saw a single other guest, which was kinda weird.Enjoy though, a great city so you cant go too wrong.

Amazin! Hi, just got back off two amazin weeks staying in Punta Cana at the Grand Pallidium Palace Resort and Spa, i was there from teh 1st of sept to teh 15th and went with Thomsons. Firstly here is my first BIG tip, bring some small change for tipping (1 dollar bills) because this is a tipping country, the second your bag comes off that converbelt it begins. They whisk your bag off to your air conditioned bus (which is relief after stepping off to extreme heat) and being a kind sole tipped the guy $10 because i had nothing smaller, wont make that mistake again but at least i got a smileLeaving the airport, you notice at how much this country is in the 'developing' stage. Everywhere seems to have electricity but a lack of roads makes for an interesting journey. Travelling at unstricted speeds on roads with pot-holes the size of paddling pools filss you with frills and a sense of 'your going to die'. Take the in the enviroment around you beyond teh construction and roads to the untouch, beautiful surrondingsYou arrive at the hotel (you are 'recommended' to tip the driver) to a complimentry glass of 'unknown' which is very nice. After a short check-in at one of the three beautiful looking receptions, you are given your room card and are instructed to leave your bags and they will be delivered by 'safri' looking bell boys. This is where the place excells itself, we spent extra for a junior suite and we wheer not disappointed. Marble floors, jacuzzi, beautiful furniture, mini-bar, safe and two tvs (plenty of english channels and lots of movies), one for downstairs and one for upstairs where there was a very large king sized bed with seperate air-con.I will firstly confirm rumours from some of the other reviews, yes the safe does flash low battery ever so often but just try your 'own pre-set' code to open/close. Yes teh electricity does go off ever so often but they work extremely hard to ensure it returns. The towel boys do look miserable??? and there is teh major problem of sun lounge being taken as early as 5am but this didnt really affect us as it was the low season. Our mini-bar was filled evryday, where as others found it ever so often. Lastly we could enjoy al'cart everynight, there was not a limit of 5 times over teh two weeks but taht may be due to being low seasonThe weather was amazing although we did suffer two days of crazy tropical storms courtesy of hurrician Ike but apart from that we had 34C days and 31C nights, this place never goes cold. I did two trips, firstly the Manati Park, swimming with dolphins, after being warned by our thomson rep that this isnt a recommend trip it was the only way to swim with dolphins in our price range $85 per person to Thomsons $415 to ocean world! The experince with the dolphins was good, the dvd worked back home but the dolphins pen is extremly small. The park itself is alright, you get bothered alot to get money out of you but a nice surpise was that a park keeper took us around and took us actual into parrots and igunas cages which was amazing, so he deserved a nice tip! Second trip was on the monster safri trucks, booked through our hol rep for around $99 each, i wont spoil this for but its worth it, MAKE SURE YOU EAT, they supply plenty of alchol and non-alchol drinks and becareful of teh begging kids, one had a mobile!!!!! Overall the hotel is amazin, the beach is beautiful, the sea is warm and looks stunning. but i give you one caution, be careful, every1 who doesnt work for teh hotel wants your money, they allow some people onto teh complex and beaches trying to sell you excursions/trips and others to sell gifts, this gets annoying. Finnaly do not go to teh shops on teh beach, they will try to con you but i found that the prices on the hotel complex for gifts were actually cheaper???? so just be cautious! Enjoy your holiday and i know i will be revisting this amazing place.

Excellent hotel, spoiled by check in experience I booked my stay through AmEx Platinum Fine Hotels which brings a number of benefits including room upgrades, free breakfast, late check out etc. I travelled throughout Asia on the program and got upgraded to a suite in every hotel.Before I arrived at the InterContinental I checked the room availability and saw that they had rooms and suites available at every level so I was looking forward to getting another nice upgrade when I checked in.Instead they gave me a very ordinary, non-harbour facing room and when I questioned the check in clerk, he offered to give me a harbour view room for an additional HK$600 per night, a not so generous offer that I declined.Other than the sour start the hotel did a fine job. The staff were courteous and helpful, the food was good etc. The harbour view from the lobby (and harbour facing rooms!) is unbelievably spectacular.I few small quibbles. Charging over $20 per day for internet access when you charge over $400 per night for the room seems cheesey, when even $100 per night motels offer free internet access. Also there was no make up room card in the room and my room was never cleaned before noon on ech day of my stay.

Dont believe everything you read!! Wow, Wow, Wow!My family and I have been yo many all inclusive resorts, in the past our goal was to try a different Country each time we travel.I will start this off by saying that I would go back to the Iberostar Bavaro in Punt Cana in a heart beat! I read and read the reviews here on trip advisor, reading through the lines we decided that you cannot make everyone happy 100% of the time. Lets start with some of the more common complaints. This is not a 5 star Hotel, if your comparing to a USA $500 a night room you will be disappointed. Remember you are in a third world Country not the USA. The room was great, how much time do you spend in a room when you are on the beach? I am 6'4 300lbs and if I did have a complaint it would have been the room we had with 2 beds the bed was small, a double maybe? I have one child and when we go again I will book a king room with fold out couch bed for my child. Musty smell, yes there was a every so slight musty smell. We took scented candles and never lit one. Nothing to be concerned about! The air conditioning, no thermo but I would sayit stayed a nice pleaseant 72-72 degrees the whole trip, no worries. The food, Wow we made resos at several of the special resturants and never made it. These resturants you must set a time for dinner and wear long pants (no denium). We found the Buffet at all meals to be amazing! If you are picky I promise you will have no problems with the food, everything you can imagine for breakfast and lunch, dinner was from steak to lobster, fish and more fish, fresh sliced turkey, pork, beef. Pizza and hamburgers with fries at every luch and dinner for the kids.I ate sushi and all the above without one bit of stomach concern. The reviews about the bad food? They were not staying at the same resort as we were!! The food was A+. The beverages, if you are looking for top shelf booze you are more or less out of luck. The blender drinks are mostly with rum, the rum is made there in the Dominican, it was good. The beer Presidente on draught was actually quite good. At night the bar next to the stage has your better call labels. This bar is open all day but away from the beach and pool, no complaints. The pool was not the biggest I have ever been in but more than adequate. We spent most of our time on the beach but the pool was great never felt crowded.The beach was awesome, Aruba was the only other Island that I could compare the sand to, powdered sugar fine and white white.The water was cool enough to feel refreshed after being in the sun ( pool also ) Both were crystal clear. The palm leaf covered cabanas were wonderful, I stayed in the shade and my girls were right next to me in the sun. The weather was about 85-90 degrees each day, humid. Topless sun bathing is here and thereso be ready or explain to your children ahead of time. About 200 yards from the Hotel is a small gathering of make shift buildings where the locals sell there hand made items along with cigars, paintings, jewelery and so on. No prices are marked, If the price stars at $40 say NO THANK YOU and start to walk away the prices will drop in half to $20 and if you are in the mood you can barter to $7-10 dollars. We bought allot of stuff for $100 US.The tours, we did not do any! This was our first trip to do nothing.The Hotel will let you sail ( Hobby Cat ) for one hour free each day or snorkeling gear was also free one hour per day. Most days there was bingo, dance lessons or something going on.The shows were not Broadway for sure but the costumes werefirst class, they we Ok and I will leave it at that. Now lets get to the working staff at the Hotel, first class! Never saw anyone without a great attitude or a big smile A+. These people work 12 days on 12 + hours per day and then 3 days off. They make a whopping $5-7 US. per day!! We took down allot of stuff for the locals to give away. Cash works best, Take a few hundred dollars in $1 billsand hand them out. These people are among the hardest working I have ever seen, they do their very best to make you vacation wonderful. The Hotel has a Disco that is OK, opens at 11PM. Right next door for you cigar lovers is a great shop, the man that owns the shop hand rolls cigars out front almost every night for $5 each. The store has a great selection with REAL Cubans at a fair price. DONT buy your cigars from the beach vendors as they are all fake. I have said enough to give you some idea that we thought this Hotel was a good bargin for the $$. We spoke to other people on the beach that were paying double what our Hotel charged and they were not getting anything more, maybe the same or less? If you have any questions dont hesitate to write me @ nugman.net Big Joe

Small but perfectly formed I have been coming to Amsterdam every week for some months now with work. It's been the Easter holidays so I've found many of the hotels booked out.I had been checking Tripadvisor and Hotel Nadia was quite high up the list. I like my creature comforts when I'm away and to be honest with you, my heart sank when I walked up to the front of the hotel, it didn't look great... I always think you shouldn't judge a book by it's cover though.The people on reception were very friendly and helpful. The room was small, and a little noisy (it was at the front of the hotel next to the main road), if you get a chance ask for a room with a canal view as it will be on the side of the hotel where there's less traffic.Other than being small the room had everything you'd need, there was also free wi-fi which is hard to find in Amsterdam. It's really close and easy to walk to Centraal Station as well as all of the tourist spots nearby.All in all a very pleasant (and cheap) stay, I'm sure I will be back there.

Not great but very friendly On our way back from our Route 66 Road Trip from Texas to California we decided to stop by in Phoenix and take in a D-backs game. I want to first start off by saying (with the utmost respect) that Phoenix is friggin hot. When we got there it was around 110 degrees and my breath was taken away when i stepped out of the vehicle. The outside of the Clarendon is not a great sight but once I got on the inside I was really impressed with the whole ikea looking style. The pool area looked inviting and the rooms were decorated very nicely. The problem occurred when we went to our room, the AC did not work very well at all. The staff downstairs was very helpful and they told us they would give us a new room. The new room wasn't any better but once again the staff was very helpful and allowed us to switch rooms again. They also said that we would be comped for anything we wanted to eat out of the snacks/drinks in the rooms. Once again the third room was still hot and the air didn't work again. I think we were a bit more agitated during the whole incident because we were hot and the baseball game started in about an hour. We finally decided we would just leave and look for another hotel nearby. The staff was still courteous and refunded our money right away. Even though the we didn't stay I would still say that the staff at the Clarendon is very friendly and will help you in anyway they can. Also another downside was the construction and the non-working elevator. I found it hilarious though that in our last room we tried there was a huge painting of the scene from National Lampoons Vacation where Chevy Chase is standing ontop of their car in the middle of the desert. That basically summed up our whole evening in Phoenix.

The worst hotel on our recent trip to the USA view of the hotel from the street

Lots to like about this hotel More photos

Charming, great vibe View from a balcony

Stay here! Stayed 5 nights from August 10th. Reception: excellent. Room, on the side of the hotel, had no view, except another wall, but quiet. Clean hotel, room valeting very good. Excellent free wine reception in evening. Helpful desk when we needed advice. This is an ideal place to spend time in this interesting city. Recommended. Avoided the in-house restaurant after evening meal found expensive and disappointing. Liked the Hollywood Cafe up the road for breakfast: good value, quick and tasty.

Good, but not GREAT experience We -- two adults and a near-teen -- visited Squaw Peak at the height of the spring break/spring training season, so it was packed. For the most part, we had a great time, but there were some annoying gaps in service/quality.The hotel is all suites (although small with no fridge), most seem to have been done over very nicely, with very comfortable beds and solid quiet construction. But if you have a bad back, get three people to help you unfold the fold-out couch!The River Ranch water complex was great, with mulitple pools, tennis, fairly boring miniature golf, and faux lazy river and waterslide (with great smoothies at the pool bar). However, at opening time, there was a long line of people waiting to get in, and the gate was understaffed. Concierge staff was incredibly knowledgable and helpful (thank you, Dave, Joan and Carol), with good advice on trips to Sedona and local sites and restaurant choices.The biggest disappointment was the on-property dining, which was mediocre and overpriced. We had opted for the bounce-back breakfast. The vouchers covered only a couple of menu items. The staff at both the family oriented Hole in the Wall and the fancier Lantana Grill kept trying to direct us to the pricey breakfast buffet. At the Hole in the Wall it was awful -- soggy french toast, cold eggs, a few pastries -- more like school cafeteria than good resort. (We DID love the Joshua Stone Band, local bluegrass group that plays Friday nights... worth seeing)The Lantana buffet was better, but more expensive... we would strongly recommend not buying the breakfast plan, and visiting some good local spots, like the 5 Diner nearby.It was annoying that while there was free wi-fi in the lobby, internet access everywhere else was an add-on.All in all, we had a great time... this is NOT a luxury resort, despite the pix, but a middle of the road family resort with nice rooms and a laid back atmosphere... just fix the restaurants!!!!

Great Hotel, Excellent Location, Wonderful Service... Stayed here last year. A wonderful hotel with excellent location, bang opp. the Central Station, very helpful if you want to use frankfurt as a base to visit the nearby areas. The hotel was spotless, had a great breakfast, helpful staff who think of everything. They even have a pool of umbrellas one can borrow on a rainy day, very helpful for travelers. Stayed at the single room, which a bit small but has all you amenities you can think of, including a nice shower.This place gets full fast esp. during Fair shows, so book early. Could not get a room there when I went in Oct last year. Will surely be on my list for my future trips.

Believe what you read I booked this hotel based on the majority of reviews I read. I was not disappointed. Very clean and modern rooms and the toiletries were about the best I have ever seen in a UK hotel. Very friendly staff - breakfast was expensive so take an inclusive rate if you can get it.

Excellent Boutique Hotel Excellent Hotel with very friendly and helpful staff, the rooms were excellent, large, modern and extremely cleanwith everything that you could wish for.Excellent Location, perfect for strolls down the embankment, try to find the More London address by the mayors office for excellent night time views of Tower Bridge.Highly recommended will stay there again and you get a free rubber Duck!!!!

Great location for foraging into the city centre! We have returned from a wonderful Sat am to Sunday night quickie. Took a taxi from the airport at 35 euros saves all the hassle. They let us check in early but the superior room was overlooking an interior courtyard with scaffolding! A quick phone call later and we were given 2nd floor room overlooking the square which was only available later .No problem by the time we had returned our bags had been moved for us. Staff were excellent and the concierge brilliant at pointing us in the right direction. HIRE BIKES! just around the corner for 10 euros. There are great eating places around the hotel and dont miss the Bulldog coffee shop for some smoke ( 5mins way ).Although the Bulldog is touristy we loved the vibe and freindly crowd.Took the Blue Boat Canal dinner cruise opposite the hotel for a 2 hour candle lit tour. Although the meal was pre-prepared it was really good and served by freindly staff with as much booze as you could drink! The location is great for cycling into the city and park. All in all a great weekend but HIRE BIKES to save blisters!

Excellent choice Would definitely stay here again. Excellent location, in the middle of everything. Had access to the club lounge (highly recommend). Very nice staff.

Complete Rip Off Booked this on recommendation from the Lonely Planet (we usually use Rough Guide but for some reason we had the LP instead for Singapore). After a 3 week trip through Indonesia we were looking forward to a really nice room for our final night in Singapore and for $180 we thought the place would be fine - WRONG.Either the LP has never stayed at this hotel or Stevie Wonder wrote the review. Room was small, cramped, bathroom not big enough to swing a mouse never mind the cat, no room for storing bags etc.... Breakfast very average and staff not exactly helpful either.As others have stated location is OK for the Quays but better you spend your money away from this place and get the MRT. Extremely Disappointed.

Aloha- its got all of the basics and a great location! Ohana Waikiki West is in a great location. Centrally located on Kuhio Avenue, one can easily walk to shops, restaurants and of course the beach. The beach is only about 3-4 minutes by foot from the hotel and a nice little walk at that.Rooms are large and clean, with simple amenities. You can get kitchens if you want, which would be great for families. Views are limited, and since the building is built in an L shape, you get different views, depending on how high up you are: water, mountains, street, or other buildings.Staff are friendly and get things done efficiently. Right across the street is the Food Pantry, which is a supermarket with everything you need, including souveniers.There is a safe in the room, mini-fridge and other basics. Balconies are nice and big, great for relaxing on. There is a tiny weight room, and a large pool...but who wants to go to the pool in Hawaii??? They also have a shuttle which will take you to several points in the Waikiki area for free, you just need to show your room card. There is also parking at the hotel, but this tends to be on the expensive side, just as most other hotels are expensive for this.Again, great location for a basic room. If you are going to be in your room most of the time, I would not recommend this. But if you are there for the sun, surf and sights, then this is a good place to be. Enjoy!!

Location was excellent The hotel was decent. Small lobby, medium sized room, stylish bathroom but shower head was a bit dodgy.The location was perfect, couldnt have asked for better in that regard.If I was in Barcelona again I would stay here simply because the location was perfect.

Great Staff My wife and best friend

A very Good Choice My fourth visit, and it's still all good. Clean, functional, nicely designed, comfortable, reasonably priced, near the Messe and the train station - what more could you want?

Great Little Hotel The Rembrandt is a great little hotel situated only 5 mins away from Dam Sq. The rooms on the front have a nice canal view and overall the hotel is in very good condition. We stayed for 5 nights with a canal view room. The hotel was within walking distance of all the major attractions, with Anne house only a couple of minutes walk away. The room was spacious and modern and was also very clean. I would recommend this hotel to anybody that wants to explore Amsterdam by foot.

Nice hotel, nice location but best for short stays With an Embassy suites style design with an open atrium and 7 floors this hotel looks very nice. The rooms are the usual two rooms with a small kitchen and living room.The property is located across from several nice although moderately priced restaurants and for the casual experience there's also a Hooters. However beyond those if you want other dining options or even fast food you will have to drive. This place is great for a short visit or weekend. But the long term business traveler may want to look for hotels closer to downtown.My only real complaint I had was the Internet service was very slow. I was unable to remedy this with technicial support and my own networking expertise. One would think that Seattle hotels would not have this kinda of problem.

Great location, superb service, excellent rooms! This former Wyndham hotel is Hilton's gain. In an absolutely superb location close to Quincy Market, Thaniel Hall, a T station, the Aquarium, along with many pubs and dining options of just about any variety all within walking distance.The rooms are superb. Hilton Diamond members this is your place. The suites, although not equipped with pricey furniture, are very large. Almost too large considering the very reasonable rate. The bed was quite comfortable. Not too soft, not too hard but giving.The staff are very polite, professional and helpful. But the key here is the very nice location and the superb rooms!This Hilton is a deal! Way to go Hilton.The only downside is what I experience at many Hiltons sadly including this one. Its Hilton's repeating canned commercials over their cable TV service. They repeat and repeat and repeat the same ads over and over again. Many of them are politically driven but made to appear as PSAs (public service announcements). HIV ads with Michael Douglas' narration, breast cancer and colon cancer ads running repeatedly become old quickly. If you are like me I like to leave the TV on while I do other things in my room. But hearing HIV infection statistics every 20 minutes is a bit depressing. Come on Hilton, just run the regular commercials everyone else watches please.

Overall....A good choice for vacation Dominican Buffet Restaurant

Need's some TLC Spent a couple of days with the Grand Kids and over all had a good time. The water park kept the boy's busy for most of the day and kept us out of what was a old tired room. The facility itself was good, the staff and every employee we needed to encounter treated us with respect. Spending a lot of time in the water park I did notice some problems and the first being people being there that had no business being there, my impression was that only guest that were book at the hotel are allowed to use the water park. Over all I would recommend this hotel for people with kids who need to burn off some energy but would think twice if I were staying there alone or as a couple. The room we were in was outdated with 60's decor and some carpeting that was suspect at best.

Great Stay I used the stay and park package at the crown and had a very good impression of the property. The desk staff were a little aluff but helpful, the welcome pack was a surprise and kept our grandson with munchies for the evening. We also received a couple of coupons for free appetizers and beer which were very welcome and unexpected. They are working on the road in front of the hotel but it's easy to maneuver. I will use this property again when flying out of Phoenix.

Great Location, Over Priced and Bad Service. Look Elsewhere Singapore is Expensive. Regardless of your currency, this beauty comes directly from the Taxes you pay as a guest. Nothing is the price it seems, and Hotels are at least 15% more plus there is Goods and Services Tax on everything, pretty much. It is a nice and safe place but the money will start leaving your pockets as soon as you move through Customs and it won't stop until you leave.The Intercontinental is in a great location but that is all it has going for it. Everything else about this Hotel is smoke and mirrors. You don't have to look too hard to see it looks ok but it being neglected and will be very ordinary in a few years. I stayed for 12 nights, pre paid through Priority Club where I am a Platinum Member. I am a simple guy, I like clean, neat and secure. I'm not fussy and I don't write many reviews but I felt strongly enough about this stay to comment.The driveways staff is friendly and helpful and the reception is neat but the staff are very mechanical in their approach and it very personable. I was taken to my room but the staff member was just going through a routine and didn't seem interested The room was neat and tidy but where it stopped. The room service and housekeeping was terrible. They missed many things including replenishing coffee and cleaning the tiles in the entry. I had to call them back on a few occasions to do tings they had missed. Actually they didn't replenish the coffee for 10 days and missed the mini bar many other days too. The fridge wasn't cold enough and I had to order ice for the whole stay. At $280 a night (discounted), I have had to do this.I asked for direction at the Concierge Desk and they gave me the wrong directions on 3 separate occasions. I thought it might be my accent but I asked in Chinese (I'm Australian and I speak a little Chinese) NO I don't sound like the Crocodile Hunter ;-) my accent isn't strong so I was surprised. Even the Indian guy gave me the wrong directions. I said SUN TECH CITY, they heard something else. Anyway I went to the map and found out for myself, only after walking around the City in the heat but I got there in the end.The Internet service is about $30 a day and SLOW!!! They say it is broadband but It was horrible and I had to make a number of calls to get it sorted. Problems on their end BUT not the issue. It was more about the attitude of the receptionist who answered the phone at the Hotel when I complained. I was treated like some scumbag who was trying to get his money back, scraping to use the service and get a refund. I simply said the service broadband but it was resolved only after the IT Manger came to my room and called the Internet Company. The problem returned but I The breakfast was expensive, $27 plus tax for the cold buffet (cereal) and $37 + for the hot. When you arrive into the dining room the staff automatically generate an Invoice for the full buffet, I got caught out on this on a number of occasions and nearly signed off on it before I got it corrected.Overall, the issues I experienced should NOT have happened in this Hotel, not at this star rating and at this cost. I be staying at the Intercontinental Hotel Singapore again and I urge you to consider another Hotel, read the reviews and look elsewhere. Thanks Kristian (Shanghai China)

CAN DO BETTER The City Garden Hotel is comfortable but it is under renovation (Sept 2008) on floors 5 and 6 and moving up to the 15+ floors. I booked through Wotif and while I can often get a good deal from that engine they are so big now they are slipping with their discounts. I took the is booking a Hotel without knowing which one it is. I fgured it was City Garden as the description was exactly the same as the listed City Garden but I saved HK55. On arrival my deal said I would get the complimentory fruit basket and free drink but that never happened. Normally I mention it but I let it go until I cheked out and the receptionist went to a draw a got a few coupons. Something I use anyway as I was leaving, this was typical of the service, it was very lapsed. On arriving to the room I had a look around. There was a few black hairs in the bathroom and around the floor. A half full bottle of moisturizer was on the sink and when I went into the bedroom there was another black hair on the pillow, For a minute I sure the room was actually made up from the last guest. Apparently it was and this is the best they could offer. They really need to step up in the housekeeping department.I was told I have been upgraded to a suite but this room was NOT a suite, it was the only Non Smoking floor available. expect any views as this Hotel looks into the local neighbourhood. The MRT (subway) is 2 blocks away and a short walk. There are several 7 11 stores, Starbucks and a few other places to grab snacks and coffee. The breakfast in this Hotel is HK130 which is very expensive.Hong Kong is expensive in any currency, on par with Singapore. You really pay to be here so getting the best rate on a room is important. Best to shop around and look for an all inclusive deal. If you can get a room that is HK200 more with everything like breakfast and Internet then take it as the Internet in the City Garden is HK200 a day, the room was only HK550.This Hotel 4 star by western standards, more like 3. Be careful, shop around, you can do better then this Hotel. KP

Held Hostage at the Gran Melia My wife and I stayed at the Gran Melia as part of a conference. We've stayed in many nice resorts and hotels but we've never stayed in a resort that went so far out of it's way to take advantage of the guests. The illusion of luxury is little more than an overwrought resort experience lacquered over modern-day resort piracy.You begin your sentence with a $35/person shuttle to the resort. You can rent a car in San Juan but they charge you about $15-20 a day to park it. Each group's calculus may differ but we should have rented a car in San Juan. The Avis agency in the actual resort charged me a little over $70 to rent their subcompact for the day. In the end, the resort does everything they can to keep there, preferably running up your bar tab.The food was outrageously overpriced and not very good. Your dinner options include an Asian Fusion, Italian, and a sort of Caribbean themed Cafe. (During our stay one was closed each night) The portions were very small and the dishes, while very artistically plated, were substandard. I asked to see a wine list but was dismayed when A) half the wines were not actually available and B) the rest cost almost as much as my airfare. There's also atmosphere problems- you're not close enough to the ocean, the napkins are disposable, and since there's no casual (or cheaper) place for dinner, half the guests look like bums. Olive Garden or Red Lobster would have been a substantial improvement. The waitstaff was polite, but not very charismatic, helpful, knowledgeable, or experienced.While Gran Melia's grounds get high marks for being immaculate, it has atmosphere problems, too. No actual sand was harmed in the making of the beach. It's rocky, silty, and not great for swimming. A walk at dusk on the beach led us to discover hundreds of tiny hermit crabs which was enough to make my inner naturalist jump for joy. The pool is enormous, which is great, but there's no shade. After seeing the pool at the Rio Mar resort I realized how disappointing the Melia's sun-baked pool was. A hot tub/spa is available for those guests that wish to spend $28 for a one-day spa membership. Gran Melia's lodging sprawls across 16 different multi-room bungalows and a handful of more expensive villas. The rooms themselves are exquisite with marble tile and nice fixtures. The compounds are connected by paths that are adorned by tropical plants, immaculate bermudagrass, and endemic iguanas. (My wife and I found the large iguanas endearing but other guests were a little put off) I liked walking the paths but I grew weary of the golf carts that the staff used, buzzing through and roaring like B-29s while I dove for the bushes. The rooms were nice but there weren't bathrobes or sandals or any of the other sundries you might expect from true luxury establishments. Our unit's air conditioner only worked 50% of the time but I'm not a real A/C-o-phile so it didn't bother me that much. I imagine that it was a problem with our room and not with every room.The Casino was a little anemic-.a Casino without craps is like a prom date without a corsage- in bluejeans.Puerto Rico has SO MANY awesome things to do close together that I don't know why I would stay in a resort that penalized you for wanting to get out and see them on your own.Pros: Beautiful Grounds, RoomsCons: Food, Location, Beach, just about everything else.

concierge excellent, rooms boooo Well stayed there for a week 23rd dec till 29 dec 07.Good stuff first. Concierge were great booked us a very nice good quality restuarant on the 24th for dinner, also advised us well on everything we needed. Reception, bar area was nice and modern, the only problem was that the bar was a smoking area and for us that was a problem as the was no division between smoking and non smoking. The hotels location was great especially when you are arriving via train, just oppsite the train station and at the start of damark street. Room are ok ,but not a 4 star standard. Would recommend this hotel although for its location.

Avoid this grubby little hotel !!! I selected this hotel on the basis of a Trip Adviser review. A ghastly mistake. The hotel stank of durian, the room was a dark cell, there were pile drivers operating next door. When I said that the room was not suitable the desk clerk said bad luck we will charge you anyway - and they did when I moved out. AVOID AT ALL COST - there are many reasonable hotels in this area of China Town - ALL better than the Keong Saik !!!!!!!!!

Cramped, Not Very Clean And Aircon Did Not Work Booked in desperation after leaving the Keong Saik Hotel nearby. A better choice but the rooms are small, the aircon did not work and the room was not very clean. There are better choices in the area

Best Hotel In London (But Not Cheap) A wonderful hotel. Great staff, excellent facilities, maginifIcent location. Only slightly marred by an airconditioner which would not keep the room cool.

Nice hotel but dont buy tickets through them Nice clean Hotel, friendly generally helpful staff, convenient location, only dissapointment, when I asked about buying tickets to see FC Barcelona, receptionist told me this could be done by them, ticket price was 80 Euros per ticket, this included delivery fee, when they arrived the face value of the ticket was 48Euros ! a delivery fee of 32Euros per ticket, a complete rip off.

Good for what we wanted This was our 3rd and last stay in our tour of California. The service was fine and the bar at the top floor was brilliant. Me and my mates quiet happily went for some nice drinks and A*** food most nights. The location was a bit annoyly so only go there if your hiring a car. Vallet parking was efficient and worked well. Pool area was classy and modern, sometimes you seemed a bit too enclosed though. But it's not supposed to be a 2 weeks beach holiday resort. It was great. Not perfect.

Great Location. All in all a great hotel. GREAT LOCATION for pretty much every site in San Francisco. The shopping district was a short bus route away. Hop on a tour bus and get a good look at the whole city. It's fantastic. The breakfast was standard, it was a nice change to actually see a hotel in America doing complimentary breakfasts. The rooms were standard and comfortable. Clean and staff were friendly.

Awesome experience! With my past Hyatt hotel experiences, this one has by far been the best. I have stayed in the Hyatt @ The Wharf and The Hyatt San Francisco Airport. We decided to valet the car with the hotel but from now on I think I will park next door because of the $25 difference. Check-in was a breeze and the hotel had a great feel to it. There was construction right by the check in desk but I had no idea there was until we started to go up the elevators. They have made it look like there is no sign of construction with temporary walls. I am intrigued to see what it looks like when they complete it.I booked the room through Hotwire and was a little skeptical at first but could not have been more pleased. The views we had were amazing! Great pictures of the Bay Bridge and the Embarcadero from our room.The room was normal size but I really liked the furniture placement and bed placement. The bed looked out into the window/balcony?? It does not have windows but has sliding glass doors that open up almost all the way. The one and only thing I like about the room was the bathroom setup. know what it was but I just was not feelin it. You must go down to Bagels for breakfast when you visit. Great coffee and great bagels! It is basically located at the base of the hotel. There are a string of shops/ cafes along the base.I will definitely be coming back to this hotel!

Great Hotel! View @ daytime.

Disappointing Stay in Seattle Nothing fancy, in fact a bit cramped, not well laid out and located out of the way. Definitely not a walking destination to/from downtown or the seattle center. Was disappointing for a Marriott product.

Shopping, Dining The Grand Hyatt Seattle is one classy place. My honey and I stayed 3 nights and enjoyed everything about it. Clean and wonderfully appointed. The enormous bathroom and soaking tub, the fitness gym, on-site restaurants and location next to shops and cafes galore couldn't have been better. The brief walk to the bay and Pikes Market - wow!!! Highly recommend this one to couples needing a break from the rat race.

Stretch out at the Stanford Court A wonderful place for a romantic get-away. Don't bring your car. Take BART from SFO or OAK to the Embarcadero Station. Walk 1/2 block to the California Street cable car line. Take it to the top of the world's greatest view and, alas, the hotel is on your left. Great, attentive service. 12,000 restaurants, amazing walks and Giants baseball just a taxi or cable car ride away. I suggest the Cosmopolitan Cafe and Morton's for dinner.

Monte Carlo Suite Wow -- from the moment you enter the spacious suite and find yourself smiling at the bright colorful draperies and linens, comfortable furnishings and wonderful touches with Aveda products, mint chocolates and leopard print robes -- to the peace and quiet the room and its placement afford -- you know that you have chosen well. What a great place to spend with your honey. What a great, central location to shopping, theater, restaurants and the stadiums. I would do it again in a heartbeat!

Really Run Down Stayed here at airline's expense after a late plane caused me to miss a connection. Not a bargain even free. Lobby is O.K. and staff pleasant, but rooms are really run down. Shower drain so slow bathtub half filled with water during shower. Definitely don't pay to stay here.

Best place to stay in Hong Kong Amazing Tower in the middle of traditional Hong Kong. Rooms small but perfect. Nice furniture, nice people. You get for your money. It's not a budget hotel but it is better than other more expensive. A real boutique hotel.Need only to improve breakfast.

Perfect The selection of a Tokyo hotel can be tricky given the size of the city. The Cerulean Tower Tokyu Hotel is located in Shibuya and after having stayed here for 4 nights I believe it is perfectly located for exploring Tokyo's neighbouring Wards.All that has been previously written about this hotel I totally agree with. Firstly the hotel is easily accessed from Narita by the Airport Limousine Bus - its a door to door service and it took roughly 1 hour 20 minutes in each direction. The Cerulean is one of only 2 hotel drop off points for Shibuya. The Cerulean has an impressive entrance and grand foyer which is ultra minimalistic in its design. Huge windows look onto a formal Japanese garden - it all makes for a wonderful first impression. Check in is brisk and efficient. We also used the Concierge several times and the staff were all friendly and knowledgeable. Rooms are located from floors 19 to 37 and this is the selling point for this property - all have incredible panoramic views from large windows. All of Tokyo seems layed out before you. They are nicely fitted out in the less is more Japanese style and are quite spacious by Japanese standards. The bathrooms are also generously proportioned. Lastly - the hotel is within quick walking distance to Shibuya Railway Station and the famed Shibuya Crossing which has be seen to be believed.

Understated Some years back I attended a wedding at the Santika Beach Resort and decided that one day I would return and stay there. This hotel is delightful - it occupies an absolute beachfrount location in Tuban and it the thing I liked most about it is that it has a relaxed and understated feel about it - unlike the hotels that sit either side of it which are done in the Balinese more is more style.Much has already been said about the Santika gardens - they are indeed beautiful and well kept. I stayed in a Premier Room - these are housed in a seperate wing from the main complex - its very quiet. The rooms are furnished simply yet are tasteful - I loved the split level design. There are 2 pools - one in the Premier Wing and a main pool that looks to have been done recently. My only negative comment is that breakfast was just ok. I have stayed at several properties in Bali and all offered a way better breakfast selection. But this in the scheme of things is a minor fault. My onl

Great Value Lets just put things into perspective. You get what you pay for. Having visited Sydney more times than I can count and stayed in all manner of hotels with varied star ratings, I can honestly say I liked the Kirketon very much.I had a Standard Room and yes it was small but stylish nonethless. The bathroom was particularly interesting with creative lighting. Having a cd player, video and walk in wardrobe was also nice. Lobby is small and the bar and restaurant are currently closed which is no bother cause you are in Sydney's best dining precinct. Staff were fantastic. Friendly and well informed. For what they are charging you cannot beat it.

Good Hotel. Great Location My wife and I have just returned from a weekend break at this hotel. The location is great. Step out through the hotel entrance and you are right in the centre of this energetic and stylish city. Step back though the door to escape the same! We booked a Superior Design Ramblas View room. These are on their own Royal floor. They are modern and stylish, but the room we had was small. There was no separate bath tub, but the shower room was excellent. Overall for our short stay we were happy with our room. Noise insulation from the bustle of Las Ramblas was very good, which had the downside of making the internal noise of the hotel more noticable on ocassion. On the Royal floor is a small lounge area of a few tables and chairs with some complimentary Cava, Tea, and Mineral Water. We enjoyed a glass, or two, of Cava before we went out for the evening. We had breakfast in the Hotel, which unsurprisingly is more expensive than you can find at local cafes. The breakfast room over looking Las Ramblas was pleasant, and the buffet breakfast offered a good choice. The staff were polite, professional, and very helpful. When we return to Barcelona we will stay at this hotel again.

Good Quality Hotel in a great location We stayed at the Sofitel for a long week-end, our first trip to New York. Whilst acknowledging the Hotel's French ownership, I found being greeted in French upon our arrival in New York in the early hours of the morning, a little bizarre and pretentious. But then I'm English so French is not going to be my cup of tea! The Sofitel is a good quality hotel with a sense of style. The rooms are modern, and well equipped. The bathrooms are very good with a separate shower stall, and bath. The baths are a bit shallow for a good soak. The beds are very comfortable. The rooms are quiet, albeit the air-con was a bit noisy when it cut-in. Staff are very helpful and polite. The Bar is very pleasant, with good service. We did not dine in the restaurant, prefering instead to go out and choose from the many, and varied restaurants within easy walking distance. Like others we would reccommend the Red Flame Diner, just a few doors a long the street. You may have to queue for a few minutes at breakfast time due the its popularity with both locals and visitors - but it's well worth the brief wait. The waitresses are great and work hard, so tip them well. The Hotel is situated adjacent to the Thearte District between 5th and 6th Avenue so it is ideally placed for exploring. We walked from the hotel to Times Square, Central Park, Maceys, Bloomingdales, and the Museum of Modern Art, amongst other places. As I have not stayed at other New York hotels I cannot say how it compares to them. However, compared to other hotels I have stayed at in other countries it scores well, and we would have no hesitation in returning to the Sofitel.

Nice hotel, quiet location Stayed here for 3 nights in OCtober, hotel was modern and clean.Room was a good size with all amenities although the safe did not work, however was able to keep documents in reception safeBreakfast OK but nothing special, staff helpful, small pool but not busy at this time of the year.Quiet location but near to beach and Port Olympic where there are a good range of restaurants.If you buy a tourist bus ticket itis worth knowing that there is a bus stop on the blue route only 200 m away from the hotel, so transport into and from the centre is easy and cheap

414 Inn - not bad! We stayed here for six nights in December 2004. The clientele book mostly via the web, usually using hotels. There are a fair number of international visitors, as well as folks who would have been in youth hostels a few years ago. The location is great - just west of Ninth. The buffet breakfast is OK - but be warned, the eats go fast! The stairway is steep (OSHA compliant?) and there is no elevator - be warned again. The rooms are SMALL, but clean. Somehow, the same level of cleanliness does not apply to the stairway carpets or the lobby (I use the term loosely). The staff said they planned to renovate the lobby after Christmas (it needs it badly!). The radiator in the bedroom had no controls, so we had to open the window to cool things down (in December!). One bar of soap to schlep between the sink and the shower. Bottom line, a reasonable value (NYC hotel prices have gone through the roof lately). Would we stay there again? No, thanks.

Still a wonderfull resort. Francisco give the best service

Loved the Mercure - Have stayed before and will stay again Have stayed at the Mercure during my previous visits to Sydney and it has never let me down. Location is excellent, adjacent to public transport and great food in nearby Chinatown.Staff friendly as always and beds are comfy. Great water pressure in the showers.Swimming pool (indoor) can get a little cool in during the winter months. Great gym facilities.100% recommend!

A regular for us. Amazing value. Our third stay at this hotel and it has never let us down. Great beds, great balconies, great breakfast, great staff, great location, great value etc. Fantastic pool. Amazing value for money.

Breezes was OK Being my first trip the the caribbean I wasn't quite sure what to expect at BReezes Punta Cana (9-16 Nov.). The rooms were of average quality but with come intermittent plumbing issues during our say (apparently some heavy rainfalls had overloaded the system). The property overall was well laid-out and large enough that you could get away from the bar or the beach depending on your mood. The food was average, The Paris restaurant was excellent, and the buffet was good too but I found the Italian restaurant to be sub-par. The pasta sauce tasted exactly the same at the tomato soup appetizer. The beach was great, with lots of waves and white sand and the pool was clean and the kids tended to stick to one end. I had no problem with the language barriers and the staff were pleasent enough. The disco was a great evening out though after the third night there the music began to repeat itself quite a bit. If you don't like Latin music or Rap/Reggae, you won't like the disco. Overall, the best parts would be the beach and the property in general, while the food could use a little work.Also, they say don't tip the bartender, but if you want prompt service and premium brands then you might want to find a regular bartender and slip him a couple of dollars every few days.

Good Location, Good Rooms. Just Returned from a 3 week Holiday in Ausralia.12 April to 1 st May 08 Our first visit..! week Melbourne and Area. Great.1 week Travelodge Wyngard Sydney, very good for location,Rooms better than I expected,ask for the back as quieter..Very busy place with tours coming and going. Breakfast buffet very good but expensive 20au$ pp. Plenty of other places nearby.Much to do and see in Sydney.The Sydney Explorer Bus to Watsons Bay/Gap Great views,( the famous Fish and Chips!, Rubbish) then to Bondi.Very disappointed,but the walk around the headland toTamarama and Bronte Beach was the Highlight.Good day out.3rd week to Port Douglas, Bueatiful. Clean, Green,open spaces,only 3 storey buildingsMax. The trip to the Barrier Reef great.We went on the Poseidon boat,wow what service,good food and really looked after.Nothing was too much trouble for the staff.Stayed at the Macossan House.just back of the main street.Very good clean apartment.highly recommended.

Great base for exploring the city San Francisco was the first stop on our West Coast tour and the Grand Hyatt proved to be a great choice for us. We had a room high up with fantastic views to the South and over-looking Union Square (we also arrived at the end of Fleet Week so had a great air display as we got settled in). The Hyatt beds were really comfy, the rooms were clean, the concierge was helpful and knowledgeable, and the location was ideal - pretty much all we needed. We never really eat at hotels and we actually found the walk through Chinatown and into the Italian area of North Beach (around Columbus Ave area) pretty simple. We ate at a decent place in Chinatown and also a couple of nice places in North Beach and also ate right near the hotel at Morton's steak house which was excellent.The hotel is also well located for the cable car which runs up the hill (Powell St) from Market St and if you jump on here you avoid the queues at the bottom. This takes you up to the top of Lombard St (crooked) and all the way to Fisherman's Wharf.By the way - hire bikes and cycle along coast and over the bridge to Sausalito (well worth it - you can always get ferry back).

3 Star Hotel with poor Royal Service Plan I stayed at the Gran Melia Reforma and booked the Master Suite with the Royal Service Plan. The Royal Service Plan includes continental breakfast, snacks, and cocktails from 6-8pm. The service also has a private check-in and check-out on the 12th floor. The complaints I have is that I didn't get the service which I paid for. I was tipping extra on room service when I found out at check-out that I was being charged for tip everytime I ordered. The breakfast was really bad, they should go visit the Marquis Reforma and get some tips from their breakfast buffett!! On the Royal Service lounge, they only have one PC for internet access. The only person that was professional and courteous was Elizabeth and Thank You soo much for your understanding. I was traveling with my wife and kids 3yr old daugher and 19 month old son. Anyone traveling to Mexico City should look up the JW Marriott and the Marquis Reforma. I have other complaints about the Royal Service Staff that I will not go into.

Great resort and Amazing Staff! Ocean

Surprised! I stay in San Francisco for business quite often but usually at one of the Hyatt's or Hiltons. These were not available so after reading the reviews I decided to give it a try. I was surprised that the service described by some was not present during my stay. I had reserved a Royal Court Room but was given a standard room which was run down in comparison. Also, they refused to lower my rate to the standard room rate which was $30.00 less when I originally booked. While there I misplaced a credit card which the staff was nice enough to check my room while I was at the office and report back to me that they had found it. Other than that I did not have the experience that most reviewers did , guess it is back to the giants (Hyatt @Embarcedero)

Very good View from 15th floor

Perfect location, Crummy clerks... I come to N.O. every year and I try to stay in a different location each time, and I would rate this place as average. First, the location is just about as good as it gets and the building itself is interesting and quite historic. The downside is that, apart from the nice and knowledgeable consierge, the staff is sub-par. Also, some of the smaller rooms on the upper floors have paper thin walls. Good value for about 100 bucks per night though.

Amazing!!! View from our room

Fantastic Hotel! Given that it was around New Years and Hotels were generally expensive my wife and I were extremely happy the location and facilities this Hotel provides.It is approximately 5 minutes walk to both Times Square and Herald Square (Macys) which is ideal for those who are concerned with Shopping.The room was quite spacious for Manhattan and was very clean. The Lobby was small but provided Tea/Coffee facilities and free Internet which was an added bonus.I would recommend this hotel to anyone going to New York, in particular if they are looking to be central while not compromising on the quality of the rooms.All in all a great hotel!

Overall good, some problems Stayed for one night, and was generally pleased. We arrived on a late-night flight, so did not check in until about 2am. The front desk clerk was friendly, and the room clean and spacious when we arrived. Unfortunately, when we attempted to go to bed, the sleep number bed would not inflate. After changing rooms at 3am (not really a pleasant thing to have to do), the new bed worked. Once in the new room, called the front desk to request a wake-up call and a late (2pm) check-out. We did not receive our wake-up call, and our late check-out was not documented. Overall impressions: The public areas and rooms have been recently renovated and are attractive and spacious. The rooms are clean. The pool is located next to a freeway offramp, and the deck area around it is very small - not the best experience, but acceptable for an airport hotel. I see that an earlier review also mentioned non-functioning sleep-number beds, I would recommend checking the bed as soon as you arrive. The front desk staff was friendly, if not overly effective.

Terrible hotel, great location Stayed at the Stanford Court earlier this year through a priceline purchase. Paid $110/night, which was great for that area. First the good - location is amazing. Great fun to walk down to Union Square, then take the cable car back. Close to everything, and great views (from some of the rooms). Now the bad - the hotel obviously has not been renovated in more than 15 years - totally unacceptable for a supposed 4 star property. The walls in between guest rooms were paper thin - had to spend two nights listening to our neighbor's conversation. I refused to walk barefoot on the carpet, it was so disgusting. The entire room (and most public areas) felt like I was staying at my grandmother's musty, old, dated house. If I had paid anything near normal price, I would have taken one look and left. There are much, much nicer hotels in the area - spend your money somewhere else!

Dreadful experience in exhorbitantly priced budget hotel We booked this hotel for two nights through Expedia.com at a cost of $342.00 per night for what turned out to be a budget hotel. On arrival no assistance was available to help with the luggage and we had to look for a luggage trolley to bring our luggage to our room. Rooms were clean and adequate, if somewhat drab and location was good. However, the exorbitant price we paid for the room was not reflected in any way whatsoever in the room or service. It might be reasonable value at a third of the price we paid. Free internet (2 PCs provided) was supplied but was not working on our first night. As with most San Francisco hotels, car parking is expensive and at $44.00 per night, this hotel was no exceptionBreakfast was a complete fiasco on both mornings and we cannot understand how other reviewers spoke so favourably about it. People mobbed around the self-service breakfast area and had to use cardboard trays, plastic knives and forks as well as paper cups and plates. Food variety and standards were poor with service very bad and with a large number of guests milling around, the queue for food was very slow. There was nowhere to sit to eat breakfast with all tables used up, other guests using all lounge chairs in the foyer of the hotel whilst the remainder had no choice but to carry their breakfast to their rooms. Without any doubt this was the most astonishingly dreadful breakfast experience we have had in nearly 40 years of staying in hotels around the world. Our stay at this hotel was an unbelievable experience, an absolute disgrace at any price but at $342.00 per night it was appalling.

First Class Hotel Stayed at The Handlery with my wife and two teenage kids for 5 nights. We asked for and got interconnecting rooms, one with a double bed the other twin beds. Both rooms were large and well equipped. The bathrooms were of a reasonable size.The hotel was very clean and well decorated throughout. We made good use of the swimming pool and sauna during our visit.The hotel Grill Bar was great for a well earned drink after a long days sightseeing and the restuarant provided an excellent evening meal.The staff were always helpful and the conceirge provided excellent advice as to other good places to eat and visit. We had breakfast in 'Lefties' right next door, excellent food at a good price.The Handlery is very well situated in the Theatre District just yards from Union Square, giving good access to shops and the Cable Cars.Only negative was the price of parking - $36 overnight - but I learnt there were other much cheaper alternatives very close by.During our vacation we stayed at 5 different hotels on the West and East Coast and this was the best all round Hotel. An excellent Hotel which I would not hestitate to visit again or recommend to others.

Modern and upscale but lacking in some areas Room was large, with a modern design, spacious layout, great lighting, and flat-panel TV. The bathroom had a tub and a separate shower. There was no view, our window faced another building, we could hear delivery trucks in the morning, and loud bangs of the doors by the service people. On the first night there was no turn-down service (it was Sunday), on the second day room service did not leave enough toiletries (they said they ran out of them). The biggest disadvantage was the lack of in-room tea/coffee maker. Front-desk informed us that they are available to rent for 30$ per stay, and the reason for their absence was that the hotel was trying to position itself as a luxury brand on par with Ritz-Carlton and Four Seasons. A note about the gym - it is pretty spacious and has good equipment. There is also a small pool. Location is good with a short walking distance to South Water station, and 15 min walk to Tremont Street. A number of coffee shops, including Peet's and Starbucks are in the adjacent business district, and there is a good seafood restaurant across the bridge from the hotel.

Wonderful hotel My wife and I stayed here for two nights on the 7th 8th of September and absolutely loved it. We had a canal view room which I would highly recommend. The room was very nice and good sized as was the bath. There was a mini bar and nice toiletries for the bathroom, also houseslippers. The staff was excellent with very good English skills. The breakfast was not outstanding but was good by European standards. The hotel is right across the canal from the railroad station with a gondola station right in front of the hotel for 100 euros which was cheaper than the main tourist areas. An easy and delightful walk to the sights but be prepared to get lost, thats half the fun. We plan on staying here again on our next trip.

Very nice hotel Stayed here in early September and liked it very much. Only steps from the Ponte Vecchio bridge. The room was very nice as was the bath. The staff was excellent and spoke very good English. The restaurant/bar was very nice with great views. There was also an outside terrace adjoining the restaurant with awesome views of the city. Breakfast was very good. We would definitley stay here again.

great location My wife and I stayed at the Chancellor Feb 11 to Feb 15 and loved it. We had a corner room, which I think may be a little larger, and found it to be very nice with a view toward Union Square. We were able to watch the Chinese New Years parade from our window. The hotel is very convenient to all the tourist locations and the cable car runs right outside the hotel. We walked to Chinatown easily and there are lots of restaurants and shopping within a few blocks of the hotel. The staff was very pleasant and helpful. All in all, a very good value for the price.

Great Accommodation with a reasonable price I went to Hong Kong to see a friend who was there for a study abroad program. I stayed a week and I must say this place is such a great place to stay. Room and bathroom were small but that's ok. There was a TV with 2 english channels on it, the beds were nice, and the place as a whole made up for it greatly. There was excellent service at the front desk and they made it so easy for me with the english they spoke very well. Shuttle was always on time and the maid tidied up the room every day. Bellman will push the elevator button for you and direct you out to the shuttle bus when it arrived. If I had any shopping, direction, or nightlife question they were always helpful by pulling out a map and pointing out all they knew (which was alot).They called taxis for me (one time the guest service guy went all the way up the road just to flag one down for me)! I was so very pleased with my stay and would stay there over and over again. Be careful, though, It's in Olympic City which is not an area where many other westerners stay. The place is still VERY safe, and was never in any worry that anything would be stolen. I was pretty much the only westerner at the hotel. But a 5 min. shuttle ride will get you to an MTR metro station which will open the doors to anywhere you want to go in Kowloon or Hong Kong Island. It's SUPER cheap! So are the taxis, but more expensive than the MTR.On the food end, there is a McDonalds just down the road, but who wants to go there? When you're in HK, do as the HKese do and eat at a local restaurant. There is a place very close by, to the left of the 7eleven I always called the Hot Pot place because it's real name was written in chinese, but it had THE best food from Vietnames, Chinese, and Indian you could get it there. Plus the bakery shops are also another thing to die for. I kept getting the raisin bread twists that were always sold there.Nightlife...not in Olympic City or the surrounding area. Take the MTR to TST (in Kowloon) or Central station (on HK island) and enjoy the nightlife there, it'll only cost you about $2 US to get you there and it's quick. Only trouble I had here was getting back. The MTR closes at 12:30am and to get back after that time you had to take a taxi. I was either in TST or on HK Island so to get back to my hotel it usually ran me between $4.50 US and $15 US depending on just how far away I was from my hotel.I would definitely stay here again without a hesitation.

Ritz Carlton, home away from home Just spent one week at the Ritz Carlton on business. First, the staff is top notch. Everyone was warm, helpful and professional. The rooms are spacious and comfortable I did not hear anything from my neighbors in the week I was here. To previous postings, yes, you do get road noise (some honking, braking, etc), but hey, this is a city, so that goes with the territory. The bed was very comfortable. For us, Nob Hill was close enough to Convention center, restaurants and shopping, but far enough away from the more crowded streets below. A special thanks to Robert the Concierge and the housekeeping staff. The breakfast buffet is very good, albeit expensive. The only complaint is that the fitness facility is small, dark and has limited equipment. The pool, however, is very nice.

Fantastic Hotel a Little Far Out The staff at this hotel are amazing, the rooms are a step above the average, and the property well maintained. Need an umbrella? The front desk has those. There's no need to pack one. Need directions? Just ask at the desk, they know the way. Want something to eat? There are plenty of great local restaurants a short tram ride away. The neighborhood is completely 100% safe and quiet. The hotel is a short 2.5 blocks from the Apollolan tram stop. Cabs seem to be always at the ready during normal hours.... Also - kudos to the housekeeping staff. We were very late in leaving our room on some days and the staff always had the room ready when we returned. Turn down service was prompt and efficient. The rooms were spotless.This is the type of property to book if you don't want to stay in the loud and rowdy downtown area. I honestly don't know how anyone gets any sleep in some of the properties downtown. That isn't a problem here. The proximity to the Apollolan tram stop means you can be at the museum district in 5 minutes after boarding a tram, downtown in 10 minutes. Remember that trams stop running at 12:30 at night, so budget a 20 Euro Cab Ride and you'll make it back fine. Tell the cabbie Apollolan Tram Stop and they'll get you there. Finally, if flying out early in the morning inform the front desk and they'll have a cab for you. The price is $33 euros to be taken directly to the airport - a bargain when you're in a rush. Plan to leave for the airport 2-2.5 hours before your flight. It's a 15 minute drive. As for the room decor - somewhat chic. The pillows were too soft and large for my taste, but very nice nonetheless. Also, if you want two beds you might need to rearrange the furniture as the room we stayed in had two twins that were pushed together to make a king. We moved the nightstand, seperated the beds by putting a nightstand between them, and everything worked out. I am certain the hotel would have done so if we had asked. This was one instance where it was easier to do it ourself and much faster than calling for assistance. I do this often in foreign countries and it seems to work fine everytime.

Raffles - The Best Hotel in the World ! During January February we stayed at the Chedi in Muscat, The Observatory in Sydney, Palazzo Versace on Brisbane's Gold Coast, Hamilton Island's beach club, and finally Raffles. Raffles was simply head and shoulders above the others, word's cannot do justice to this great place, I think you have to experience Raffles for yourself, even if it's for one night.... We stayed 4 nights in a Courtyard suite per night including breakfast in the Tiffin room. Everything about this hotel is first class, you are absolutely treated like royalty from the moment you arrive to the moment you leave. The period suite was a gem, seperate 'parlour' with dining area, comfy chairs and writing desk. Forget sending postcards, send letters using the Raffles retro stationary. The butlers call button in the parlour (I kid you not) was answered within 5 minutes and the delightful staff attentively dealt with any request.The Long bar and customary Singapore Sling is a bit touristy but it's better when it's on the house (nice surprise) and as a guest you are made to feel special. Got the obligatory Tiffany bracelet and ring for my wife Shaney as it was Valentines day and had a lovely Valentines dinner in the Grill. The absolutely superb piano playing and occasional gospel singing by 'Jimmy' which echoed around the restauraunt was an absolute delight. On our last morning we had breakfast by the rooftop pool (available 1 hour after Tiffin room stops serving) which was served by none other than 'Joe Louis', a very affable fellow ! We did venture out to Long Beach for some tasty Black Pepper Crab but apart from that and a visit to the excellent Mall across from Raffles, we hardly left the hotel. Had a couples exfoliation/steam/jacuzzi massage in the Spa which was a very romantic affair and was similarly priced to the Chedi. To say that our suite was around per night more than the other hotels we stayed on this trip and the Raffles suite was much larger than the others, I thought it was great value. A memorable experience which we'll be looking forward to repeating in the future - we'll be back !!

A Hotel to Return to Main Tower bathroom

Felt better than home for two weeks! We spent a long time researching Florence hotels for our 2-week 50th anniversary stay in Florence. What a find! This is a wonderful hotel because of: large, welcoming lobby and bar area with all leather couches and chairs and live gardenia plants; outstandingly helpful front desk staff who served like concierges; two elevators; fantastic location directly on the Arno River and close to nearly all attractions; outstanding, large breakfast room with great variety ofhot and cold foods and superb croissants, white table cloths changed after each table use, uniformed servers for variety of breakfast beverages including cappucino, fresh flowers on each table; a terrific deluxe large room with two huge windows that opened onto the Arno with the Ponte Vechhio close in sight, with a large all marble bathroom,wonderful housekeeping and flexible lighting; a delightful roof garden; close proximity to many good restaurants and trattorias (preferred family-run eateries); in-room safe; and much more. We'll never stay anywhere else in Florence. Only drawback: flat pillows.

One of the best Resorts in Punta Cana After reading some of the bad reviews, I'm certain that some people will complain no matter what.We (Me, My Wife and 16 year Old Son) stayed at Dreams Punta Cana from April 27th till May 04 2008. This was our 3rd trip to DR. We stayed at Iberostar Punta Cana and RIU Palace Macao before, and Dreams was by far nicest of 3.RIDE TO THE RESORTThis resort is at the very end of Bavaro Resort district so the ride is about an hour if you don't have to make any stops. Our bus stopped twice on the way, so it took us almost 1hr and 20min. Ride is very bumpy at times, but this was our 3rd time so we expected that.Iberostar and RIU is at least 40 minutes shorter ride.CHECK-INThere was a lot of people checking in at the time we arrived, so we had to wait for about 20minutes. I emailed the concierge with the room request (Building 1 close to the Beach), but we didn't get it. So that was little upsetting. But they gave us a new room next day so if you'll ask they will try to help you as much as they can.ROOMSWe stayed at 2nd floor Deluxe Room with pool view. Room is little on the small side, but not tiny as some people claimed. We had 2 double beds and pull out couch. Room, bathroom and all furnishing are in like new shape.BEACH AND POOLBeach is very wide. Cleaned everyday. With many chars and cabanas. But if you want nice shady spot, you have to get there before 8AM. There are many rocks in the water so you have to be careful.Now the pool is just huge, with tons of chairs and umbrellas, so even thou resort was full it never felt crowded.FOOD AND DRINKSDreams has 7 Restaurants (French, Mexican, Seafood, Steak House, Italian, Japanese and Chinese and Buffet) plus Beach Grill and Fruit Stand during the day. You don't have to make morning reservations to the restaurants, but if they full they give out beepers that work in a whole resort and they call you when your table is ready. I think it works great. We tried all the restaurants except Italian and Chinese and they were all very good.As for drinks you have many top shelf liqueurs to choose from plus many beers (like Heineken or Coors Lite).ENTERTAINMENT STUFFAs with many other resorts you had plenty of games and entertainment during the day at the main pool and beach area.Plus nightly shows at 9:30PM, Disco at 10:30 and Casino until 3AMLots of very attending Stuff, waitresses waking on the beach taking drinks orders, plenty of pool bars etcIn summary, great resort with amazing pool and great beach. very good food and attending stuff.All in all we had an amazing vacation and would choose this resort again in a heartbeat.

Be Fine Prompted by a Red Sox ticket offer from some friends and a day at the Science Museum thrown into the mix we decided an overnight in town would make the adventure easier. To be honest the Westin was not our first pick, nor was it the second, or third even the top 10, but with a week left to reserve a room before the game date it quickly became our only choice. I was surprised at not just the room prices on Boston, but also the availability or lack there of. not sure if it was a busy weekend, but we tried everywhere online and via telephone for a booking. I can say that there were no conventions that I was aware of during our stay. From the experience of our stay that may have changed our overall experience. After reading reviews I was a bit apprehensive as to what to expect from the place that had now become our weekend default. We are low key, no fuss family of four.The Weston is easy to find and easy to drive to. There are 4 levels of underground parking. You do not have to use valet parking. You can drive directly into the garage and self-park within steps to the elevators to the lobby. The garage was a bit of a tight fit with a full size truck. There would have been a problem if I did not have a couple of spaces to pick from. We checked in late on a Saturday and there were approximately by my count 15 spaces left. There is other your parking lots nearby and possibly some on street. There should be no parking fears here. The cost of parking for our one overnight stay was $30 and we were able to remain parked until 6pm the day of checkout. We were advised to keep our room key, swipe it and deposit it on our way out the gate. That came in handy as the game was to end sometime late in the afternoon. BTW a cab to Fenway Park from the Westin cost $15.00Check-in process was done in reasonable time. There was a good size line when we checked in. It took about 15 minutes. The lobby however, is a great space. Plenty of seating, tastefully decorated, with a bar and a much needed albeit a more expensive Starbucks than at home. On the converse, check-out was a snap. I say that having not seen a all the charges applied, hidden or otherwise. We did not require any additional services.We called the hotel directly for reservations. The room was a Double/Double 14th floor facing the Cruise terminal and the end of the Logan runways. Plenty to look at if you wish to sit and catch your breath for a few. I do wish a Queen/Queen was available for our stay. The room was well furnished in a contemporary styling, great bedding, nice carpet and window treatment. I will say the addition of flat screen televisions have made any room seem bigger and more stylish. There were plenty of channels that kept us well entertained and informed. The AC worked well although it seemed a bit loud. A steady woosh of air out of the vent was much like that of a large fan. This did cancel out most of the hallway noise that tends to be prevalent on a busy weekend, but it did not cover up the door closings or slammings as mentioned by other reviewers. Noise wise, it was far from what could be considered dead quiet. The bathroom was great. Full lighting, Kohler fixtures, double shower heads, very easy to use. As mentioned in a previous review there is no bath fan only a vent that provides natural draft venting. Skeptical I was, but it does work for odors and steam, it just may take a bit longer. There was one bathrobe in this room that was available for use. The iron in this room was broken and would not heat. The family raved about the pool and hot tub. Both were used on two separate days. Use room key to enter the pool area, towels provided there, kid friendly (parental supervision) and if not mistaken accessible 24hrs. We decided not to eat at the restaurant in the lobby. This decision was gauged on our energy level and the appearance that it may have been too expensive for its value. Based on a few recommendations we walked (10min) to Salvatores, who but the way, serve colossal portions. Good food, well worth it and the foot traffic in the area seemed livelier than everyone has mentioned. It felt like a generally safe area. The next morning we opted for a quick bite and a latte at Starbucks instead of a sit down or eat-in breakfast. Overall I would now consider the Westin our without fault, default. Not at the airport, not near Fenway or Quincy Market BUT, we got great a value that suited our need. Based on the savings we saw compared to the other hotel offerings, of the less of a hindrance when balanced with its cost. Quite clean, still new looking, well kept common areas and I thought the room was very well cleaned. What ever notions or hesitations you may have about staying here all we can say is, Be We would not hesitate to stay again in the future.

Excellent hotel I stayed in the MP in July 2005 and found it to be an excellent hotel. The room was spacious, clean, and well-appointed. The mattress was a bit firm for my taste, but it wasn't uncomfortable. The location was good, a short walk to the Xidan subway station and shopping area. It's about a mile west of Tiananmen Square. Since a subway ticket is about 30 cents and taxis are quite cheap and efficient, location may or may not be a major factor, however. Service was very attentive and courteous. The facilities (pool, gym, jacuzzi, locker room, Cafe Marco) were very nice. I would stay in this hotel again.

Great Hotel and Great Location canal

[----] Hole! Absolute Dive. Lost our reservation, didn't help find alternative accom, rude rude rude staff! Ended up staying on cousins couch in same hotel, which they tried to charge us for! Room was a disgrace for any hotel let alone one that claims 4 stars. Would never ever stay there again! Total [----] hole! Don't do it no matter how desperate!

Good Location and a little different Cheapest place by far to book this hotel is through the BA Website.This hotel is in a great location and only one block from the Empire State Building and two minutes from Maceys. We have just spent three nights there and found the Art Deco styling a pleasant change from the normal US hotel rooms. The continental breakfast is good with a choice of cereal, muffins, begels, toast, yogurt and fruit. Free tea and coffee are served all day which was a nice touch (although it meant no in-room facilities).The staff were efficient and polite although not over friendly apart from the doorman Mathew who was always smiling and very helpful. If you like Chineses food the restaraunt a couple of doors along is reasonable and frequented predominently by oriental patrons (it's the one that does display the prices and is nearest to the hotel)New York is always noisy but be aware that there is some construction work going on adjacent to the hotel which will impact on your rest if you want a lie in, we were up by 06:30 and out fairly swiftly so were not affected.Finally, skip the trip to the top of the Empire state building and go to the Rockerfeller building (Top of the Rock) after dark and enjoy a far better view, and you get to see the Empire State Building all lit up.

Older but clean Overall, this was a good place to spend a night. The staff was very friendly. Maybe a little brief, and quick, but that may just be a Southerner's experience in Boston. The hotel itself looked relatively old, and not in the charming, historic, Boston way. It was obvious once I was inside that this wasn't just on the outside. The room was definitely older, but very clean, with upgraded shampoo and lotion. The New England coffee (roasted in MA) was also a nice touch, especially for tourists, although you can only do so much with a pre-packaged bag of ground coffee. There were maybe 15 channels on the TV, including HBO, and free wi-fi in the room. My room (two doubles) also had a desk and three chairs. The bed was relatively firm, although not uncomfortable, and there was a thermostat that controlled the heat, but not the A/C. The fan in the exhaust duct rattled during startup and shutdown, but otherwise wasn't too loud. I had a room that was adjacent to Soldiers Field Rd., and you could hear cars passing by pretty easily when the heater wasn't on. If you're a light sleeper, or if you were trying to sleep during off hours, I could see that being a problem. Additionally, there is a Chinese restaurant downstairs that smelled good and appeared popular with the local Asian crowd, even on Tuesday night, but I didn't go in.Other Miscellaneous Information: The hotel backs up to Western Ave., which can be useful if you're walking or busing it. For the frugal, there are several bus routes there (70,86) that will take you into Cambridge, to Harvard, and to the Red Line. There are a few Zipcars within walking distance as well. From the airport, you can take public transit right to the hotel for a total of $3.50 or less, and in about an hour or so.

Can we move in? We (a thirties something couple) loved this hotel. We were staying at a few places in California and this was, without a doubt, the best place we stayed. The room was spotless, the staff were helpful and very friendly and the location was great. It was close to shopping, cable cars, and restaurants (two or three blocks) and our 8th floor room was nice and quiet. If you're going to San Fran for the first time I recommend staying here and getting a Muni pass for transit. Transit is everywhere, frequent and very convenient. I don't recommend having a car in San Fran simply because parking will cost you $30+ a night at your downtown hotel. If you're arriving to San Fran via rental car I recommend you drop back to the rental car place downtown. Then just rent another one when you leave.

We Stayed in the Mattise Room 3/05 While not for everybody as other posters have said, I felt that our stay at Hix was the best resort experience we have ever had. Did anyone else notice how many times the Mattise room showed up in fashion adverts?regards to all,Andrew

Well worth the Money!! View of golf course and hotel in background

Perfect if you're attending a convention at the convention center Just finished an 8-night stay while attending a convention next door to the hotel. There is a connecting walkway that makes travel simple for convention center attendees. Check-in was a breeze, and while I have read previous comments concerning rude service, I experienced none of that during my eight days at the hotel. I can't say the staff were overly courteous, however, they always smiled and answered my questions to my satisfaction. My room was perfectly adequate and clean, with marble bathroom, and 42 flat panel TV. The king size heavenly bed was spectacular, and while I normally have trouble sleeping in hotel beds, this one put me to sleep within 10 minutes.... I agree with previous readers regarding on-site food selection; It is limited and very expensive. You have to travel across the bridge to get to the good restaurants in the downtown area, however, people seem to forget that this hotel caters mainly to convention center attendees. There are two very good restaurants within a three-quarter mile easy walking distance called The Barking Crab, and Anthony's Pier 9. The Barking Crab has picnic tables, down to earth great seafood choices, in a very casual (jeans) atmosphere, while Anthony's Pier 9 is more upscale with extremely good food. Anything else, requires a short cab ride costing $8-$10. The hotel bar, while not having the most ambience was adequate for late night cocktails. Overall, a fine hotel for convention center attendees, and adequate for others trying to save a few dollars from the pricier downtown hotels.

Honest review from well traveled young adult Me and my gf on the beach

Had a fantastic time! if you can - stay here! Second time at Disneyland Paris and decided to book the Disney Hotel (stayed at Explorers last time). Although We had no real issue with the Explorers this choice was certainly worth the extra cost. Mainly due to quiter and more pleasant/civilised environment, excellent breakfasts (hot and cold varieties and plenty of choice) and proper seating instead of 'school dinner' type services, characters present within the hotel every day where the kids got the majority of their autographs, excellent hotel staff service and convenient access to the park at all times. Sure it's expensive wherever you go but you need to do your homework in advance and just be willing to go and spend every last penny to get the enjoyment and 'Disney feeling!'. We stayed in a standard room having attempted to enquire about a club room but in the end were not dissapointed as it was both spacious (amble wardrobes cupboards, big bathroom, desk, bay Window and TV Mini bar etc including choclate coins that were left on the pillows for our return from the park each day (nice touch!). Did not eat at the resturants in the hotel but they did look good including the characters who appeared to be around the eating areas also. Price guide (from memory based on what we had/seen);Beer : a pintCocktail : Wine : in one of the Resturants : 34 Euros Adult, 12 Euros ChildOne observation which has nothing to do with the hotel but with Disney in general - many Europeans outside the UK DO NOT portray a level of politeness and understand a queue or 'waiting thier turn' system here! yes we all want our kids to have fun and get autographs etc., but why does simple decent manners go out the window at EuroDisney compared to anywhere else abroad? So many times we were faced with situations which left us speechless. Not a slur on any country as I have visited the mainstream ones many times but somehow people take on a different persona when in EuroDisney and become downright rude when the either want to get on a ride, on a bus, queue for food/snack or get a characters autograph in the park.big tip - if you plan to go to the Disney Village for food, try and get there before the main Park or Disney Studios close otherwise you will be left queing for a long time to get in anywhere. Favourite Disney Village food places were Ludwigs Catsle and Rain Forrest Cafe - Planet Hollywood has very little atmosphere.

Better than Marriott Champs Elysee My wife and I had a wonderful week at the Vendome. The location is superb and the staff terrific. The rooms are on the small side but very well appointed. We had a problem with the shower in our room and they moved us to another room the next day. The concierge was extremely helpful and the diningroom excellent. We had stayed at the Marriott Champs Elysee and like this hotel better.

Central Location, Great Atmosphere, Nice Hotel View from Outside the Window

Great room, but that's about it. We booked a deluxe corner king room Dec. 29 30 and it was very nice. Much bigger than the average NYC room and very modern. BUT... (1) The hotel double-charged me. I used a different credit card at check-in, not the one I used to guarantee the room, then the hotel charged both cards. I must say that on New Year's Eve evening they were very helpful when I called them about it and they had one of the charges credited back to me immediately, but if the lady that checked us in had not spent most of the time on the telephone, maybe the mistake wouldn't have happened! (2) The elevators are a problem. Not as bad as some of the reviews have indicated, but it is a bothersome issue. A word to the wise...when you see room on an elevator, get in! Regardless of where the elevator might be headed, get in one when you can. And try to avoid the 8th floor. That's where check-in, shops and lounges are and as a result where most of the people are...take an escalator to a lower floor if you're on the 8th and you won't have as many people to fight with. (3) The hotel is very slow to pick up room service trays. At one point, there were three trays sitting outside of rooms on our floor and they smelled very much. We had to call to get them removed. The next day, the remains of someone's breakfast stayed in the hallway until the next morning (appx. 24 hrs.). The location of this hotel is wonderful, but you can probably do better and spend a lot less!

Not bad at all Good location, 5 minutes walk to a Metro station and 30 minute walk to the Louvre. The rooms were clean and the hotel staff friendly. The hotel was maybe a little expensive without breakfast but considering its location its comparitively cheap. My big moan about this was that the bathroom had a clear window that backed onto a buisness, this required various creative ways of blocking up the window to get some privacy when having a shower. Overall however not bad,

The Best Hotel in the World I was fortunate enough to have had the opportunity to stay at this extraordinary hotel for 4 days recently through work. This is simply put: the BEST hotel in the world. It's beyond 6 stars and they can do no wrong.We booked an S class limo service from the airport and from the moment we arrived at the hotel, they had staff and porters waiting for us. The staff to guest ratio is incredible and you always feel that someone is nearby to assist. They took us immediately to our rooms where check in staff were on hand with arrival documents. Our bags came quickly thereafter and we were free to enjoy the incredible views of Tokyo that this hotel offers. The hotel sits atop an office building and has 30th+ floor views of the mountains, the city (Ginza is down the road) and you can see parts of the Imperial Palace's park lands.The premier grand deluxe rooms were breathtaking. Extremely spacious by any standard and exceptionally luxurious. The details are what matter here: a hand written note card tells you the day's weather information and tomorrow's; everything automated and electronic (including blinds and curtains); HDTV flatscreen; iPod plug in point; yoga mats and umbrellas; walk in wardrobe area; separate spa bath and open style shower... You couldn't ask for a better appointed room. And like the earlier reviews mentioned, the little hand through closet at the door is a very well conceived idea for the room. They delivered messages and newspapers without ever having to knock.We also enjoyed the inclusive breakfast every morning. You can order eggs a la carte/any style and there was the great buffet. More fusion style than simply Japanese, and they had a nice selection of beverages. We also had one business lunch in the all day dining restaurant and the food and service was very good. The only complaint we had here was that the coffee service was a tad bit slow every morning. We also invited friends over to enjoy the views at the tea lounge near the Mandarin Bar. We had tea, drinks, and some Chinese appetizers and the staff were not only attentive and friendly, but the service is non-instrusive in a nice and discreet way.We also used the gym everyday. The treadmills have views over the entire city and the large flat screens with wireless headsets made running very enjoyable. The gym is well equipped and the fresh juices and fruit are a nice touch. The staff person there was always helpful and on hand to make your work out productive. On our first time, he recommended the spa on the 37th floor which was free of charge if you use the gym. We followed his advice and went down to use the spa pools and sauna/steam room. This had to be the best and most relaxing thing activity in all of Tokyo. The views from the spa pools are hard to beat!The other thing we noticed that was exceptional was the house keeping staff were always on top of everything and you never saw them. A house keeping trolley was never in sight! They always knew when we weren't there somehow and they would always make up the room and do the turn down service. The aromatherapy bowl in the turn down service was a very nice touch prior to bed time.Another example of how great the level service is: hotel staff bow everytime you walk by and wait for you to pass. They wait for lift/elevator doors to close before moving on. And above all else, they have the just say yes attitude which makes everything a joy.I would highly recommend this hotel for both business and leisure (although Roppongi would be a better location for leisure travellers). The subway is just downstairs and very convenient and there is plenty to do at this location (the office building has a food court and shops). If you are debating which hotel to stay at in Tokyo, you will not only get the best in Tokyo here, but the best in the entire world.

Amazing hotel; felt high end! This hotel is just fantastic! Being Australian, it felt great to meet the owner who is also Australian. She was very helpful and gave great advice and restaurant suggestions. Her and her staff truly care about their guests and their breakfasts and happy hours were like social gatherings. We had trouble finding the place at first (turned down the wrong street), but I called the hotel and eventually found our way. The facade was being redone so it obscured the front of the building. Finally we saw the small sign for the hotel and went up the very reliable elevator to the 3rd floor. The reception was a great preview of what was to come. This hotel is very new and modern. It felt hip and cool even! They offered us coffee while we waited and then took us a floor up to our room at the back of the hotel. The viewwas okay but there was a lot of natural light and the room was just great. Everything felt new and was very, very modern. For the rate (off season), it was a great deal I think.The bed was good and the lounge bench to the side folds out to become a second bed. The bathroom was small, but perfectly fine. We liked theA/C-heating unit which can be controlled with a remote. The TV was a flatscreen and also good. The breakfast was really good actually, but I think the coffee out at cafes is better. The lounge area is cozy and they have all the good travel guides you can read up on. The laptop with free internet is also a nice touch, as is the free WiFi all around.The location was great. Only 5-8 minute walk from the train station, 2 minutes to the Duomo and it's really centrally located. The shoppingis on your doorsteps and the sights are only 5-10 minutes away. I really can't think of any downsides to the place. I recommend this hotel wholeheartedly and it's nice for a quiet romantic getaway!

Basic but great value Stayed here numerous times and the last time was back in mid-2003. It is a very basic sort of hotel that's efficiently run and managed. The rooms are pretty small, somewhat gritty due to the high turn over, but usually the price is really good so you can score a great deal.It seems that a lot of airlines use this hotel for their aircrew as I've always seem plenty of flight attendants waiting in the lobby (it's pretty close to the airport actually, but still in a good spot in the city).Although the location is perfect for public transportation (train is a 5-10minute walk underground and buses are all around) and only a 5 minute walk to Chinatown/Darling Harbour, you'll be better off staying further in midtown Sydney (perhaps at Avillon, World Square, or places nearby. Hilton is too expensive, but very, very luxurious and great location).Overall, I would recommend this place as a nice, but relatively cheap place to stay. Not sure what it's like now though on the inside...

Perfect Hideaway and Great Hotel I read great reviews about this hotel online and decided to give it a try. The rate was pretty good for off season, but I was concerned about the location as it's not in the main touristy areas. I need not have worried as it was just perfect. In fact, it was good to be off the beaten path a bit as the area felt very local and was very quiet. Not too many tourists stomping around and you're only a few stops on the vaporetto away from everything. It's also only about 15 minute walk to Piazza San Marco.I recommend reading about the vaporetto and how to use it. We got out of the train station and knew exactly where to be and what to do. There were lots of disorientated tourists. The hotel is very easy to find and the you know you're onto a good place as soon as you see the nice little courtyard entryway. The reception people were all extremely friendly and helpful. It rained both days so they gave us complimentary umbrellas too. Our room was upstairs on the canal side (not the grand canal) and we had a beautiful view. The room itself felt very grand and much more expensive that it really was. The bathrooms and everything were modern and the antique furniture in the room is great.We never got a chance to try the the free breakfast as we decided to sleep in, but it was served downstairs by the courtyard. We heard about the great gelato place right behind the hotel, but it was closed until January or so while the owners were on vacation. We found another gelato/crepe place a few bridges behind it and that was great. The vaporetto was extremely easy to use and I recommend the passes (depending on how long you stay). If you want a cheap gondola ride, try the targhettos that locals use to cross the river where there's no bridge. They were only 50 cents and quite fun (standing room only). The location of the hotel was good also as it was very close to the fish/fruit markets by the Grand Canal, and the Rialto bridge was also nearby.Signs are clearly marked which tell you which direction the big squares and landmarks are, but I found that the maps made the place look bigger than it was. Venice is very accessible and quite small. Try to also find a map that has detailed streets as there are a lot of alleyways, etc.Anyway, I really recommend this hotel. It's very quaint and a nice little hideaway. It was nice to come back to a warm place during the heavy rains.

Stayed here twice and fantastic! Being a Starwood Preferred Guest member, I've stayed here twice and loved it both times. The first time was in a standard room, but still very large and comfortable. The second time, was upgraded to a corner deluxe room that had wrap around windows, beautiful views of the Hudson river, and a very well equipped and large bathroom.The major plus of this hotel is location, location, location! Right in the heart of Times Square, very accessible, near Port Authority bus terminal, and the subway stop. But you do pay for the premium of location.The downside of this hotel is that the rooms feel stuffy. The windows don't really open so it is quite humid in the rooms and my corner room with a view had slight smoke smell problem, even though it was a nonsmoking room.The hotel's lobby is very nice and totally quiet/private as it's two floors up from the street level. Concierge were always busy as the hotel has many guests with families to contend with. I would recommend this hotel to families, tourists, and first time visitors to New York.

Great stay over New Year's Got a good deal here over Christmas and New Year period. Like the Westin Times Square, the location is absolutely perfect, but the entry way could be a little better/more obvious if you ask me.The security was really good with a guard on duty at the street level all day. The lobby is upstairs in the hotel's tower so it's very quiet and away from the hustle and bustle of the streets of Times Square. The location is right next to the AMC cinema and near the subway.The rooms were very large for our 3 person family staying there. In a way, it's not as nice as the Westin in terms of luxury feeling, but it is very upscale for the average Hilton hotel. The only weird thing was on check-in, I had gotten there before my parents and they wouldn't let me go up to the room because I didn't have the credit card used during the booking, but that wasn''t a major deal.Overall, I would recommend this hotel to families and tourists in New York.

Very nice 70s style opulence Stayed here for a conference. Despite this being a Four Seasons property, it is certainly not of the usual 5 stars Four Seasons standard. Got a standard room on the 7th floor and it has a very Westin feel to it. The hotel is very obviously somewhat dated, but the staff do a good job with upkeep and maintaing the luxury feeling somewhat.Bathroom was quite sufficient, but mostly spartan in terms of the bath products provided. The room is basic 90s style with old style hotel phone, but at least the room came with high speed internet and an ethernet plug for the laptop. TV channels weren't bad, but the TV was quite small.The free breakfast provided downstairs at Capers was great. Very international breakfast with typical eggs, pastries, and continental choices, but also dim sum/dumplings and other Asian and Indian selections. It was a huge feast.,The conference facilities were actually top notch with plenty of high class and roomy meeting spaces on numerous floors. Although the hotel layout is quite awkward, the terraced layout makes for a very large feeling hotel and it seems there's lots of explore. The hotel also abounds with choices for restaurants and you can see the nice pool from the Capers restaurant dining area (maybe a little weird for swimmers).The level of service here is just okay. I was constantly interrupted by house keeping throughout the day and wish their service was a little more discreet in timing/presence. They had over 8 check-in staff at the counter, but none of them offered to show me to m room. The check-in lady also did not point out where the elevators were and assumed I had known. The bell boy was very efficient however and my suitcases came up to my room in less than 10 minutes. The conference sevice staff were very efficient and friendly. Although at times some of them seem very young and new to the job.Finally, location is quite good. At the very end off the Orchard Road area. The new St. Regis is finishing up right across the street. I think you should stay at other hotels further down. Regent is about a 10 minute walk to the main bustling shoppping area of Orchard Road and there is certainly where Hilton, Marriott, and Hyatt beat them out. So, this isn't exactly a real Four Seasons, but it is still quite nice and a classic luxury hotel.

Great hotel, "okay" location This hotel is beautiful. Obviously a touristy hotel that has a very Asian style luxury to it. The rooms are quite large, the bathrooms spacious, and the views were pretty good (can see parts of Hong Kong Harbour). Only major problem is location: it's not that bad, you can walk 10mins to get to the main part of Kowloon's shopping areas, but the main InterContinental hotel that's right on the Harbour has a better location.We arranged for a limo car Benz service from the airport, which is very convenient. Although we went to the airport via train on the way back, which is also very easy.Did not use the gym or the restaurants; much better food for cheaper around Hong Kong. I would overally recommend this hotel if you can score a really cheap rate (which we did), but would suggest you stay either near Central in Hong Kong side or the main InterContinental on Kowloon side.

Great Hotel I was provided a corner room with a view of Boston from one window and a view of the Delta terminal from the other window.The room was clean and comfortable with typical Hilton Le Source bath products. My only disappointment was that there was no bottled water in the room. Not a bad problem to have if that is the only one.The fitness center was upgraded to all Precor equipment. I got to spend an hour on one of the ellipticals while I was there.The meeting rooms were comfortable and the food was very good.Transportation to/from the airport was quick and painless.I will definitely stay at this hotel again if I'm in the Boston area.

Nothing But the Best! This was our second trip to Punta Cana in as many years. Last year, we stayed at the Majestic Colonial. That was touted as a 5-star, but I'd probably rank it more as a 3-star. So, with higher expectations, based on more than doubling our travel costs, we headed to the Paradisus Palma Real from August 3rd through the 9th. My sister and BIL had stayed here when it first opened and highly recommended it to us.When we arrived, there was one person in front of us checking in. This was a fast procedure and we were provided with cocktails as we waited. I was worried when the concierge came over with vacation club magnets for my kids and had to show us a map of the facility. My husband said he wanted to find the room, so he took his key and left me with them. I rushed them through their speech and walked away with their forced appointment for the next day. When they called in the morning, I told them I wasn't interested and hung up on them. They never bothered us again whether in the lobby or around the pool.The bali beds around the pool were a wonderful respite from the daily grind of life and from the sun. My husband was up at 6:00 every morning and was able to secure a bali bed for us each day.The food was excellent. We talked to a few people who were not happy with it, but we really could not understand why they were not happy. The buffet was vast with many options. My husband had steaks made to order on our first night. We had good meals at the Market Grill, Vento and Passion. Bana, the Japanese restaurant was ok, but tons of food.The wine list had good selections. I wish that they had enough wine buckets to leave white and sparkling wines at your table like they did the reds, though, instead of making you wait for them to pour again.Our kids loved the game room that was open periodically through the day and from 9-11 each night. They had x-box and PS, etc., and our kids made friends with many others each night. They even got to go to dinner with some of their new friends while we had dinner alone.My son and I did the segway tour around the golf course and the villas surrounding the course. That was a lot of fun. He and I were the only participants that afternoon. It was worth the $30 for the hour and a half of fun.The bartenders were so friendly and a lot of fun both at the pool bar and in the lobby bar. There was a nice martini menu in Bana.We didn't spend much time on the beach. Only for walks during the day and at night. We didn't care for the seaweed, and the pool was so nice and relaxing.The fitness center was good, too. It overlooks the pool/beach area and has a lot of equipment. They were kind enough to let me use an elliptical in Crocs because my sneakers were in a bag that the airline hadn't delivered to us yet. We didn't get our bag back until a day and a half before we were leaving. I can attest to the gift shop having deoderant and a hair brush for purchase. The hotel supplied dental kits and shaving kits. This was important since our toiletries were in that bag. Not even this could get us down. We were on vacation at a perfect destination... What more could we want?If we go back to Punta Cana again, we will definitely stay again at the Paradisus Palma Real.

Personal and caring This hotel offers something very rare today -- warm and caring service. From the moment you check in, the Lombardy family treats you as a personal friend who's come to stay a few days -- providing information on the city, excellent restaurant recommendations, help with tour reservations, etc. -- not just an anonymous source of revenue. They are in the middle of the city, just two blocks from the Duomo and no more than a 10 minute walk from most of the major museums and sites. Our room was spacious for Europe and, while not luxurious, was comfortable and well set up. Free internet access via WiFi throughout the hotel or from a terminal next to the office is a big plus, as is the small bar area where you can get wine, water and soft drinks at very reasonable prices. Their substantial continental breakfast is served in a room with a frescoed ceiling, adding to the sense of history that permeates central Florence.

Just An Awful Stay We stayed at the Radisson before an early morning flight. I chose it because of location and location to a decent parking lot for our car, MasterPark. But it was one of the worst hotel experiences we have ever experienced. Mind you this is just my opinion and I'm sure many people have stayed here and been quite happy.The main problem for us was the bed situation. We are larger people and the 2 double beds just didn't cut it. It was us and our 2 kids and there just wasn't enough room. Plus I have to say, the adjustable beds are not much of o selling point. The MOST uncomfortable bed I have EVER stayed on in my life, hands down. All they are, are air mattresses. If you want a firmer bed it pumps more air in and if you want a softer bed, you take air out. Well, if you take too much air out you can actually feel the wooden bed frame. We were off to Disneyland the next day, and I woke up with a stitch in my back that just wouldn't go away. Not good if you are planning on walking 8-10 hours a day.We ordered room service, and it wasn't bad. We had the steak sandwich, and it was quite tasty. And the service was good all around, from the front desk to the room service.The hotel itself it a little run down, but I have seen much worse.But if you can't get a good night's sleep, especially before an early morning flight, then everything else just doesn't matter.

Silver Cloud Inn - Never Disappoints We stayed here after a long flight home from LA.Before the flight we stayed near the airport and just had an awful experience. So we decided to just go with what we know for the trip home. Yes, it was about a 20 minute drive from the airport, but at least we know what we are getting when we stay at any of the Silver Cloud Inn's. A clean comfortable room. With beds you can just sink right into. I love that the parking is gated, not that it's going to stop someone who is really bent on breaking into your car, but it was nice.The 24 hour pool was great to come to, since our kids were just wired from the flight, and it was a great time to just go down there and let them relax.We got up too late to enjoy the breakfast, but if it's anything like the other ones we have experienced at other Silver Cloud Inn's, I'm sure it is wonderful.If you are looking a clean comfortable room with great customer service this is the place to go.We will definitely stay here for our next trip to downtown Seattle.

The Owl-a great find Just returned from a 11 day stay in Amsterdam's Owl Hotel. Very good room rates. The owners and staff were extremely helpful, pleasant, and professional. The hotel was very neat and clean throughout. The room cleaning and tidying up were very efficient. My wife and I highly recommend this very cozy family run hotel.

Great location I arrived at the hotel after a 15 minute ride from the airport at 9:30am. Much to my suprise my room was ready.The room was spacious with a flat screen multi channel tv.The bath large and had a nice kit. Towels were soft with a gant de bain. I had a garden room so there was not street noise.The location was excellent (Ramblas). I got tour bus tickets at the desk and it was a short walk to the bus stop. The tour bus line lets you on and off as often as you like at points of interest.Great restaurants are nearby.

Great location Hotel was in a brilliant location literally a five minute walk from Las Ramblas. The room was extremely basic and on our arrival we got placed in a room with three single beds as opposed to a double that we had booked as they said they had all been booked up! (we booked six months in advance!)However the room was very clean and had everything we needed except we couldnt work out if the air conditioning had broken or it was just old as it was useless! But we managed fine without it!Another problem was that EVERY day at around 3/4pm we heard the sound of fireworks outside which we found annoying especially if we had gone back for a siesta! But we were hardly ever there so it didnt affect us too much and anyway eventually you got used to it!The hotel staff were helpful and spoke very good English! And the breakfasts were actually quite nice (very basic but included toast, beans, small sausages, ham and cheese, tea and fruit juice) We found it was hard to get a table between 9.30-10am so we would wait until gone ten as it was more quiet and also there was more fresh food as they would keep bringing it out along with clean plates and cutlery!Overall we would recommend due to the price and location (although quite a way from the beach - about 40min walk)PS - recomend the metro, very easy to use and cheap!

Great Florence Hotel Florence - Hotel Pendini19 May, 2007We've just arrived home from a week in Florence. Our stay at the Hotel Pendini was fabulous. On the fourth floor of the arch in the Piazza Republica, the hotel is centrally located, walking distance to all the sites that the city has to offer. The rooms are reasonably priced, clean and comfortable, and the staff of the Pendini is fantastic. We were served by Barbara, Pamela, and a crew of helpful folks whose names we didn't learn. Their restaurant recommendations and reservations were first class. We've enjoyed the Pendini's hospitality in the past and will certainly stay with them on future visits to Firenze.Bernard Bette GoldsteinSaint Helena, CA

Average hotel, great location This hotel is an average three star which has a fantastic location right in the centre of Paris. There is a nice boulangerie outside the hotel. There are loads of restaurants in the vicinity but they are all touristy so I wouldn't recommend any of them. I would agree with the previous posts about the noise on Saturday night but the easy solution to that problem is to just party till 3 and then you'll come home to peace and quiet.

The staff would bring me back We spent five nights here and enjoyed our stay immensely. The staff could not have been more helpful or more friendly. Our room was excellent, we enjoyed the swimming pool on a number of occasions, returned each morning to the breakfast restaurant and relaxed to the different singers/musicians at night.Only complaint is that I believe that in this day and age every hotel should offer free wireless internet access.

Great Value Just stayed at City Inn for 2 nights. Got a great deal from the City Inn's own website. Paid in a club room, which also included breakfast and free drink each day of stay. Only problem was reception told me on check in that breakfast wasn't included. I checked the site later and found that it was, on calling reception they apologised and we received a free dinner that evening too. The only other slight gripe is a tray charge for room service.Apart from that, good friendly staff, nice clean and modern hotel. Good location for easy walk to river and Westminster area.

Great hotel, great location! Booked our rooms through Hotwire at a cheaper rate for a four-day visit to San Francisco from London, and the hotel exceeded our expectations. All the staff were very friendly and we availed ourselves of the nightly wine tasting, followed by milk and cookies later on - an unusual and pleasant touch. True, rooms are small, but very comfortable and stylish; we knew this before we booked, so weren't surprised. Didn't have a bay view as that's more expensive, but you don't need that as the hotel is right on the Embarcardo - perfect for morning/evening strolls/jogs. Another plus is the Amtrak railway office just across the road (not the train station - that's in Oakland, I think), where you can conviently catch a bus to the station and then travel by those wonderful Amtrak trains to anywhere in the US. Used the YMCA gym next door (again, they were very friendly), and the post office across the road is very handy for sending postcards etc. The BART station from SF International Airport is very close as well (can't remember the name of the stop, though). The Ferry Building is just across the road as well, containing a wide variety of shops and places to eat. Best of all is the ferry that takes you to Sausaulito in about 20/30 minutes, right past Alcatraz. All in all, this was a real find, great value for money and in a wonderful location in a wonderful city.

Great Location Front of hotel

Great Service and Amenities Garden Suite Entry

Exceeded expectations I have just returned from a great stay at the ME Madrid. It is expensive, true, and the rooms are small, but it is in a fantastic location, the rooms are very well appointed and the service is good. This hotel is in the 'trying to be achingly hip' category, and although I suspect the decor will date quickly, it pretty much succeeds.The location is right on the Plaza Santa Ana, which has all the buzz you expect from downtown Madrid. Despite our room overlooking the square, we were not disturbed by the noise except briefly on Saturday night after Real Madrid had just won a match and were likely to win the league.The room was very comfortable with a huge TV, sound system, DVD player, and electrical points for the UK and US as well as Europe. Bathroom with Aveda shampoo etc. The service was very good - UK newspapers in the morning, a turn-down service in the evening, decent breakfast, friendly staff.We did not eat in the restaurant other than for breakfast as there are hundreds of bars and restaurants within 100m of the hotel. We had a drink in the 'Penthouse' bar which was quite cool and stylish, with good views of Madrid.Definitely worth a visit, but don't expect budget prices.

Good Hotel for the Budget Traveler I stayed here about two weeks ago, and I must say I was pleasantly surprised. The staff was friendly and helpful. My room was clean and comfortable. The shared showers and toilets were very clean as well. The hotel is also in a very good location that is close to tourist attractions and public transportation. My trips to and from the airport were only 30 minutes long via BART. I would definitely recommend this place to friends and family.

In the middle of nowhere the beds

Brilliant, attentive, magnifcant Arriving at the Peninsula in Hong Kong is a true pleasure. The many luxurious cars gives a glamorous feeling. The restaurants are outstanding and deserve a Michelin Star or two.The rooms are luxuriously decorated with all the latest technology. If comes with a price tag and not everyone can afford it. Hotel seems selective in choice of guests and that keeps it a true brilliant in Hong Kong. It is definetly the place to be and to be seen.I am looking forward for the W hotel to open as well. Will try it once they open their doors.

Fantastic 5 Days in Florence Stayed at the San Gallo from July 29 - August 3, 2006 with my wife and our two teenage sons (we had separate rooms). First, the physical stucture: very unassuming hotel from the outside but nicely designed interior and meticulously clean. Feels like an inn more than a hotel. Rooms were large with gorgeous marble appointed bathrooms. One word, luxury.Second, Location: We found the location perfect. 10-15 minute walk to the Duomo and everything else for that matter. Near the bus line. Off the main bustle of the tourist hotels. Loved it.Finally, the staff: Very friendly, all speak english well. The breakfeast spread was excellent.In addition, don't miss the Stibbert museum. It is within walking distance from the San Gallo, opposite direction from the Duomo. Coolest place we visited, midievil artifacts of every kind.

Highly Recommended!!! This is a gorgeous property. There are multiple towers, we were in the Kalia Tower on the executive floor which was very nice (we were upgraded for free!). The rooms were exceptional with Crabtree and Evelyn bath products, spacious balconies, and attention paid to detail. Included with executive status is continental breakfast from 8-10 am each morning with a nice selection of fruit, pastries, cereals and an afternoon tea starting at 4pm with snacks (quiche, cookies, veggies, etc). The pools are nice and there is a lagoon as well. The property is on the beach and in the midst of high-end shops. A short 10-15 min walk gets you to Waikiki Beach. There are many restaurant options in the hotel vicinity, though, so you can consider this a complete resort with pool, shopping, spa, and restaurants all on the premises. Aquacylces, kayaks can be rented on the property as well. We had a great vacation here and would recommend it to anyone......

Comfortable And Convenient Main entrance of the hotel

I stay here every business trip to Sydney I'm an HHonors member so stay in Hilton's all over, but this is my favorite. (Tokyo Hilton in Shinjuku is a close second.) I try to book it every business trip to Sydney.Minimalist modern rooms; motorized blinds, glass bathroom, flat screen TV. This appeals to me but might not be everyone's taste. Some earlier reviews describe this as sterile and I can see that some people might see it that way.Location is good for business and holiday; close to Town Hall train station, walk to downtown area, Darling Harbor or Circular Quay.I can use the executive lounge which serves complimentary cooked and continental breakfasts, snacks and drinks during the day until late.Comprehensive gym in the basement. Zeta bar is a good place to invite colleagues for a night out - long lines on Friday night so it's popular with the locals as well.A friend with an assistance dog shared the room last stay. The Hilton accepted this without any drama; one staff in the exec lounge was at first unaware of the hotel policy on assistance dogs; one cleaning woman seemed to be terrified of the dog, otherwise Pema quickly become a favorite with the other hotel guests. Seems people are i) surprised and delighted to see a dog in the lift ii) perhaps missing their own pets.We asked a lot of the staff during the week and they graciously accommodated every request. Professional and personable.

Disappointing Hotel - Stay Next Door at the Caribe Hilton This was our second visit to the Normandie (first visit in February, 2006) and it will be our last. It is a grand old hotel in need of some loving care. On our first visit, two years ago, we really enjoyed the art deco styling and the beach and diving adjacent to the property all for a price that was very reasonable (we paid about $160 this time). This time however, was very different. There was a lot of noisy construction underway inside the hotel and there had been some water damage in our room so it smelled very musty. Everything seemed run down and just not of the quality we remembered. On our last day we walked next door to the Caribe Hilton and it was everything you want in a hotel, all for only about $30 more per night. Trust me, that would be money well spent.

no longer the mas bus connection By Singapore standards this is a remote hotel well away from the city centre and more importantly the metro system. They run a free bus shuttle to the city, fine for shopping but pain if you only want to go out to eat. Only advantage is it is outside the congestion charge area so taxi from the aiport was just S$20. However we stayed here for one night as we understood it was the connection for the MAS bus to Senai Airport. THIS IS NO LONGER THE CASE. We asked at reception and they just said it was now cancelled and gave no assistance on alternative transport.You actually get a taxi from a special stand in the city centre to Johor Baru and then they arrange a second taxi to Senai. S$60.Can see no other reason to stay here.

WOW! Amazing service and rooms ... I'm going back Quality, quality, quality. That's the Ritz Carlton in Berlin. I have been priviledged, in that I have stayed at 3 other Ritz Carlton hotels before and they were all excellent. This one proved to be just as good.Front desk attention was brilliant, the room was very large with calssical design, all very new, superb details in the room, exceptionally comfortable bed, massive bath, lots of towels, brilliant toiletries (Bulgari), etc etc. Breakfast next day was very, very good - they had everything you could care to mention and MORE!Next time I'm in Berlin, this will AUTOMATICALLY be my choice.

Very acceptable hotel I stayed at the Plaza Hotel for a few days in July 2005 while completing some medical appointments at Baylor. I found the room clean, with appointed, and very comfortable. I especially liked the wireless internet and the shuttle service which took me to Baylor and other downtown locations. Was very satisfied with the hotel and the price.

Another Iberostar winner My wife and I have just returned from the Iberostar Dominicana in Bavaro, having 2 weeks of bliss. Having been to other Iberostar hotels previously we new the type of room we were looking for and an email to Iberostar led to us getting exactly what we required.This hotel came up to all expectations in all departments with the surroundings beautiful, the pool, gardens and beach superb. The restaurants provided excellent quality food and service with six speciality varieties as well as the buffet. On a two week break you get 4 guaranteed places from 5 and you can visit the 6th The Rock Star Cafe as many evenings as you wish. This proved for us to be the bonus item on the holiday as you don't have to make reservations for set times (as with the other 5 ) which can be restrictive. At the Rock Star Cafe it is walk in seating with waiter service and a good a la carte menu.On the entertainment front the daytime activities are varied and well organised by the Star Friends. We watched many and participated in the International Bingo Bongo compared by the multi lingual Daniel who we thought to be our star. On the evening entertainment front the shows were a bit hit and miss but generally good fun and packed with enthusiasm, plus a first class band and four singers. A good idea in the evenings is a visit to the main theatre bar for top quality branded drinks' but remember to ask for Gordons when you want a G T otherwise you will get the local brew.Having been to Iberostar hotels before we knew that Hobie cat sailing was included in the price and down at the dive shop we met the charming Belgian man Jannick who was in charge and sorted out the sailings for us on a day to day basis. He was aided by Dominican assistants who got you in and out of the water with expertise and always with a smile.We travelled with My Travel and the Airbus from Gatwick was freezing cold on the way out and cramped and uncomfortable on the way back. The holiday was booked with Direct Holidays and it was nice to have as their representative a local Dominican gent called Felix who did his job with enthusiasm and charm making you feel like a real person.Finally a cautionary note: half way through our holiday our beach bag was stolen from our loungers at poolside. Security did recover the bag but missing was my wife's reading glasses on a gold chain, some old travel binoculars and a few dollars. Our sun creams, keys and empty wallet were left in the bag and returned to us. Fortunately our camera and MP3 player were in our room so the theft was more inconvenient than costly but beware of leaving items of importance unattended in public areas. This incident did not spoil our holiday or put us off the hotel.We would give the hotel a top rating and recommend it as one to go for.

One of the best hotels we have stayed at... We stayed in an Emerald Suite that was on the corner of the hotel on the 30th floor, with incredible views. On one side was the Space Needle and the other view was the Market and the ocean. We went out of the front door turned left and two blocks to the Monorail station that went to the Space Needle.The staff was exceptional from the moment we arrived till we departed.One other note, we got a discounted rate since we have AAA. We booked directly with the hotel online as soon as we booked our Alaskan cruise.

A nice Party hotel, but the Montecarlo was much better for the same price... We decided to stay for 2 nights after a cruise after reading the reviews and was disappointed. The reception staff was wonderful, we had arrived early and they allowed us to check in and spoke great English. The room had a great king size bed, but the small table and two plastic chairs we outside on a small patio in a tower that was on the outside of the doors and became very hot and loud. So we moved the table inside to have a flat surface to put our stuff on. There was on small bookshelf, but no tables or night stands...the bathroom was the same also...no counter space.We went upstairs to the pool andd whirlpool area and they had a party the night before and bottles we in the pool and the decking sticky for spilled drinks. It was all cleaned up and chairs put back out for the afternoon. We went on a tour and when we got back tried the bathtub whirlpool but it was broken and they offered to move us to another room, but since we had unpacked decided it was not worth it. The next day we tried to use the pay for view movie feature, since we were tired from the cruise and it too was broken, they did give us a discount on the room at this point, but for the same price we had stayed at the Hotel Montecarlo before our cruise and it was exceptional and was more to what we were looking for...the Axel seemed more like a Party hotel...a good choice if that is what you are looking for...

one of the best hotels we have stayed in... We decided to stay before our cruise to adjust to the new time zone and was very impressed. Our room overlooked Las Ramblas, very comfortable and quiet, there were two glass sliding doors to block out the noise and the beds were adjustable for a great nights rest. The bathroom we took pictures of, a two person whirlpool and was divine after a long flight. The staff was great, free internet to send our emails, the morning breakfast was not to be missed, the location was great and we even found a restaurant called the Attic, a couple of doors down on the same side of the hotel that had early supper times...for us Americans...the menu was in English.The hotel is owned by a family for 60 years as we were told and you could really tell the pride they have in this great jewel of a hotel...the staff made us feel very welcomed...will be there again if we are ever in Barcelona...

One of the most beautiful hotels we stayed... We had two rooms before our cruise on the Serenade of the Seas after Thanksgiving, the view was beautiful of Old San Juan and the ocean. The rooms are small, but very comfortable and we felt we were staying in a beautiful museum. Our room had an inside glass door to keep out sounds from the hallway, since there is an inside courtyard. We ate breakfast in the courtyard and really enjoyed our stay. They also arranged a walking tour of Old San Juan that was amazing, he meet us in the lobby and then off we went for a very personal and pleasant day before boarding the ship.For an extra treat, since our friends were on their honeymoon, we went to the Dragon Fly restaurant, since we had heard great reviews and easy to walk to from the hotel.

A very nice resort for the price Just back from the RIU Bambu. First off, I must say tripadvisor.com was very helpful for the planning and deciding of our final destination and other travelers opinions were great to read.So, where do I begin......our room was basic, nothing fancy, but it was cleaned very well daily and our fridge was freshly stocked with water, 7up, pepsi and beer throughout our stay. Some previous reviews spoke of thin walls and the ability to hear your neighbors real easily, but this was rarely the case. Now, most mornings people were out and about between 7-8am, so you would hear doors slam and people walking past the room and sound carried in the hallways. No big deal, why sleep in when the beach/pool are waiting!As for the food, my wife and I played it safe and didn't gamble on stuff we normally wouldn't eat. We ended up doing morning breakfast buffets daily (which resulted in eating little if anything for lunches other than a snack). For dinner of our six nights, we did the buffet 3 times and did a la carte 3 times.The breakfast buffet had a huge variety of items, we loved the pastries and especially the homemade donuts (made right on the spot). The pancakes and french toast were also good (and made on the spot as well).Lunches like I said, consisted of a quick snack at one of two possible lunch locations.As for dinner, the buffet nights were fine, nothing special or elaborate, but definetely something for everyone. As for the overall quality of the buffet food..........well its buffet food, so I don't know how high a standard should be applied to it. It was fine overall.....nothing to write home about, but nothing to complain about either.As for the overall cleanliness of the restraunts we did not once see any rodents or bugs crawling around, it was quite surprising given the fact that they were all open-air restraunts.As for our 3 a la carte nights, we did the Caribe Grille twice (twice because we really liked it) and the Steakhouse once (ok overall, but more than anything, a break from the buffet routine). The Caribe Grille was very nice and the food quality was the best of anything we had at the resort. This restaurant is actually bordering the RIU BAMBU and RIU Macao. One important thing to know....if you want to reserve a table for any of the 3 a la carte restaurants, plan to be up at 6:30am and be waiting on a line around 7am to reserve your spot! They are usually booked by 8am, and the Caribe Grille is usually booked within 15-30 minutes!The bars to get drinks were adequate, one at the pool and one closer to the lobby. There was an evening bar near the entertainment stage as well. It would have been nice to have a bar right on the beach, but no big deal, just a bit of a walk.A couple of %'s I'll throw around from previous reviews.I'm an American and as the reviews earlier stated, we were theminority there....I'd say about 10% at most. It didn't bother us at all, we pretty much keep to ourselves anyway and other than overhearing a few anti-American comments by guests from other countries, we weren't looked down upon or degraded by anyone.As for the number of topless females, I'd also put it at about 10% at most. Not a big deal at all.The beach was beautiful with plenty of space and chairs to lounge in.One nuisance for those spending the day on the beach, were the lack of bathrooms, you pretty much have to walk back to the lobby of the resort. Which is twice the hike of getting to the bar. Other than that, not much to complain about. I don't think its worth getting caught up in this 5-star vs. 4-star hype. Resort price (not stars) tell the story and for more money you can stay at a more upscale RIU resort. I think overall, for the price we payed for 6 nights, we were rewarded with a great stay.

A bit pricey but comfortable...location is ok I just spent a Saturday night at the Seaport with my wife. At $200 for a room, we had some high expectations. Since we've stayed at the Hotel Marlowe (an awesome experience) in Cambridge, most of the hotels in Boston just feel bland and average.Service: We found this to be a mixed bag. At check-in, our initial experience was just OK. We mentioned that it was our anniversary and requested a nice room. The clerk issued a mild shrug and then provided our keys. We were both dissapointed. The room was small, bland, and simply had a view of the nearby building. It was nothing special.However, after discussing the situation with the concierge, we were placed in a very comfortable mini suite with 2 rooms (bed room and 2nd room with couch and TV). We did not have a view of the water, but the room was comfortable and nice. The concierge was extremely helpful and friendly.Location: We took a harbor cruise, so the location was excellent. The hotel is located next to the world trade center and across from the pier. There is also a MBTA stop adjacent to the hotel. The area feels very 'corporate' and not like traditional boston. Think conventions, office buildings, and a pier. It does have very easy access to I93, so getting into/out of the area is extremely easy.The hotel bar is nice and the interior is clean and fresh. The decoration is a bit bland and neutral.Without our requirement to walk to the harbor cruise, I'd rather stay at the Marlowe or try the Onyx.

Definitely substandard We booked two nights at Novotel Benoa, under advice by the travel agent, but were mostly unhappy about our stay.Problems were largely attributable to peak season, the resort was fully booked. Yet this kind of service is not acceptable. Check-in was very slow, with more than one service assistant holding papers to the next. In spite of our request (made at booking time) of two adjacent rooms (not a strange request after all...we are a family with two kids...), we found out with disappointment that we were given distant rooms on the same floor. Lodging a formal complaint to the hotel manager was impossibile: nobody could find him. The deputy manager greeted the complaints with a Balinese smile, but no action and not even sincere apologies. We were promised a change for the second night, but this was forgotten soon the next day. When we got in our room at 8 pm there were no towels. In one of the two rooms one the two tables with the light next to the bed was missing (only one can read at Novotel Benoa...).The following day we asked to swap our dinner vouchers contemplated in the 1/2 board with lunch vouchers. The first time we were told in an unpolite way this was not possible, at the second attempt we were told it was possible but only for 1 day in the whole stay. The logic of this? Nobody could tell us...The hotel standard rooms are large but quite old and need restyling. The Balinese wooden style is ok, but many items in the furniture were damaged. The bathroom is quite simple and poor. Towels are far from being large and soft.The view from one of the two rooms was hopeless: a messy backyard. Many rooms in the 3-storey wing have same view but they have same price than those overlooking the swimming pool. It's a matter of luck Mr.Customer!The resort is split in two parts by the main road in Benoa, with one Novotel employee facilitating street crossing thanks to a noisy whistle to stop cars and mopeds. The rooms on the sea side are certainly better and less noisy than those on the other side. Do travel agencies know that when they advise customers? Cheaper rooms are obviously lower quality, but why go there when all neighbouring resorts in Benoa do not have this inconvenience? Common areas in the resort are on the contrary quite nice, huge lobby, nice swimming pools. The overall style is cute and typical of Bali. Nice beach with umbrellas an sunbeds.Breakfast is very rich. We tried the beach restaurant twice and were happy. Timely service and good food.Novotel Benoa is surey a 'budget' solution, but at least our experience (bad luck only?) was negative even on the quality to price ratio.

Fine hotel, good location, service so-so We stayed at the Metropark Causeway Bay for 3 nights at the end of our honeymoon in May 2008 (the rest of the honeymoon was spent in Australia). We booked on the hotel website mainly based on the high marks the hotel got on Tripadvisor. It seemed to be the best value available on a decent room in a good location with a good view.We had booked a nonsmoking harbour view room - when we checked in at about 5PM, they said they did not have a room on a nonsmoking floor available. We had to wait in the lobby for about 15 minutes for the room to be serviced, and then when we got to the room we found it had 2 double beds despite asking for a queen bed (and mentioning it was our honeymoon). So we went back to the lobby and had to wait another 15 - 20 minutes for a nonsmoking harborview room with a queen bed to be made available to us. They apologized for the delay, but didn't offer any additional perks to make it up to us or do anything to recognize our honeymoon.Once we finally got settled into our room, our stay was fine. The room was small and the bed fairly hard, but I gather that is standard for HK. The furnishings were high quality and made the most of the limited space. The room was serviced daily and kept very clean. The location is nice - adjacent to an MTR (subway) station and streetcar line (makes it a convenient base of operations), and there are a number of fine restaurants in the blocks right around the MTR station. The room had a nice view overlooking Victoria Park and the harbour, and the view from the rooftop pool area is especially spectacular.Overall we were pretty happy with the hotel, and despite the problems on check-in we'd consider staying here again next time we are in HK. We were not as impressed as a lot of the other reviewers on Tripadvisor, though.

Nice hotel - a standard Marriott experience This was the first stop on our honeymoon - we stayed at the Sydney Marriott on Hyde Park for 4 nights in May 2008. We booked the room through Priceline so the price was quite reasonable by Sydney standards. We mentioned it was our honeymoon on check-in and they gave us a room on one of the upper floors overlooking Hyde Park.The location was nice and central for exploring Sydney - we walked from there to the botanic gardens, the opera house, circular quay, Paddington market, etc. The hotel was clean and nice. The furnishings in our room were somewhat dated but looked fine. Staff was very friendly. We didn't spend too much time in the hotel but enjoyed it when we were there.

Decent hotel, kind of strange location We stayed at the Holiday Inn Darling Harbour for one night, the last night of our honeymoon in Australia. We got to the hotel at about 11:30PM after an evening flight from Cairns and checked out about 5AM to catch our flight home, so we were not at the hotel very long at all.The hotel seemed fine - our room was clean and comfortable. We had a room on the first floor, which had a strange layout - bathroom and closet just inside the door, then about 4 steps town to a sunken bedroom area just big enough for the queen size bed. But furnishings were decent and everything worked OK.The area around the hotel is really Chinatown more than Darling Harbour. There are mostly chinese restaurants in the area adjacent to the hotel, but we found a diner-style place that was still open at midnight to get some food before bed.The hotel suggested we take the airport shuttle instead of a taxi - the shuttle picks up from the hotel every half-hour starting at 5AM. This was a fairly quick way to the airport and it was cheaper than a taxi, only about $10 AUD per person.

Acceptable The Sofitel is probably hit or miss, and for me, it was a miss.The hotel looks nice and it is furnished in a way you would expect from a 4-star place. The service was very friendly, and we had a decent time overall. However, we had a few problems--each minor, but collectively annoying--during our stay:1) We arrived to find stains on our sheets and no soap in the bathroom. And because we had arrived late, we had to change the sheets ourselves.2) The walls between us and our neighbors were surprisingly thin. At one point we could hear the local newscast on the TV next door as if it were showing in our room.3) This was the kicker--it happened to rain on our last night there, and all the water off the roof drained right onto a metal windowsill outside our window. Needless to say, we slept very poorly, even after housekeeping gave us some earplugs. If it rains, DO NOT STAY ON THE 4TH FLOOR.Interestingly, when I complained to the front desk, she said many of the guests had made similar complaints, and that the hotel management was pushing for a renovation. I won't be staying again until they do.

My Favorite Hotel in Europe My wife and I stayed at the Sofitel St. James in August 2005 on the first leg of our European honeymoon. We found the staff to be courteous and responsive, hotel to be clean, and the room (their most basic with a single queen bed) to be the most comfortable we would end up having on our entire trip. This Sofitel, like the others I have stayed in, also has a fantastic scent to it as well. We enjoyed the breakfast buffet, which was fresh and had good variety, but was very expensive. I returned again in October, 2006, needing the hotel for a single night before relocating to a friend's flat (they were away from town the first night). I made the mistake of taking the regular subway from Heathrow to Picadilly Circus (took a crowded and hot hour, with dozens of stops), and walking the two blocks to the Sofitel (easy down hill, but the last straw after 7 hours in an airplane and the subway experience -- take Heathrow Express into the City and then a cab!!). By the time I got to the Sofitel, bags in tow, I was sweaty and exhausted. The welcome I received as a returning guest was like none I've received in Europe. They took my bags from me, upgraded me to an executive room, escorted me to the bar, and gave me a cold drink on the house. They then came and found me after my bags were ready for me in my room. The upgraded room was lightyears better than the room we loved so much on our honeymoon. It was a corner room with two floor to ceiling windows with privacy shades that let some light in. It had a huge soaking tub, separate shower, and the standard (which is to say fabulous) Sofitel bed. I took a long hot bath, showered off, and went to bed. I woke up the next morning for a massage I was able to schedule on arrival the night before (they have a small massage room next to their fitness center). They contract out the massage services. The woman who arrived was in her early 20's, and gave me the best deep tissue massage I've ever had. My only complaint about the entire stay was that gratuity was apparently included, but the form I was given to sign after the massage had another blank for gratuity, and I gave her a full tip twice. I'd have been more upset if the massage hadn't been so good. (My only other complaint about the hotel is the lack of a pool or a hottub; if you can get a room with the soaking tub you should be able to make due without).On checkout, the bellman promptly hailed me a cab, and loaded all my things for me. I see no reason to ever stay at a different hotel in London, and will make the Sofitel my foreign home on every future trip.

Always my first choice I work at a firm down the street from the Sofitel, and use it as a home away from home during busy periods. I've spent the better part of 30 nights there in the past 18 months. Short summary: I love the place, and always look foward to staying there (even if I'm there because it means I'm too busy at the office to go home at the end of the day).The rooms consistently have the best beds I have encountered anywhere, with heavy down duvets and many down pillows (I will admit the Heavenly brand beds found at high-end Westin properties come in a very close second). Built-in individual halogen reading lamps in the headboard over each side of the bed are a nice touch.Standard rooms are a bit on the small side by U.S. standards, but should be very comfortable for European travellers and those used to hotels in older buildings in big cities. Even a one tier upgrade, to their deluxe rooms, can make a tremendous difference in size, particularly in rooms that face H street (great soundproofing in all rooms, btw. Never hear road noise, even during rushhour on low floors). The rooms are uniformly clean, both upon arrival and at the end of each day. Adequate storage space for clothes for stays up to about a week; much more than that and you may end up keeping some things in your suitcases. Cleaning staff is good about straightening up personal items left in the room, without leaving you with a feeling that someone has gone through your things.The bathrooms make the place, with everything you would need already provided, and great water pressure. They also scent the rooms with something. It is a smell that to this day I cannot identify, but that I associate with soothing feelings even in times of great stress. High speed internet access is good, but expensive - as are the contents of the Minibar. Rooms always seem to have a good work desk and lots of lighting. Staff is excellent, and very responsive, even if there are too many French accents about for my taste.Food in the restaraunt is uniformly good, but uniformly expensive - I rarely ate there when I could not expense it. This is not a problem, as there are a number of good options close by: directly across the street is world-class steak at Bobby Van's (Not cheap either, but i'd put the porterhouse for 2 against Peter Lugar's in NYC). As another user mentioned, Georgia Brown's is 2 blocks away, and a D.C. favorite (Not cheap either, but less than the hotel). The deli at the end of the block (15th and I) is also a great lunch option, as is the Corner Bakery one block further up 15th. If you can get reservations (or are willing to wait for a table / eat at the bar), the Old Ebbitt Grill at the corner of 15th and G is slightly less expensive and not to be missed. For breakfast, there are literally five Starbucks locations within three blocks of the hotel.All told, there are better hotels in the world that this Sofitel, but they are few, far between, and generally much more expensive. No there is not a pool, and no, you don't have a view of the White House (2 blocks away), but for what you actually use a hotel for - the bed, the bath, and a central location, you simply can't go wrong with this one if it is within your price range.

Our 40th Anniversary Stay was GREAT We celebrated our 40th annivesary at the Embassy Suites Del Mar Beach and Golf Resort. We could not have been happier.Upon arrival the staff was courteous and helpful. In our room was a beautiful flower arrangement, wine, posters of welcome and congratulations on our 40th, a beautiful picture frame, and hearts on our bed.We had a oceanview room on the 6th floor that had a beatutiful view. The pools and beach were wonderful.We enjoyed the daily breakfast that was prepared as we asked and the manager's reception in the evening was great.While we were staying the Puerto Rico National Honor Society was having a convention. To find 200 or so very respectable young people who dressed very nicely and were very quite was reassuring to us of our younger generation.Keep up the great work Embassy Suites. We will look to stay in your facilities in future travels.bbdubois@msn.com

Very Good. Great beach, pool and staff The beach, pool, room and staff were great. The food was very good with the exception of the steak house which was awful. Go to the International Restaurant for a very good meal. All the food with the exception of the steak house was very good and plentiful. We don't drink that much, but when we did the drinks were very good. The beach is great to walk on, enjoyed the water and just relaxed. You can walk for miles. Pool was great, but we liked the beach as it was quieter, away from noise. GREAT FAMILY VACATIN PLACE.We were in building 3 and had a great maid named Maria Martinez. The room was always clean and if we needed anything we just asked Maria.Do the Bavaro Runners for a great day. If you go ask for MiMi as your guide. He and John were great.

Stayed as part of a tour This hotel is extremely well placed right in the middle of the shopping area with easy access to eateries for breakfast and dinner.It is an old hotel which is very clean and nicely decorated in an old but pleasant style. The rooms were the smallest on the tour but were perfectly adequate although one or two people changed their room due to a noisy location(at the front of the hotel) or because they had been smoking rooms, A nice touch was the provision of some essential items although the ladies razor was of little use to me.It has access to a restaurant but I do not think it belongs to the hotel - breakfast there was fine and a reasonable price but we preferred the betty boop diner across the road.The jazz restuarant around the corner was great for dinner and the music - moderate price.The best thing about this hotel apart from the very reasonable price is its location. Ideal for the trolley cars which terminates just around the corner and the F route trolly bus which takes you down to Fishermans wharf. We walked through Chinatown down to the crooked Lombard Street then walked back to the hotel after the trolley bus unexpected stopped at the markets on the pier(Due to a march in market street)

Great location, character, and staff For what we were looking for, the Chancellor was perfect. It is a great base from which to explore the city. The cable cars can be accessed directly across from the hotel. We loved the coziness (and cleanliness) of our room, the positive atmosphere, and friendly staff. We are so glad we did not stay down in the Fisherman's Wharf area. Thank you to everyone at the Chancellor for making our stay great!

one of the best Been to alot of all-inclusives and this by far was my best experience. Minor problems will always happen but you have to look beyond this, Many choices of where to eat and find your fancy. Liquor was fine and if you found too weak, ask for a shot on top. I did not mind tipping because if I find service good this is not a problem for me. Alot of the Super Clubs I have been too have become quite lax in there service and places like Secrets I feel will take over in the place to go. Over all beauty of this resort is well worth the visit. I stayed at Bldg 1 the swim out suites by the cascading waterfall. Great Desk people, Friendly people, Great Resort and I am planning to return next year. I went boogie boarding and I had a great time. The layout of the pools throughout this complex is beyond anything I have seen at any other resort.Like I said I heve been there and done that at many resorts and would like to share my visit with anyone who would like too know more. Me and my wife are in our early 50.s and we travel with her sister and her husband every year. We were there April 5th to the 12th.

Great Resort, Great in Size The grounds at Gran Bahia Principe are beautiful. The upkeep of the resort is impeccable, and the service was also outstanding. I suggest trying to use a little spanish (as bad as you might be), because most of the staff speaks very little english and they are much more accomadating if you try using their language. The beach has calm water, plenty of chairs and umbrellas, and is private. You can rent a variety of non-motorized boats at the beach free as well (reservations required).The hotel has about 6 pools, all of which are vast, shallow, and have swim up bars. Chairs at the pools are in abundance because each is so huge. Each pool has unique activities from aerobics, vollyball, dancing, ping pong, water polo, however most activities take place in the main pool by the beach. The hotel has a large variety of a la carte restaurants and buffets style ones. WIth the all inclusive you can go to 3 a la carte meals a week (reservations required), and as many buffets as you like. The buffet food was decent at best, the a la carte was very good. One night as an a la carte meal they had a BBQ of jumbo shirmp, strip steaks, lamb, filet mignon, chicken, and flank steak, and it was all you can eat. This meal was outstanding. The drinks keep flowing, but most are served in small cups. They have all liquors and only a few premium ones and only presidente beer. The room are very large and clean, all have balcony/terrace, all have a whirlpool tub, and the minibar is restocked daily free of charge. The nighttime entertainment is pretty weak, and the shows did not keep my interest. The hotel has a mix of people from Europe, Canada, and the U.S.The only major NEGATIVE of the resort is it's IMMENSE SIZE!!! Most of the rooms will require you to get on a trolly to get to the beach because the place is vast, however the trolly runs often. You can walk from end to end of the resort in about 20 minutes, but all the dining facilities can range from 5 to 15 minute walk. The complex is very spread out, so be prepared to do some walking, even with the trolly.

Before you stay here, think twice if you think you get what you pay for!!!! OK, so this place has some bright spots, but the bad really outshines the good and it really sinks in and cannot be overlooked; especially when you are paying over $600 a night, this basically amounts to a 'Less than Ritz Carlton experience. Having stayed at other RC locations in the past few years, I have to say I was not at all impressed.Starting with our arrival, my wife and I and good friends of ours arrived at the hotel at 11:30am from Newark Liberty. The flight was only 3.5 hours, which is what makes Puerto Rico so attractive to so many in our area. The hotel is a 10 minute drive from the airport, which was great, and the taxi drivers we had during our four day visit were very nice...no shuttle to and from the hotel, but no big deal as it is very easy to catch a cab. So, are we ready for the problems??? We get to the hotel, we are greeted by a bell hop, he takes our bags, puts them on the baggage cart and leads us to the lobby; very nicely maintained, not huge but nice, open and airy, a good feeling of being away...and then I see there is a line of about 15 people infront of me and my wife and our friends, waiting to check in, not thinking it was a big deal as there were four girls at the front desk. 25 minutes later, I finally get to the front desk, offered a bottle of water while waiting and was told that my room was not ready. I was told that if I gave my cell phone number, someone would contact me when it was ready. I booked my trip with American Express Platinum Travel Services, and received a nice welcome from the front desk, warm smiles and lots of yes', to make me feel like this was just a minor set back and things would get better....After being told that the eligible upgrade was not available (fine, not a problem, this is the Ritz, how bad can it be) I would be given $100.00 credit during my stay and was told that an effort would be made in waiting for my room since I was a member. Great, that made me feel good...now, I ask where can I go and change, while I wait near the pool, as I was told I could do, while my room was prepared? Well, sir, you can go to the men's room, with your suitcase and change into a bathing suit. I am easy going, as is my wife and our friends, so we drag our suitcases into the mens and ladies room, change and go to the pool. Nice grounds, nice pool, and the first thing I noticed was that there is no kids pool and lots of families with kids. My wife and I, and our friends are in our mid 30's, we have a two year old, who we left home so we could relax, and low and behold, the pool is loaded with screaming, jumping, splashing children with parents who cannot control them. Fine, we are all easy going we say, nothing that an ipod can't tune out, right? We lay out for a bit, and get hungry, we head to the bar/ cafe at the pool. We ordered some hamburgers, a turkey wrap, salads. I would say that isnt to hard to make, well, I was wrong. After waiting 45 minutes, at a cafe where there werent to many people, for the burgers, salads and the wrap, I took a few bites, and my wife didnt even want to eat hers, our friends werent happy and we all felt that the food was not that great!!! We all looked at each other, and were hoping this was just a fluke, but we had no clue what we were in for. This was at 1:30pm and we figured hopefully we would get our phone call any minute and we would soon be in our room, unpacking and getting back out to the excellent sunshine, the only thing we wanted to do here in the first place; sun and relaxation at The Ritz!!! 2pm, 3pm, 4pm, 4:30pm, still no phone call, still no room, for either of us. I decided to go to the front desk, and there was still a line of people. I get in line again and after 10 minutes, I call out to our bell hop who was pretty cool and rembered me. I pleaded to him to see if there was something he could do as I did not want to wait another 1/2 hour to reach the front desk,just to find out if my room was ready. 10 minutes later he emerges, he lets me know that the room is ready and would take my bags to the room right away...relief is on its way. Oh, I had to ask for my friends as well, that took another 10 minutes. We get to the room, nothing spectacular, not much of a view but clean, nicely decorated, satisfying, but not up to other Ritz Carlton's that I have been to. We decided to shower; a clean bathroom, plenty of towels, plenty of Bulgari amenities and we got ready for dinner. We were really looking foward to dinner, as we were going to BLT Steak in the hotel, as there is one in NYC and every raves about the food...here come the let downs again...I dont know if the kitchens are as understaffed as the hotel, but again, the food iand service is terrible. I ordered a caesar salad, wasn't great, my wife, she had a salad, have had better at a NJ diner, and they werent cheap either...my skirt steak was good, my wifes king crab legs, mediorce, dinner costs us $200 for the two of us, same for our friends, and was worth 1/2 that at the most; I have had better dinner at The Cheesecake Factory. We headed to bed after a brief walk around the grounds of the hotel and a stop in the lounge. We got into a comfortable bed, and had a good night sleep. The next moring, we have breakfast at Mares in the hotel, it was complimentary with our stay each moring, and was good but not worth the $26.00 per person one would normally pay, I wouldn't recommend it if you are paying for it. After breakfast, I headed to the gym, like I did every morning of my stay, and it could have been larger compared to other hotels I have been to. I waited for a treadmill as they have limited cardio equipment, 5 to 6 treadmills and 4 EFX machines, two bikes...the weight training equipment is limited as well, older equipment, and just not up to par. The streching, abs, spin room was better equiped and had much more of a lively feeling...the main room is cramped, tight, hot and not to gym standards. After my workout, I showered in the mens locker room, again, just ok, I have been in nicer equipped locker rooms in lesser hotels, and headed to the pool, once again, greeted by kids and families, and there was no way you could relax here. We met other couples from our area with similar disappointing aspects of the hotel and were wondering why there wasnt a kids pool, why was the service so lacking we all felt the same way; is this really a Ritz Carlton? My favorite part of the pool had to be the couple who had their pack and play at the steps of the pool, their chairs at the steps of the pool and their rafts, with them on them in the pool, holding on to the railing leading into the pool, and had the nerve to say, you know what I hate about laying by the stair, the traffic... My wife and friends were jaw dropped, as we would never ever sit our childs play pen right in the middle of where people enter and leave the pool, let alone even have her there below a year old in the first place!!! Seriously, am I being overly dramatic here, because I am trying like crazy not be at all negative towards this place, just telling it like it is, as I was paying so much and getting so little. This is just not what I expected from a Ritz Carlton. My wife and my friends wife wanted a drink, anything, so I looked around, and one, I counted one waitress at the pool and this poor thing was running around trying to make everyone happy, but waiting guests makes for unhappy guest. I figured after 15 minutes of trying to flag her down from the other end of the pool, I decided to go get the drinks myself...when she finally got over to our side of the pool, she apologized ever so nicely and asked us if we needed anything, no nothing right now, but thanks for the apology was all I could say. I felt really bad for her, because you could see she was working her rear off, and there was no one to help here, and the understaffing was clearly seen here. There had to be 5 to 6 guys standing around handing out towels and fixing chairs for guest, and I was thinking, why wouldnt the manager have one of these guys take drink orders and help this poor girl??? This day ended the same as the last, going to the room, showering, and heading out to a mediocre dinner, but this time at Il Mulino, which is also in the hotel, and another huge let down...isnt this supposed to be one of the best Italian restaurants in NYC??? Again, I think it has to do with staffing and the kitchen, but the food and teh service was just not good...I am 100% Italian, I grew up in the NYC area and I think I have an understanding of good food and this is just not good food. I have been to quite a few restaurants in NYC, northern NJ and around the world at numerous hotels, and in their own ways, they all blow these restaurants away, and some for half the price. Day three went pretty much the same way, sub par food, screaming kids, lines, long waits for drinks, but nice weather for tanning and nice greetings from a staff that you can see knows they are in way over their heads, and try to my pleasure you into getting over it...it doesnt work...I smile, but it doesnt work. To this point, I haven't talked to a manager, first, because I don't like to be a complainer looked at as some snooty New Yorker with an attitude. I am just an average guy who is on vacation with his wife and friends trying to have a good time at a nice place, and believe me, like many, we do not mind paying a little extra for something good and something that is worth its price...secondly, I was seriously hoping this stay would have a miracle cast upon it. But I know this isn't the case and I am starting to feel like I am being robbed here folks. This nice guy is starting to realize he is being taken for granted by the Ritz Carlton San Juan, which at this point is looking more like the Marriott San Juan with nice grounds and a nice lobby!!! So, our last day comes, and we got up and went to the beach today to get away from the rants of the pool. We were nicely greeted at the beach entrance, and were led to chairs, towels and umbrellas at the place of our choice; nice beach, very fine sand and a nice warm ocean, great...we should have done this from the beginning I started to think, but who would know that we would wait once again for any type of service on the beach...not seeing a single service person on the beach until we were getting ready to leave didnt make for a happy beach day. I just dont understand how a place like this could be so understaffed and so inexperienced. When it was time to check out, I became a little smarter (too late though) so I sat down at lunch, ordered my food, then went to the front desk line, knowing it would be a wait of at least a half hour or so to get to the front desk once again, and guess what...when I finally checked out and went back to my table where my wife and friends were waiting, I only had to wait an additional 15 minutes for the food to get there, LOL!!!...I would have complained to a manager, but was told that she (Jackie) was not available and someone would call her if I wished to wait...No thanks, but I have to catch a plane in an hour to make it back to reality and I don't want to miss it. For the price, go someplace else, I recommend the One Only Resort locations, much better staff, much better food, much better EVERYTHING!!!! Puerto Rico, my apologies, but I won't be coming back as the only thing you have going for you at this point is the sun, and you can get that just about anywhere for free!!!

The Princess was Spectacular saona boat ride

What a find View from room 2005 - Day

Near perfect experience We booked 4 days at the Argonaut on the recommendation of a friend who had stayed there and it was a great decision. The hotel staff was very friendly, and the rooms were nicely decorated and very clean. We had a King room, which was quite small, but we knew that would be the case. It didn't really feel that small for just 2 people. The linens were great and the bathroom nicely done. Our only complaint with the room was that the walls were a little thin and we could hear the people next door pretty well when they got up--probably woudn't even have noticed had we not wanted to sleep in and they wanted to get up at 6:30 a.m.. The location was excellent. It is right on the edge of the real touristy part of Fisherman's Wharf and accessible to lots of restaurants, Starbucks, etc. It is really close to the trolley and very close to bus routes, so easy to get anywhere. It is quite a ways from BART but there are easy ways to get there. This hotel is a great place to stay and is a good value for the money.

EXCELLENT SERVICES I have just returned to Guam after staying twice at the Aqua Honolulu Prince in Oahu, Hawaii. I am a returning guest of the hotel because of its excellent services. The staff, especially the guys at the front desk, particularly Mike and Isao are two of their best people. As an administrator who has been traveling since 1974, I have had my share of hotels and motels during my many years of travel. I have stayed at five or six stars and I have also stayed at lesser expensive hotels such as Motel 6. To me, it is not so much that a hotel has to offer in terms of its amenities, but rather the services the hotel and its staff provides. Over the last three consecutive years of my travel through or to Honolulu, I have always asked to stay at this hotel simply because of the excellent services that its staff are providing the guests. To me Mike and Isao are the people who makes this hotel a six star in terms of its excellent services. I am planning to continue to stay at this hotel all of my future travel to Hawaii.Keep up the excellent work, Mike and Isao, and I hope to see you soon.With warmest and gratified Aloha,Yoichi K. RengiilDirector, TRIO Programs[-]

A really good choice in Barcelona Having stayed at this hotel with Ford Motor Co in 1992, when planning a week's trip to Barcelona in August 2005 we decided to re-visit the hotel as a family and were so pleased that we did.The hotel were more than helpful when we booked their 'package' on line and, despite other reviews content, the reception speak very good english!and made sure all our requests were dealt with.We were travelling with my 10 year old son and the hotel upgraded us to a 6th floor balcony room which was quieter and was so nice to sit out on after a long day sightseeing. The rooms are not huge but could not be called small in any way and are very comfortable and well furnished-especially the marble bathrooms.Although we didn't book the family package with museum visits etc., the hotel very kindly left one of the Gran Havana teddy bears which were part of the pack in the room for my son-a very nice touch.The location is absolutely ideal for all the major tourist attractions and an easy 20 minute journey from the airport.In the 10 years plus since first visiting this hotel the standards, service and furnishings were every bit as good second time round and I would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel.This is an excellent choice when visiting Barcelona-go there!!

Waikiki Wave - Great Location and Value My wife and I stayed at Waikiki Wave for 8 nights, 8/28-9/5 2008 for our first visit to Hawaii. I made the selection due to the high rating on TripAdvisor as well as the central location. We arrived around 10pm after a 12+ hour flight from Florida via Atlanta...and check-in was quick. I had booked a Deluxe Room...and noticed that the day before we left that although the rate for the first 3 days of our stay had gone up, the last 5 days the cost had gone down...I emailed and asked if we could take advantage of the new rates, and got an immediate email response that canceled our first reservation and a new reservation made that saved us over $100 for the 8 nights. MUCH APPRECIATED!Although we came back many afternoons to find that our room had not been refreshed yet, having previously had part ownership in a Sleep Inn, I can understand the need to make over the rooms of those that check-out before doing the rooms of the continuing guests. Our room was on the 12th floor (1213) which allowed great views to the east -- and even the top most point of Diamond Head, a couple wide views of the Pacific to the south, and view of the north with great rainbows after the short afternoon rain over the mountain. The balcony overlooked the entertainment area of the International Market Place... which always ended by 10pm, so was not an interference at all for sleep.The Expedia staff at the Concierge staff were very helpful in making suggestions for tours, and we did a last minute choice to fly to the Big Island for the Volcano Night tour. We did not rent a car -- but walked almost everywhere due to the central location to Waikiki. We did get the 4-day Visitor Bus Pass for $20 and used it for such trips to Diamond Head and even to the North Shore to get one of the famous snow cones. We had gone past it on our Grand Island Tour a few days earlier ... and Honolulu has an amazing public bus transit system.We usually ate breakfast in our room (did not opt for the continental breakfast plan) since we had a microwave and refrigerator. We found that most all the nicer eating places had lunch prices or early birds until 5 or 6pm. We saved a great deal by eating earlier. This included Cheesecake Factory, Atlantis, etc. The gift shop at the front entrance had deals as good as the International Market Place and Dukes Lane, and went in there about everyday to pick up shirts, hats, even snacks. The clerk was tireless there from open to close and very helpful. (The Food Pantry just a couple blocks away across the street to the east is a full grocery store, and a better option to the ABC Stores for food items - has deli areas as well.)Aqua Resorts seem to have their act together and have done almost a phenomenal job at remodeling this older hotel (a few cracked tiles in the shower, but all plumbing worked fine). The bed was one of the most comfortable we have had in a hotel ... the decor was exactly like their website photos - no bait switch and tactics with the photos. The lobby was smaller than the larger hotels but more than adequate with a seating area, the concierge desks, and a few small shops, plus a couple restaurants, business center, etc. The free Wi-Fi seemed slow although I had a very good to excellent signal ... so opted for my Sprint Broadband Wireless modem most of the time. All the staff from the front desk to maintenance to housekeeping always greeted us with an Aloha and/or Mahalo which shows they really care about their guests.This is certainly a location to consider as an option to the higher priced rooms in the area...and very centrally located.

Everything was as told - 100% satisfied Natura Park was better then the description I read about.Service was as good as it gets. The a la carte dining could nothave been any better. You GET MORE amenities then what otherresorts offer for more money. The beach the ocean water couldnot have been any better. For the money I rate it a TEN. EMK

No Complaints from us Just got back from a 10 night stay in Frankfurt (1/27/08-/2/06/08). The staff was friendly and spoke English very well. We looked forward to breakfast every morning and enjoyed the snacks and warm beverages in the lobby. The internet room was a great perk as we checked our e-mail every couple days. The drinks in the mini-bar were another nice perk (O.J./ Beer/ Pepsi/Water). We used Frankfurt as a base for several day trips (Basel, Strausbourg, Wiesbaden, Cologne) so the location right across the street from the south entrance to the Hauptbahnhof was ideal. About 10-15 minute walk to the Main, Romerburg, the Ziel, Stadel etc. We will stay at the Excelsior again.

Overall Good, missed details Just returned from a stay a ppc with friends. Overall the resort was very nice. The food was good, not great, just good. The staff was good for the most part. The rooms were nice. The resort just has some work to do to smooth out the details to become really first class.Arrived late at punta cana by about 8 hours due to the ice storm on the east coast and the total incompetentcy of whomever runs Philadelphia Airport. (Easily the WORST airport in the nation)We were immediatly jumped on by the baggage handlers at punta cana airport. They are very aggressive. When we asked for a cab we were hussled to a cab that in hindsight was probably working with the baggage handler. The ride to PPC was done without the usage of headlights (very exciting) since the cab had some sort of mechanical problem. I suggest you call your resort and have them send a cab instead of using one of the cabs hanging around the airport.When we arrived at the resort there was some confusion because of the expedia booking system when you split one resevation for 4 people between two credit cards. Expedia puts all the tickets and rooms under the name of the first credit card. There we met a Bellman named Eddie Wilson ( a true shining bright spot of our trip) We were taken to our room and found it was not the jetted tub upgrade we had paid for. Eddie Wilson ( who speaks english, a rareity at PPC) got on the phone to the front desk and told them that we had to have an upgraded room. From what I could catch with my VERY LIMITED spanish the front desk wanted to put us in a room for the night and fix it tommorrow. Eddie insisted they fix the problem NOW. He stayed with us and 30 minutes and several phone calls later we had our upgraded room. Then while we unpacked Eddie Wilson went back to the front desk and got our keys changed. My wife tipped him $10 and from that point on he looked out for us and tried his best to take care of us.Here is where they started to miss the details necessary to become a true 5 star resort. We were unable to make golf starting times even though greens fees were included in our package because the guest relations desk had closed. We were unable to get a lock for our in room safe because they were out of them at the front desk. The next day my friend and I attempted to get a golf starting time at guest relations and we were told just to go out to the golf course because they always have cancelations. The course the resort includes in the golf package is a 15 minute ride from the resort. When we got there we were told the starting times were full. We tried to make starting times for the rest of the week and we had 2 choices 7:20 AM or 11:45 am. nothing in betweenso we scheduled some of each. We then returned to the resort and found that our wives had been unable to get beach towels because they ran out of them (another detail missed)The remainder of our stay was typical resort, eat too much, drink too much and play a lot of golf. You have to walk a lot from the residential area to the Lobby area, about 1/4 mile because they do not have enough shuttles running (anohter detail missed) so be prepared. The target groups for PPC is Euorpeans and Families not American Couples.We extended our room to 2 pm on get away day and had our fried Eddie Wilson pick us up get our cab to the airport. All smooth on the way out.If you go to PPC DO:Ask for Eddie WilsonGet up early to get a beach towelMake all your starting times for your stay ASAP with the golf courseEat lunch at the beach buffet at least onceLearn some Spanish before you go.DO NOTRely on guest relations, she (there is only one) is overwhelmedExpect the staff or the waitstaff to speak englishExpect to get a snack between 4 and 6 all food service shuts downGo near the casino, just burn your money its faster

Great hotel in a great location We stayed for 3 nights at less than 75 pounds a night and we were thrilled with the hotel. It is located within a five minute walk of Westminster Abbey and the Parliament buildings. Our room was modern with funky furnishings although it was a bit small. The washroon and shower facilities were excellent. The room was very clean and serviced daily. Air conditioning and heating worked fine. Service from the staff was friendly and helpful. A nice touch was the supply of free DVDs for viewing in the room. Free wireless internet access was available in the lobby and wired access was available in the room. We did not like the hotel bar very much as it seemed a bit pretentious but there were several excellent pubs in the immediate area.

Great value My wife and I stayed here at the beginning and end of our Mexico vacation. It was a great value for our weekend stays. Located inthe center of Mexico City nothing was too far but it is in a bit of a Metro dead zone. Nothing a ten minute walk couldn't solve. The room was smallish but very well appointed. The staff was very friendly and helpful. We just took breakfast there but it was well prepared and very reasonable. Most of the guests seemed to be Mexican so the tourism buzz was very low key, which was nice.

Great Location - Restaurant a bit fishy San Francisco has been high on my 'must visit' list since I was ten...second only to Lightwater Valley, Ripon, North Yorkshire (a dubious theme park, where for a long time said 'theme' was factory farming...)So after exploding the myth of cattle based recreation many years ago, the lure of San Francisco finally reeled me in this year on a mammoth road trip from LA to Vegas with my wife-to-be and two year old son.And, unlike a rollercoaster based on a rat, San Francisco didn't dissapoint...nor did The Argonaut.On arrival, you're greeted by the oddly attired Valet (imagine what a Carribean policman would look like kitted out by Jean Paul Gaultier and you're not far off) who politely whisks away your car without any awkward 'tip me' glances...a nice touch. Similarly, there were no pangs of 'how much do we tip?' when the bellboy unloaded our bags in our room. I should point out that myself and my wife aren't tight....just shy.The room was as billed...great quality, nice exposed brick and headache inducing carpets all round....I loved it.Downsides: We had a 'quiet' interior room that faced onto a void in the middle of the hotel...hardly inspiring in a city with so much to see...I would have paid extra to have a view...any view.The bathroom was small and I wasn't impressed by the rather sorry shower curtain...in a hotel of this standard, I'd have expected glass...The adjoining restaurant is seafood based, so if you're a fishetarian like myself, best look elsewhere for your tucker. (Breakfasts at the restaurant / diner directly opposite the hotel entrance were superb)Minor irritations for what turned out to be a great 3 night stay.San Francisco was well worth the 23 year wait...highly recommended.

5 Stars and thumbs up! Stayed here as the first stop of my in Bali, and all I can say is Ellie's is a damn good deal. From just USD40, you get a spacious (really HUGE!) and fully equiped modern room (with or without balcony), with a splendid bathroom stocked with home-made toiletries. Included is a decent breakfast, return transfers, dvd library that comes with Extras and Little Britain, and last but not least, Sam's excellent hospitality.One thing that impressed me most: On the day of our departure, Jean the contracted driver who was supposed to send us to Kuta was working, so Sam arranged and paid for a taxi transfer. I don't usually expect this level of service from an inn, but Sam remains committed to his guests so that's brilliant.Although the location of the inn may not be beach front, or right smack in a 'hip' area, but its a short journey to everywhere. With Sam's recommendation, we went on a 5 hour trip to Gerger beach (damn gorgeous beach with minimal sunbathers), Uluwatu for sunset, and Jimbaran beach for dinner, all for just Rp270,000 in Jean's super comfortable leather upholstered land rover. Fyi, Jean is Ellie's contracted driver, a down-to-earth honest guide, and he stays next door.I'm glad I chose Ellie's over Westin and Conrad, as it was a good opportunity to experience balinese hospitality minus the absurb touristy expenses. Although we only stayed for a night, it was certainly memorable and I can't wait to be back. Sam and Lucy: Congratulations on your upcoming wedding! Best wishes from Singapore!

Understated luxury More photos

Quaint Location - Must Try! Was given a very good rate hence decided to give the hotel a try. Initially concerned about the location as there's no MTR station within sight, but alas my fears were unfounded! Hotel Jen is located in a smashing neighbourhood full of local eateries and McD and KFC and even a wet market nearby! Best of all, its only 10 mins by bus to Central for everything posh and luxurious! Hotel has everything I need without being OTT. Luxurious bedding, free wifi (which is EXTREMELY IMPT IMO), dvd player, decent restaurant, fantastic seaview (ok not the pretty harbour who cares), pool and a gym, which is extremely rare for mid-range HK hotels. The hotel also has in place plenty of green features such as electricity auto switch off once key card is removed from slot.My only gripe is the Jen Lounge which although is pretty, lacks in service. During both times I was there, the only staff on duty felt sloppy, and breakfast was simply not inviting. Croissants and other breads were cold and hard, so I suggest its wiser to eat at the cafe. The hotel also offers a hourly shuttle bus service (mornings and evenings only) to 6 locations, so you can conveniently use it for macau ferry transfer, mtr connection or even pick-up/drop off to HK station for mtr to the airport. Brilliant!

Stay Away thin mattress camoflaged by duvet

Fireworks fiesta! Threw a party over the weekend (5/8) to catch the fireworks festival, and the view from 1802 (Marina) was superb. Loved the humongous Sharp Aquos LCD tv, a DVD player is also provided so remember to bring your own movies.Other than the delicious bak kut teh and very fresh orange juice, Breakfast spread was just so so. IMO, Oriental wins hands-down.Late check-out was not accomodated, rollaways fully taken despite request made more a month ago, but otherwise requests were met within a short period of time.Worth staying only with a good rate.

Great place, nice service, very cheap! Redwood Inn

Mercure Checkpoint Charlie -Wunderbar October 7 2008. My wife and I stayed here for 4 nights to celebrate our Ruby anniversary. The staff, without exception, could not have been more helpful. In particular, we would like to mention Michalina who on finding out about our special anniversary even brought us heart shaped chocolates!! We stayed on a BB basis and the breakfast could not be faulted and there was a wide variety of dishes to choose from.Our room was large,spotless, it had a King size bed and the bathroom even had a heated floor.Great after a shower! It is 5 minutes walk from Stadtmitte U bahn station-go towards Checkpoint Charlie, then take the 2nd turning on the left. Most places are possible to walk to including the Brandenburg Gate,Tiergarten,Reichstag, Unter Den Linden. Great Italian trattoria(1st right from hotel) fantastic pasta but closed Sundays. When next in Berlin will stay here,central,and great staff. Great hotel,great location

OK but I wouldn't come back We stayed in the Hostal Capitol a few years ago and that was fine so this time decided to stay in the Hotel Toledano part of the building. Elevator was not working when we arrived so had to carry our bags up 4 flights of stairs. Checked in on the 4th floor but our room was actually on the third floor through another locked door saying Hotel Toledano. The room was half painted and half plastered and smelt of damp or wet paint or something. The room was quiet as it was at the back of the building away from the street but you can hear people in the other rooms. The bathroom was very dated and I didn't like to touch the shower curtain. On reflection, I don't think there was really any difference between the hotel and hostal rooms. We paid 70 euros per night which seems expensive for the standard of accomodation. There is free internet which is good but I wouldn't stay here again.

Nice Hotel - Central Location We stayed in the Parc 55 hotel for 4 nights during mid July; on arrival we were talked into upgrading to a Club Room which included breakfast in the club lounge. Our room was on the 25th floor with views over the city Overall the upgrade was well worth the money.The hotel is very well positioned being close to the BART, cable cars and local transprort. Its very close to major shopping areas - our teenage daughters particularly liked Forever 21 clothing store situated 200metres away. There were a number of vagrants in the area, and indeed in San Francisco, but generally they were harmless and usually polite.We found the hotel of a high standard with pleasant staff and would not hesitate to go back there.

Beautiful Grounds and Beach My girlfriend and I didn't originally book this hotel, but the one we had booked was being refurbished so they 'upgraded' us. The hotel is very impressive to look at and is set in beautiful gardens and there is a beach which drops off the back which is just a nice. I found the hotel room was more than enough room for 2 people, although the bathroom was a tight squeeze! The rooms were extremely clean, as were the stair wells and balconies. I saw the odd fly/mosquito whilst I was out there, and of course, ants around the drinks areas, but other than that, not one single spider or other insects.The food was simply 'ok'. It was nothing to crow over, however, was enough to satisfy your needs. Be careful that the food is heated throughout, as I did come unstuck with lasagne which was only 'warm' and gave me a funny tummy. I did enjoy the breakfasts though.Some staff were extremely rude, however, the majority were nothing short of perfect. The bar staff can normally understand basic English, so enough to order your drinks. My only major gripe with the whole holiday was the evening entertainment. Most of it in Spanish, which is fair enough as it's a Spanish speaking country, however, they didn't really cater for English speaking holidaymakers.I thoroughly enjoyed my time here. I found the atmosphere relaxing and fun too. I would recommend this hotel to couples who want to spend the week together and chill out. PS : We heard that June was wet season..... we had beautiful sunshine all week!

the real new york library We booked (sorry) the library hotel for our last two nights of our honeymoon. The staff and the room were fantastic. In my initial email I stated that it was to be our last two nights and they upgraded us to the love room which has a balcony overlooking madison avenue and with partial views of the real new york library. Nothing was ever too much and Bill, thank you for getting the pizza's when we arrived too late for the two very nice restaurants next door. We tried the pera the next night, which was turkish/mediteraean food. It was lovely, although a touch expensive overall. My wife baulked at the cost of the library originally, but by the end of it, she agreed that t was well worth it. Great location, romantic and accomodating. Thank you all at the library.

lovely hotel. great value. good position. Great cheap hotel. The room was lovely and clean. You're right by time square, some great restaurants (joe allens was great - get the meatloaf) all the broadway shows, the cheap ticket desk is on the same street if you want to buy same day tickets at half price. We bookended our honeymoon to mexico from london with two nights at the start and end in new york. We finished up at the library, which was over twice the price, although great aswell. i would recommend doing something similair. however if i was to have just one hotel i would go with the 414, there are so many other things in new york to sepnd your money on than just a hotel!

Classy, consistent, and a pleasure Went to HK for business and stayed in the old wing of the Mandarin for one night. The lobby is uninspiring for a hotel of this stature, but thats where the mediocrity ends. The check in was smooth and you are personally escorted to your room. I was given a room on the 18th floor overlooking the harbour which was a lovely view - binoculars were strategically placed on the table for you if you wanted to look across the harbour. The room itself was right at the top end of hotels that I have experienced: flat screen TV with many choices including digital TV, excellent double bed, the technology everywhere was cutting edge from the phone to the electronics. There was even a flat screen TV embedded in the bathroom mirror which enabled you to watch TV while in the bath, shaving etc. The bathroom was of excellent design, bath, roomy shower cubicle with a high end shower, Hermes toiletries, soft towels etc. The only catch is that it seems a bit odd to be staying in a top end hotel and have to pay for wireless internet. In this day and age - when public hot spots are being set up it is a bit of an aberration but then again the Mandarin is not alone. In the morning they deliver two newspapers to you including the IHT which was another special feature compared to other hotels.Went to the gym in morning - it had a spa which I did not use, but the other sports equipment was very high quality and brand new. I am a gym fanatic so I know the difference. Very helpful attendant who makes sure you have everything you need.Breakfast was part of my package, and this was served in the coffee shop (?). Sensible range of food varying from vegetarian, Western and Chinese breakfasts. I enjoyed it thoroughly. Checkout was smooth as silk and the concierge was very helpful. He made sure he escorted me to the door and briefed the taxi on my destination.Overall what impressed me is that the hotel understands their customers needs and their high quality service is predictable and consistent. This ranks among one of my best big city hotel experiences and my compliments to the hotel and the team!

Great place - just go there! The beach

Great One-Nighter We stayed at La Quinta SeaTac one night on Jan 11/2008 in advance of a flight the following morning. The airport shuttle service and drivers were excellent and the room was much better than expected. Desk staff were courteous and friendly, hotel was quiet and the room was very clean. Complimentary continental breakfast was tasty (waffle maker !!) and (free) wireless internet access for my laptop was appreciated. Only drawback to Free computer access in lobby was that inkjet printer was out of ink so couldn't print boarding passes. Front desk explained that it was a contracted service to the hotel and couldn't do anything about it. Suggest upgrading to laserjet printer and having spare cartridges on hand. Overall, an excellent restful stay that kicked off our Florida vacation perfectly. Also a pet-friendly hotel, always appreciated since we often travel with our dog. Would definately stay again for any SeaTac early departure or late arrival.

Great Deal at Sand Villa I stayed at Sand Villa during first week of April 2006. I had read some reviews criticizing the hotel for the carpet, size of rooms, old feel, etc. This isn't the Sheraton and it doesn't charge exorbitant rates. If you want a beautiful fancy hotel, don't stay here and then be unhappy about it. It is what it is. If you are comfortable with modest accomodations, well, this is the place for you.I loved this place as did the rest of the people who I met there. We had an little room with a view of the canal and golf course. The housekeeping staff was very friendly and did a great job of making sure we had clean towels. The front desk staff was incredibly helpful with their knowledge of the local area. Dennis was fantastic with great directions and information.The parking fees are low for that area and the valet service was excellent. There was one time we had to wait for our car but that was the exception.The pool area is quiet and relaxing. The pool was a bit chilly. The Sand bar was a great little place to relax and the free internet access was excellent. The proximity to the beach, bars, shopping and restaurants was only 2 blocks.This is a great place to stay if you are an economy traveller and don't plan on staying in your room to often.

Different Indeed....Great Location This hotel is smack bang in the middle of Madrid and central for a lot of the main sites and museums.For example the royal palace is a five minute walk.Easy to get to from the airport via the metro, Opera station is about two minutes walk away. Buy a tourist card for the metro and buses at the airport station.The hotel. We had a room on the first floor. It was a reasonable size but had no view to speak of. Be warned one of the rooms is adjacent to the breakfast room so everyone in the hotel walks past this door. Room was a little on the small size but clean and obviously recently redecorated. All fixtures and fittings are of the ultra modern design as are the colours used. Definately a matter of taste and I must admit rather an aquired taste.Breakfast was buffet style and was very good catering for the health concious and the not so...Sausages and bacon etc.Overall at good hotel. If you can put up with the decor (see sites for pics) the hotel can be highly recommended, especialy for it's location.

a tokyo gem A gem of a hotel right in the centre of Tokyo.Small reception area staff very friendly polite and helpful.Subway station seconds walk Tokyo main railway station 10mins walk and Ginza shopping area 2mins walk.Rooms small well appointed and air conditioned (this is important in Tokyo ) bed was a bit neat for a european frame but comfortable nevertheless hotel quiet.Restaurant a bit pricey but area is surrounded by restaurants bars coffee shops and a couple convenience stores accross street which are open 24/7.

Excellent hotel - but ... Lots of other people have written about the excellent and friendly service from this hotel. Our experience was the same, every member of staff we met was both efficient and VERY helpful. In that respect this must rate as the best hotel ever, anywhere.The but... is not really a criticism of the hotel, it is a warning about Florence. It is a busy city, with narrow streets and lots of people and nightlife. Our room (overlooking the street) was noisy on Friday and Saturday nights, with revellers until around 3:00 am, and then morning noise from about 7:00. Friends staying in other hotels have found the same problems so it is not peculiar to this hotel.Would I return to this hotel ? YES, but I wouldn't chose to stay in Florence over the weekend again.

Wonderfull hotel A really fabulous hotel. Amazing entrance lobby with huge fresh flower displays, plenty of glass, gold, mirrors chandeliers. To get the best out of this hotel use the Executive floor which has a comfortable private lounge with free refreshments and light snacks all day. It's great to use this hotel as a base, go out for a few hours, come back to the nice lounge and recharge with a snack and drink before going out again.

Nice hotel Typical balcony

Renaissance Parc 55 A well located hotel near all the action. Particularly good for Union Square, shopping and the cable car terminus.A medium quality hotel which does everthing correctly and efficiently. High level rooms are better than lower level which, as previous reviewers noted, are tired and in need of a makeover. The Club Lounge on 31st floor is unusually open 7 days a week and provides a good continental breakfast buffet, all day coffee and a small evening finger buffet and a limited selection of deserts. Good views from the lounge due it being several floors higher than neighbouring buildings. The only problem with the club lounge is the lack of tables for breakfast, as it is laid out as a lounge with sofas and low level glass topped coffee tables. It gets busy in the mornings as it caters for 3 executive floors as well as overspill from lower level rooms when the exec floors are overbooked. Check-in was a bit slow due to lack of staff at the front desk, (only one check-in attendant) but checking out was fast using the express checkout facility. 6 express lifts, ground to 31st floor in about 30 seconds and very little waiting in lobbies after calling for a lift.If you have booked a high level room with club access make sure you get it, don't be fobbed off with a lower level room with card access to the lounge as they try to get away with if you let them. The lower level rooms are not in very good condition and don't have the superb views that the high level rooms have.

It's the staff... Other reviewers have already said it, but I'd like to repeat it: It's the friendly staff at Hotel Cuatro Naciones. My wife and I spent six nights there in the past three weeks: four before a cruise and two after it. My wife lost her plug adaptor, and the staff came up with a box behind the desk and loaned us one. The airline lost our luggage for a day, and the staff brought it up the moment it arrived. We arrived before rooms were ready when our cruise ended, and the staff placed our bags in a locked room until the room was ready, then moved everything themselves. They explained how to get to a theater that has movies in English. It's clean, it's in a great location; it's quiet. The only thing it isn't is expensive. At 85 euros per night (about $115), it's half what most hotels in Barcelona seem to go for.

Very nice hotel View from the bathroom looking into the bedroom

Would definitely recommend We stayed at the UN Millennium Plaza in May/June 2008 for 4 nights and couldn't fault it. The building itself is a huge soaring skyscraper which definitely made you feel like you were in New York straight away, especially as it was our first trip. We had asked for a room with a view of midtown after seeing some of the photos of the amazing views on tripadvisor and we weren't disappointed. We stayed in room 3520, on the 35th floor, and had an amazing view that took in the UN Building, Lower Manhattan in the distance, and the Empire State Building and Midtown. I could lay in bed and see the Empire State Building - who could want a better view?! The room was a 'Deluxe' room I believe (although I'm sure we only paid for a standard) and had a nice, modern decor. The receptionist was always friendly and helpful, as was the concierge the one time we required his assistance. Some reviews have commented on the hotel being a bit out of the way, but it was only a few minutes walk from Grand Central, and we found the area a refreshing respite after the hustle and bustle. And there were lots of places to get food close by, including an indispensible 24hr deli at the end of the street! My only reservation about staying in midtown is that we found it a very tourist-oriented area, so looking for any sort of cool bar scene or nice independant restaurant usually meant having to go downtown. But having said this I would definitely recommend the Millennium UN Plaza, especially for a first visit to New York.

Best in Toronto We have stayed in numerous top hotels in Toronto but this place beats them all .. 4 Season, The Savoy, St Germain etc do not truly compare with the level of service, comfort of rooms and amenities.Each of the other hotels has its distinct pluses but none compare with Soho .. 4 Seasons location for restaurants and interestng shops of Yorkville and committment to service .. Savoy's ambience .. St Germain rooms but it is snooty and cold feeling .. the only down side is the Sohos's location .. a stiff walk to main attractions and better restaurants BUT close to night life of King Street and the funky shops on Queen St.We will be back!

amendment I posted an earlier review about a disappointing stay for a small group at Royal Palms .. I also wrote to the GM, Greg Miller. He has gone over board trying to 'make it right'. I do believe their interest is to be 'guest-centric'. He even refered to my posting here. So if you do book into the property you can rest assured that they will do their all to correct any errors. It IS a romantic setting and while expensive when they do get it right it can be worth it. Certainly better than the hundreds of rooms behemouths they compete with in Scottsdale.don.brown@brownchild.com

Best Value on The Rocks Not sure what hotel some of the reviewers stayed in but after three stays we think this is best value in Sydney. Location could not be better. A bright sparkling clean room with a kitchenette and a small balcony with a view that includes the bridge AND the Opera House! For many multiples more money you could stay at Four Seasons or Westin and have comparable views and an equal location but why spend the money! Our only disappointment was that during our first 2 stays breakfast was included .. now it is a high priced add on. Try the small bakery a short walk down the stairs to the next lower street.don.brown@brownchild.com

5 Stars!! I've stayed at Iberostar Bavaro during August of 2006 and I must say... Excellent hotel. The complex is filled with exotic plants and pools. The rooms are very nice, ours had a view to Bavaro beach and to the pool. We had All-Inclusive which is great because it allow us to enjoy not only the buffet but also the different restaurants (to which you need to reserve a table in advance) - I recommend te Mexican Restaurant (and the Margeritas). In adition to the hotel, Bavaro beach (right in front of the hotel) is also a paradise come true, crystal blue (and warm) water and white sand... Everything that one could ask for a Caribbean beach. Overall, an excellent hotel that I recommend to everyone who wishes to enjoy the best of Punta Cana.

I have to say... ish... Miami Beach (hotel's beach)

An average hotel Back in 2004, I went to Punta Cana and stayed at Barcelo Dominican Beach (it used to be called H10 Bavaro Resort). After staying at other hotels (like Iberostar Bavaro) I must rate this hotel as average. It's a tipical 4 star caribbean hotel. A nice lobby, a few good restaurants with a good (but not as good as other hotels) food selection and an okay pool. The rooms weren't nothing special... Small bathroom and the bed was scratched... And the AC was at when I first entered the room (great if you want to catch a cold). The beach is good... What one could expect from Punta Cana... white sand and warm clear blue water. Regarding the animation of the hotel it was good but the staff was kind of pushy to get the people that where lying in the beach/pool to participate at their games. Overall, although is a nice hotel, I recommend that you stay elsewhere because there are definitely best choices for you to enjoy all that Punta Cana has to offer.

Great hotel, in the heart of the Latin Quarter's tourist area My wife and I stayed at the for six nights in mid-July 2006, during the Paris leg of our honeymoon. We were looking for a nice, clean midrange hotel with air conditioning, located in an interesting part of the city. The Albe delivered nicely on all counts were both very satisfied with our choice.At first we were overwhelmed by the incredible choice of lodging in Paris, but we soon narrowed our focus to the Latin Quarter. We could find little agreement among our guidebooks on the best places to stay, so we decided to rely on TripAdvisor.We started by looking at hotels under and were attracted to the Carofftel Gobelins and the Comfort Inn Mouffetard Internet rate on the hotel web site). But since this was our honeymoon and my wife's first trip to Europe, we decided to pay more for air conditioning and upscale decor. We found a deal on a double room on the Paris Charming Hotels web site, which gave us one free night and breakfast for two for the length of our stay. Average price per night worked out to found the service to be quite friendly, albeit than Our guest room and adjoining washroom were both small (by North American standards), but very nicely finished. The bed was comfortable, the shower excellent, the air conditioning efficient, and the common areas modern and immaculate. We also liked the fact that the hotel had a minibar fridge that could be used to refrigerate grocery items, and an in-room safe. Be aware, however, that the elevator is typical of many older retrofitted European buildings, which is to say quite small will often find yourself waiting, or taking the stairs.Unlike some other posters, we were very pleased with the breakfast. True, the selection was a bit limited and the pastries merely adequate, but for a continental breakfast the offerings were perfectly reasonable: boiled eggs, toast, jams, pastries, cereal, yogurt, cheese, and meats. The best part was that, since it was a buffet, we could eat as much as we wanted, which often freed us to eat a snack rather than a full lunch later in the day.Access from CDG airport could not have been better. Even with two large suitcases, and two carry-ons, we had no problem getting to the hotel by RER B. Once above ground (use the Blvd. St. Michel exit), the is a mere throw away. The St. Michel station lies on line 4 of the which also happens to be one of the most useful lines in the city in terms of destinations and connections.The only caution we would offer is that the location in the heart of the Latin tourist restaurant area bustling with street performers and crowds well into the night. Reports from others about early-morning garbage truck noise are also spot-on. We loved the easy access to Notre Dame and the Seine, and the excellent hotel windows kept out 95% of the noise, but those who prefer a quiet neighbourhood should look elsewhere.

Elegantly confortable An efficient but friendly staff welcomes you to this well located hotel in the centre of Paris. Public rooms are quietly elegant; bedrooms are spacious and beds extremely comfortable. Overall difficult to fault.The Louvres Tuileries Notre Dame and Left Bank are all within easy walking distance.

Beautiful Resort - Super time was had by all! Just got back from a weeks stay at the Bahia. We were travelling in a group of eight; four adults with a 13 year old boy, and three girls aged 10. Best way to review this place is to start at the lobby and make your way to the beach.However, first the airport. Have a pen with you in your carry on. You have to fill in immigration forms, one for each in group. Luggage out very quickly. Many people intimidated by luggage porters. A few firm no's are all that is needed. Give them the chance and they'll be off to your bus with your luggage. Important note on return to airport at end of trip. While one in you party gets bags, someone should be off the bus and in line as soon as possible. I felt the check-in process was very long and inefficient, even for the caribbean. Check in was a breeze. Greeted off the bus with women in traditional constume sporting refreshing drinks for the weary travellers. Always like this little touch. Lobby is absolutely breathtaking. A few things. They charge you for the safe in your room, we paid 26 US and I felt that this was really cheap on the hotel's part. Should have been included. Also, WATCH your step in the main lobby. Floors are beautiful marble, buffed each day, and you can't see the stairs. Seriously, this situation was just nuts and would not be tolerated in many places. Man I talked to took out half his face taking a tumble onto the marble floor. You'll see what I mean when you get there. RESORT IS HUGE, but trollies always running up and down middle of resort from beach to lobby. Pueblo Principe, shopping village, was a nice touch and offered a place to go at night. You can bargain with these guys. Tienda for gifts etc next to lobby. Keep for emergencies, you will find better prices. Food: In a nutshell loved it. Main buffet was absolutely awesome. Could not have asked for more. We breakfasted there everyday and all were impressed. Omellettes excellent, juices, fruit, great selection, and the kids loved the crepes. We suppered there 3 times as we had four a la cartes. Same story at dinner, even with group of eight, the longest we waited was about 5 minutes one night and we were there during peak weeks. Not much to add. You'll love it. We lunched most days at Olas 1 right near beach. More limited fare but was adequate for our group. Nice to just throw on sandles, not necessary and lunch near the surf. Again limited. Suggestion would be to go to El Charro Mexican which is about a 2 minute walk. Better selection and some in our group liked it. Note that you will need to put on at least a t-shirt,shorts, sandles, etc. as beach ware not permitted. As stated we had four a la cartes. My only comment on all the a la cartes is that they are geared towards adults with adult tastes. Menus are sophisticated and adults enjoyed while the kids needed to be adventurous. CHECK menus before you book. If you have the chance, try the Beach BBQ at Olas I. It is only held three times a week. Great BBQ, actually had a nice rib steak along with shrimp brochettes, chicken, pork, etc... Was nice touch being outdoors near the beach at night for supper. Mexican a la carte was also superb. Service was AWESOME. Felt like royalty. Food authentic and decor was stunning. Italian was so-so as far as I was concerned, alright but feel you may do better somewhere else. French had good reviews. Our fourth was the mediterannean. First class, food interesting and varied. Adults enjoyed, kids well.... All in all, food very good throughout the resort. Could not find a reason to complain. BUT others will I'm sure.Rooms: Beautiful. Bathrooms stunning. Heard lotsa complaints about mosquitos on first floor and can report that exagerated. Tried to switch, but stayed on first and was not disappointed. Saves on stumbling up stairs after a few Cuba Libres. Just use common sense and keep your doors, front and balcony closed as much as possible. We did have a few in room but not a problem. More at the cottage so you get my drift. Beds too soft, but day bed a little better for slab sleepers. Had quiet neighbours so can't report on noise (My main pet peeve). Party central next door would be a problem. Make sure mini bar stocked. Maids great and will stock bar with water, beer, softdrinks daily. We left a couple of dollars and a few knicks each day and left her twenty on departure. Other family had problems with card key for room. If this happens, get after them at once at front desk and keep after till problem fixed. Squeeky wheel gets....Pools: Must confess beach so nice didn't use pools too often. Middle pools in resort very quiet, good place to read book etc. Topless bathing not limited to beach, so be prepared for your 13 year old to get the odd eyefull!! hehe. Wasn't like that at the beach when I was a kid. Not as many as back in the day in DR, but again the odd one. (two I mean) Beach or main pool enormous. Kids loved it, nice touch with fountain in middle. Kinda resort that has stuff going on but you need to get up and find out. Note to rresort, get rid of the wooden planks that stop you from slipping crossing the bridges at pool and replace with plactic mats or something. Absolutely absurd and coupled with the lobby steps and invisible walls in pool, a lawyers dream of a resort. Take advantage of the free scuba lesson at pool. Show up at about 10:45. My son and I both enjoyed it.Beach: Gorgeous. Seems you need to get up at three am to reserve a chair under cover, but we managed on most days. Recommend getting up for sunrise if you can. Free and great for the kids. Also recommend getting water taxi to take you out to scuttled ship on reef. You can't miss this thing and the kids absolutely found it thrilling. We paid 30 US for seven of us to make the trip. I'd do it again if I could. If you are going to walk on beach, seems going south is the better way to go, market about 30 minute walk from resort. Swimming really nice, sandy bottom and no need for water shoes. I felt didn't offer as much snokeling as I like or am used to in Cuba, but reef is there if you wnat to risk life and limb. DON'T pass the swimming lines at beach even if you're tempted. Boats come by all the time and will take you out. We went to reef with excursion. Cost us 29 US per. Thrill for some if never done, but I felt it was a disappointment as far as reefs go. Was there 19 years ago and seemed better. Maybe was the day, who knows. We had 13 and 10 year old with us and they managed. Banana boat may be better use of funds for the kids. Reserve boats as early as possible.Shows: I felt them a tad above average, Cuba anyways, and actually watched a few. Great dancers and they are always practicing. Well attended mainly because there are so many guests.Bars: Service great at all bars and will fill whatever you want with whatever you want. Bar in lobby very nice. Felt all bars closing at 11 was too early. You need to go to Pueblo to get drink after that. Felt lobby bar should have been open till 12 at least. No hassles, nice crowd looking for a nice drink. Again, watch your step!!!Excursions: Only one I can comment on was my 13 year old and I did the Monster truck Safari. Highly recommend, nice blend between learning and seeing DR culture and rural lifestyle with bombing around in these huge Army personnel carriers from the 60's. Seems you go out farther afield on the monster trucks vs. the Outback and Bavaro runners but trade off with each. Go and you can be sure you will enjoy it. If you go bring lotsa dollar store stuff , school supplies, hats for the countless kids at the schools you stop at. SAVE some for what I understand were the Haitian kids at the sugar plantation we visited at the end of the trip. They seem to be in the most need. Great time and a real eye opener.A free trip that my buddy, my son and I took was a trip to the Don Lucas cigar factory. Free transport and since we planned on buying cigars, really enjoyed it. They give you a tour how they make their cigars, give you a sample of your preference to try, and a nice glass of DR or Haitian rum to wash it down. Ended up buying their House blend medium strength cigars which I felt were above average and a good buy at 75 US for 25 cigars. Just make sure you pester your ride back, we ended up waiting about an extra hour for him to return. Enjoyed it and fun if you need a small break from beach.All in all, really enjoyed our stay and would recommend resort to others. Beautiful, clean, a real joy at night as lighting is very beautiful. Beach is awesome. Food was above average for sure. Wine (Tinto) was plentiful. Kids loved it. No interest in kids club so can't comment. Rooms great. Will send additonal commnets if I think of any.

presidente rave - corporate event i think not ! ! my partner i travelled with thomson to this hotel 15-30 sept 2008. we arrived monday, everthing fine. on tuesday 16th construction work began all over the complex. advertising hoardings,flags, banners, stageing platforms- one on the beach one in the main pool, lighting towers, large inflatables approx 2 dozen large american double refrigerators dotted here there.FACT presidente gave 48,000 cans of beer away during the 3 days.FACT local tv estimated 1800 locals present on sat evening.FACT the first thomson informed us of this was a note under the door at 03.05am sat 20/09, the party had already been going for 15 hours ! we were in villa 10 so we had a front row seat for the shindig, the verandah doors were rattling.we chose this hotel because thomson billed it as ideal for that well earned rest relaxation we got 2 days rr thats it !staff in reception are the worst i've come across.the bucanero restaurant was billed as fresh seafood-it may have been fresh a couple of years ago but frozen since then, we complained about this but got charged anyway.jose in the sports bar was the saving grace as far as staff are concerned, he is a first rate barman.food in the main restaurant was plentiful but tepid.also travellers beware this is a hotel that brings in lots of locals at the weekends-they dont believe in queuing or child control.my heart went out to the honeymooners-thats memories you cant replace.TO SUM UP I CANNOT BELIEVE THE MANAGEMENT THOMSON THOUGHT THEY COULD GET AWAY WITH THIS WILL NOT BE USING EITHER EVER AGAIN.

Good facilities and location, poor service This hotel is built above a department store and could not be more central. That gives it the usual problem of a tiny street front presence and eight floors to travel before reception. I left my bag with the porter - 35 minds and four phone calls later it was delivered to my room with a surly nod. But I can't credit the phone calls for its receipt, as the phone didn't work either. The room facilities were excellent, and the location could not be bettered if you are in Sydney to shop. Its OK for business too although a little south of the main office area. Hard beds? Not what I found, but the bed is firm and I suspect those who like the soft American style might call that hard. At the discount rate I paid, this was very good value for the facilities, but I never sighted service in the hotel. Curiously the J P Bastiani restaurant had excellent service but very ordinary food.

OK airport hotel close to airport This is a standard 3-star Holiday Inn close to Seattle-Tacoma International Airport. Good free transfer service to and from the airport. Comfortable soundproof rooms. Basic restaurant - you won't starve but unmemorable. Hopeless night manager at 2am - we finally sorted our intended room after two mistakes on his part and treks to the room and back on ours. Well furnished clean rooms. You can actually walk to the airport (we did for a stroll) and if you had the directions right and little luggage could do it on foot if you knew where you were going. With a good transfer service why bother. There are quite a number of other hotels along the same strip. We had a good light brunch at the Hilton, but in terms of independent restaurants there are only appalling American chain restaurants offering oversize fried meals within walking distance. So if you want a good meal, choose one of the nearby hotels. Day time desk service was excellent - we dealt with several different desk clerks and all were excellent, it was only the night manager who did not have a clue. A useful feature is a 24-hour accessible business centre where you can check in on line and print boarding passes. Good value at the price (discounted) which we paid.

Excellent location to base a visit The Hyatt at Embarcadero is an older hotel which has been maintained to a good but not exceptional standard. Its real strength is the location - away from the shambles of Fisherman's Wharf or the night-risky areas near Union Square (the latter is not my view but a statement by authorities as to risk spots while we were there). It has one cable car at its front door, the major bus and tram routes next to that, and an easy walk across to the Ferry Terminal (worth a visit anyway for food stalls and cafes). We upgraded to a Club room which entitled us to (amongst other things) light breakfast on the top floor each day looking out across the Bay - a great spot. Over 3 days we found that this is a perfect base for local touring. Good value at the discounted price we paid.

Mixed feelings... Although the majority of the staff we encountered was helpful, some were not as willing to go beyond their call of duty. The use of the business centre is not free (which in my opinion it should be if you're staying at a 4* hotel), and the computer itself was ancient and slow. The room was small and cozy but we found hairs on our bed sheets which made us question the cleanliness of the place. The hallways had a funny smell too. The bathroom although small was clean so no major complaints there. The walls are paper thin so be sure to bring ear muffs. The hotel's location is not the best, but convenient enough for the metro stop Alonso Martinez which connects about 3 lines of the metro including #10 which takes you to Barajas Airport. The hotel is also close enough to La Chueca which was cool.

Great Hotel Fira Palace has a great location in Montjuic, right next door to MNAC (Museo Nacional de Arte Catalana) with its massive splendor and magic fountains. The hotel itself is on a quiet street yet close enough to Plaza and Av. Para.lel where one can catch the metro or the Airbus to El Prat Airport. Room was clean and efficient with a sparklingly clean and spacious marble shower. The staff was unbelievable helpful and the bar staff absolutely charming. Highly recommended...

Fantastic stay, flat out View off one of the balconies

awesome resort right on a beautiful clean beach We just got back from 5 nights stay in the Tropical terrace room and all I can say is that it was amazing. I have stayed in alot of resorts around the world and I thought the smaller size of this resort made it more personal and friendlier than the others.We were lucky as the resort wasnt busy when we were there so it was easy to get a lounge on the beach and relax all day. The water was very clear and clean and the swimming area is one of the biggest along the Nusa Dua coast. The water sport activity's actually make it more fun as you can watch people all day going past and it isn't as noisy as most people said. If you want to do water sport activity's walk down the beach and book direct through the operators as it is alot cheaper than the activity counter at the resort. The beach bar was great, especially the happy hour(Buy one, get one free) from 5 to 7 every night. The meals on the beach for lunch and tea were good, great pizza, get an accor membership as all meals are half price.The breaky buffet was great but I reconmend not doing the buffet tea, heaps of restaurants down the road which were fantastic and cheap. Eat at the one with the big pizza oven out front, we had no problems there.Our room was very clean and we couldnt hear any noise at night and it was a nice stroll to the pool or beach. The pool is good but as the ocean was so clean we so we spent everyday in it and only had one swim in the pool.The staff are very friendly but tend to be a little slow with service but who cares, we weren't in a rush. We also stayed at the sofitel in Seminyak but wished we stayed extra nights at the Novotel as it was so more relaxed and personal.I give it my thumbs up and hope to go back next year

Time for an update and to stop nickel and diming you to death I booked the hotel because it is the only Western hotel chain next to the Zona Rosa. The Zona Rosa is the gay section of Mexico City and has bars, rest., clubs, etc. The hotel is typical of a 3 star Shearton. If you book a room with a king bed expect a very small room. I moved into a double bed room which was huge compared to the king bed room. The carpet and furniture are dated and worn. As a Platinum member I was upgraded to a Platinum floor which means able to eat in the club on the 18th floor which saves money for breakfast and dinner. (You cannot wear shorts in the club room they will send you back to change) The club is very nice and so is the staff. There are a few drawbacks to the hotel. FIrst there is no sound proofing between the walls or the outside. Therefor if you are visiting over a weekend you will hear disco music if your room faces the Zona Rosa so avoid these rooms. Unfortunately these rooms have the best veiw of the Angel. You will also hear the other adjoining guests in their room and especially out in the hall. been awoken daily by doors slamming from other guests. The Air Conditioner does not cool very well, especially late night so you will awake feeling wet/clamy. If you are a person who likes it cold avoid this hotel. I also do not appreciate the cost for the gym, coffee, etc. Unless you are a platinum starwood member I would sooner spend the money at the Marco Polo hotel. It has a better location and appears nicer. Have fun.

Exellent value for a 3 star hotel. I cannot agree more with the other reviews written about the Caravaggio. Although the hotel is not in old town it is just a short walk to town. The rooms are clean, decorated great with old world furniture. The bathroom even had a jacuzzi tub! The beds are comfortable and the air conditioning worked great. The staff is extremely helpful. The view from our room to the back court yard was beautiful. You can walk from the train station to the hotel, it is about a 5 minute walk.

The Plunge was Fantastic! This place is the place to be in South Beach - If you are looking for the hottest spot. The Hotel staff were friendly and eager to please and the concierge AKA Ralph - was beyond excellent! He arranged reservations to the best spots, got us tables at all the right places and took care of getting us through the doors to all the clubs.The rooms were modern, clean and the beds comfortable. The highlight of the place is the rooftop pool area is run by another management group, but you would never know the way they liaison with hotel staff. Joe took care of every last detail and never missed a beat. Great Stay and I cannot wait to get back. My only complaint - avoid the restaurant attached to the hotel - even though it's a high end name and full of the 'right' people - service and food is awful. Find the Meat Market on Lincoln for the best food and service.

Space, Comfort and the Right Price The bathroom

A Diamond Amidst the Clutter More photos

Recommended My wife and I booked a week in August through Virgin Atlantic and chose the Beacon as it seemed to offer good value for money and had good reviews, and we weren't disappointed. Although our room wasn't the largest it was exceptionally clean and quiet with a superb kitchenette area that had all the equipment you could need. The room occupied a corner on the 23rd floor and the view made up for it's size as you could look out with a clear view to the tree tops of Central Park and beyond. Considering we were in the middle of a vibrant city It was all very relaxing.The staff are friendly and obliging and we could not find any fault. The lack of an onsite restaurant is not an issue as the Viand Cafe next door opens at 6:30 and shuts late. It has an extensive menu and provides breakfasts that will set you up for the day. If you were of a lazy disposition you could eat here all week and not finish the menu.Be sure to go to the Fairway supermarket opposite, it's everything a food store should be.

Shabby chic, or just shabby and chic? I stayed at the W Westwood for one night. I got a great deal on a room that was very spacious and well appointed, but very dirty. The couches and carpets had stains, etc. On balance, I could've put up with it if it weren't so darn far from downtown. I was there for work and the drive to downtown LA from Westwood was a nightmare in the morning. Beware if this is for business travel.The bar was very busy on Saturday night. The scene was more obnoxious than hip, but it was a scene nonetheless. If I had business actually nearby this hotel, I would consider staying here again, despite the shabby room. The staff was very pleasant, and the food at the restaurant was quite good.

Nice room/good location Super efficient staff starting w/valet-luggage; reception and an exceptionally efficient/knowledgeable concierge (3 of them alternate shifts!). Rooms clean nice size. Location convenient.Hotel restaurant excellent w/noted chef.Bay Trans (617 872 0496) dependable (posh vans) reasonable if you need shuttle service to/from airport or cruise terminal

Old world grandeur Old world grandeur at this downtown hotel. Rooms are varied in size. Our smoking club floor room was very large; immaculate with a European decor flavor. The downside was the one person only bathroom with its ancient fixtures in really urgent need of upgrade. That is just a heads-up, not enough of a problem to keep you away.Staff was nice, courteous...almost. Their Sports Bar was very busy; the staff was unable to cope with the situation exemplified by the person answering the phone stating they were too busy to answer how long a wait there was for a table there. Fortunately, there are other choices in the hotel as well as nearby.If you are looking for a downtown hotel, the property is a good option. (Especially if you are into buying wholesale jewelry since the jewelry marts are close by.)

Teriffic Choice When your taxi pulls up to the front door (don't even think of driving yourself), you will be sure you made a huge mistake; the street is not exactly welcoming, the front not impressive. We actually went in and began to think of ways to cancel. Forget it. This hotel is a real find. Despite the exterior, the rooms are charming, the location 90% of perfect, the staff extraordinarily helpful (including a retired art professor from Conneticut who has lived in Italy for the last forty years). Try for one of the two rooms with a patio. Skip the breakfast - there is a fabulous bakery two blocks away where the locals stand (don't sit, it doubles the price). This hotel is a real value with history, comfort, and charm. We will return.

A good choice - well done This was our first trip to Madrid and we (my wife and I) were looking for somewhere comfortable to stay 1 night. We selected the Hotel Villa Real based on traveladvisor reviews and we were not disappointed - it was a good choice. The location was quiet (as other reviewers had remarked). The room was large and spacious, with a lower level given over to living (including a comfortable red leather settee and a balcony). Exhausted from our shopping expedition, we dined that night in the hotel restaurant (the more casual one) and had an excellent risotto. We would certainly stay in Hotel Villa Real again.

Ocean Bavaro was good! Main Lobby

What a Beauty !!! Stayed in the Swissotel in Feb. The hotel is just at a fantastic location. Its walking distance to Darling harbour, Sydney Tower, Showboat Dinner cruise departure centre etc. Bridge climb centre i also very close by though not walking distance. The shower is the best i could get in sydney and also the rooms are very spacious. Staff very helpful as well. Breakfast was wonderful. All in all a very good hotel for the price.

Bad reception - rooms quite good We stayed at this hotel in Sep 2008. Although the location and the rooms are quite good the reception is pathetic. The staff there do not know proper english i am sorry to say. Also the staff at the reception lie a lot. We came to the hotel at 1300 Hrs and enquired if our 2 rooms were avaiable. Only one room was given to us which was acceptable as the normal check in time was 1400 Hrs. However the other room was not given to us till 1530 Hrs. And whenever we spoke to the reception the girl lied to us that the housekeeping staff has not cleaned the room. Actually they were unable to keep the room ready from the earlier passenger. alo once when i checked into the room a housekeeping staff just barged into my room. I was shocked. They still had to do some cleaning of the room which she did and left. Other than this experience the rooms were of OK standard and the location was close to China Town and Darling Harbour.I suggest you this hotel however just beaware of the reception.

Great Service and consistent with other properties I live in NY but will stay at NYC hotels when celebrating certain occasions with my wife. We celebrated Valentine's Day and spent a night at this hotel. I selected one of the packages they were offering for that weekend. I almost selected the helicopter ride package but felt the couples massage would be a better value. I'm glad I did.Overall appearance: The property is very clean and there were a lot of business people around. It's a few blocks away from Wall Street, so it seemed that this is one of the places to meet for a off site meeting or an after-work place to meet for drinks. The hotel is a bit difficult to find unless you (or your cab driver) is familar with Battery Park.Room: Very surprised with the size. I was quite happy with it. It wasn't as small as I anticipated and had a very nice sized bathroom. The shower had a good flow for being on a higher floor and very powerful. (I know a few people that would find that point helpful..) Rooms were clean and a comfortable bed. I had a harborview room and it also came with a telescope to check out the Statue of Liberty. You can save up to $100 bucks to get a city view room which I would have done had it not been part of the package. Besides, do you spend most of your stay looking out your window?Massage:The massages that were part of the package were EXTREMELY relaxing. The two women who gave us massages were very professional and knew what they were doing. My wife and I agreed that it was well worth it. The spa is located on the harbor side, so unless a firetruck comes blaring down the West Side Highway, you really can't hear the city noise that much. Plus, they had music playing at a comfortable level. In a few short minutes, you end up relaxing and ready for the massage.Before we went out to dinner, we grabbed a few drinks at the top floor bar. Great views and the clientel were young professionals. You'll pay premium prices since it's the Ritz, but the bartender made great martini's and gimlets. We returned that evening for our Valentine's Day Chocolate Bar dessert. The staff was nice enough to accomodate us an hour earlier than our original reservation time. The Chocolate Bar was in a private room with about 10 other couples. Think Salad Bar but with desserts. Not monstrous slices of cake or mousse, but small dishes that really wet your appetite. There were a ton of selections to choose from and capped off the evening wonderfully. Overall, I was very pleased with this hotel. Consistent with other Ritz Carlton's and would recommend it to others. If you are on a business trip to Lower Manhattan (and your per diem allows it) I would select this hotel. Normal rooms go for $300 and up. So, if you are a stickler like I am when it comes to rooms, you can't go wrong here.

Worth a stay for a night or two Bathroom

Superb Hotel in Excellent Location Deck chairs near main entrance

Cool cool cool The Room

Fantastic New Concept View from 6th Floor

Superior 3 Star in Good Location Hotel External Pic 1

Outstanding! Don't stay anywhere else in Florence! I can not say enough good things about Hotel David. I booked the stay based on reviews on TripAdvisor and I was not disappointed.The online booking process was fast and easy. The staff responded by email right away.Our greeting on arrival was warm and friendly. Our rooms were ready, even though we arrived about noon. Everything in the room was spotless,worked perfectly and looked great. We were in room number 7 with a nice view of a garden terrace and the hotel cat sleeping on the chimney.The evening happy hour was a real treat. Light snacks, sandwiches,and pasta dishes were set out on a small buffett in the garden with wine and fruit juices. The garden is a gorgeous spot and a perfect setting to unwind after a day of sightseeing.The staff's recommendations for restaurants were also spot on. We enjoyed two great meals at local spots within walking distance of the hotel.The breakfast was a nice buffett with fresh fruit and pastries, cereals, coffee, tea and delicious blood orange juice.An even better bonus, you can use the hotels internet phone for a free 10 minute call home each night. And the hotel has FREE WI-FI throughout.Overall, a perfect hotel, friendly, comfortable and affordable!

Great stay, My family and I (Spouse and 2 daughters aged 14 and 12) spent 4 nights in San Francisco at the Argent Hotel from March 17-21st, 2007. We got to the hotel very early (noon) and was just expecting to leave our bags with the bellboy but the hotel was able to give us our room early. They upgraded us to a room on the 22nd floor and the room was spotless. There was a slight paint odour on the 22nd floor and that was because (I found out later ) that we were the first guests to stay in the room after the renovations on that floor. New carpets, heavenly bed, floor to ceiling windows, great view of Market Street and city and even Starbucks coffee in the room. Front desk staff were very efficient and professional. The room rate will certainly go up once the hotel is fully renovated and the Westin name is official- so the opprotunity is now. The only negatives are: you can hear the street cars going down Market Street, and the street people along Market and also on 3rd Street on the way to the hotel,

Nice Hotel but location is questionable We stayed at the Sheraton Centro Historico Hotel for 5 nights at the end of August 2007. We were travelling with another family and had rooms next to each other on the 24th floor. The hotel is primarily a business hotel because during the week the hotel is very busy with the majority of the guests there to attend conventions but during the weekends, the hotel is much quieter. The hotel is new and modern with all the services you would expect from a upper end hotel- including an onsite spa, bank in the lobby, concierge, security, etc... The rooms were very comfortable and roomy. My wife and I shared a room with my 2 teenage daughters and even with the 2 double beds, we still had lots of room. The floor to ceiling windows make the room seem even larger and the air conditioning unit was very efficient. The hotel employees were very efficient and friendly. Most of the employees we dealt with spoke English. Hotel swimming pool was closed for repairs the entire time we stayed at the hotel. The hotel is located less than a 5 minutes walk away from 2 subway stop (Juarez and Hildago) and this makes exploring the city very easy and cheap. The Zocalo is 2 subways stops away (or a 30 minute walk) and the Zona Rosa can be easily reached by the buses that run along Reforma (or walked in 30-40 minutes). This is my 3rd visit to Mexico City (previously staying at the Hotel Cathedral and Hotel Nikko) and I really enjoyed the location and service of the Sheraton. There is a Starbucks next door to the Hotel in the mall (the food court is actually quite good). However, the location is not the safest - especially late at night/early morning - when there are not many people about. On the last day of our visit, one of our travel companions was in the Alameda Park, across the street from the hotel, when he was approached and asked for his digital camera and back pack by a young man. The robber did not show a weapon, and my companion just pushed him away and during this struggle, the police in front of the hotel noticed and started to chase the robber. I've alway wondered why there are sometimes up to 20 police officers in front of the hotel, and now I know why. This all happened at 3:30 in the afternoon.

Happy at the Hilton We stayed at the Hilton for a long weekend in Feb 2008. We stayed in an executive room and had access to the executive lounge. We finally got our luggage after a room mixup. We were a little miffed at the short wait but it did not matter that much. The room itself was comfortable but the bed was a little soft. The mini fridge did decide to gurgle at random times and the bathroom fan took an age to stop which was annoying when you wanted to go to sleep. Otherwise we had a nice room with a view on the internal courtyard which was not terribly exciting.The executive lounge though pleasant was far too small. Hilton have obviously been very tight here and could easily expand the lounge at the cost of say one bedroom. We had to wait for a seat sometimes but did not wait long. You do get a good view from the lounge.The food was very nice, especially breakfast. Pre dinner snacks did vary and the hotel have for some reason a passion for horseradish. They put it on almost everything, which was not necessary. I hate becks beer and that was it on the beer front. The decent scotch whiskey disappeared after our first night and never came back. The staff were very friendly and did their utmost to make you feel comfortable.The swimming pool was very nice but a little cold. The jacuzzi was a rather feeble effort and joined on the side of the swimming pool. Build them separately please! There are plenty of restaurants to choose from in the hotel or not too far away. You may have to walk a bit!The hotel is located next to Stadtmitte U-Bahn station. Do not get off at Mohrenstrasse as you will have to walk! We took the airport bus from Tegel Airport and this takes you to Unter den Linden which is not too far to walk from the hotel. Also buy a Berlincard and for 48/72 hours you will have all transport included (+ airport bus) and discounted entrance to lots of attractions. You can buy the Berlin card at the airport. At Tegel airport look for the information signs. Costs for 72 hours.The hotel is not far from Checkpoint Charlie and the Brandenberg gate which makes it a good base for sightseeing. We had a great time.

Hotel Palace Berlin Excellent hotel in central location near zoo and Ku-dam shopping avenue. Superior room on 8tth floor was spacious, immaculate and utterly quiet. All staff friendly and helpful. Buffet breakfast superb. A relaxing oasis in a busy city.

Very nice Family Hotel I was a little apprehensive after reading some poor reviews, but my family enjoyed our stay at the RIU immensely. I would definitely recommend getting an Ocean View or Ocean front room. We were originally in a street front room and the traffic noise is very loud until 3AM or so. They upgraded us to a beautiful Ocean Front corner balcony room for only $20 more per night. They were very accomodating.The beach was perfect for families with small kids because the big waves are blocked by the rocks and they can wade in further. The pool was beautiful too. I know some people were disappointed that the pool wasn't heated, but I prefer it to be refreshing.The breakfast buffet was great. Fabulous selection.Overall, it was a good experience and we would definitely go back there again.

Hilton Berlin - It's fine... We stayed at the Hilton for two nights at the beginning of December. The hotel is well place in the city, with a U-Bahn station right outside the door; this makes everywhere very easily accessible. We were also right next to one of the Christmas markets, which was handy. The hotel itself is fine; it is a fairly typical four star hotel, without any features to really set it apart from the rest. The lobby is grand in it's size, and is quite impressive. We were given a smoking room, and the staff were happy to move us to a less smelly non-smoking room when we asked. Throughout the stay the hotel staff were all very helpful and polite, and of course all spoke excellent English - as usual compounding my misery at being uni-lingual!Our room was clean and of a good size and the bathroom was very nice. The minibar was well stocked and priced at the usual OTT rate! The swimming pool and gym were both excellent, although I still cannot quite believe they charge 11 Euros for a Sauna... Breakfast was excellent, with a very good selection of food and very good service. The hotel restaurants looked nice, but we did not try them. Probably my main criticism with the hotel is it's size - the hotel is very big and somewhat impersonal. Checking out at 10.55 on Sunday was not a good plan, as all six queues for reception were enormous - this could of course have been avoided by getting up earlier or doing express check out. The last time we stayed in Berlin (June), we stayed at the Ritz Carlton paid a similar price to the Hilton; on our next visit we will certainly go back to the Ritz Carlton, as it is that bit more special.

I don't agree on this. I stayed at Hostal Barrera in Nov. 2008. I booked this hostal after reading the reviews on this site. But, in fact, my opinion on this hostal is a little bit different from the compliments. I think this hostal is good only to the single budget travellers. Don't get me wrong. This is not a bad hostel. But, it is not right to be ranked to be this high as ranked 6. This is not right. I don't recommend this hostel for family. It has superb location, I agree on this, it is no doubt. It is cheap for singles. I stayed in a tripple room since I had a child. But, the extra bed was nearly falling down. The bed had terrible smell and the hostel poured perfume to hide it, I noticed this is very common in cheap hostels in spain. The other problem is their central heating system. If it is too cold, well, there is nothing you can do. Just wear more clothes. The only feature that we really loved was the free Wi-Fi. But, next time I would stay better place. Overall, this is not a bad hostel but you get what you paid for. Recommend only for the budget single travellers. Never to the family with children and old parents.

Very nice hotel, but... We stayed for 1 night - the hotel is very well maintained, staff was very nice, location is great!But, our room (702) was facing the Boston Library, and there was an engin noise coming out of that building all night long.I would stay again in his hote, buy stay away from room facing the library.

Enjoyable experience at HH. My wife and I stayed 3 nights at the HH Campomanes. It is a smaller hotel with a contemporary feel. Not a lot of amenities but a nice hotel. The staff was courteous and efficient. We arrived around 12 noon and our room was ready. The minimalist decor is good. PROS: Location - right near the Palacio Real. A few steps from the Opera metro station. A great contemporary restaurant right next door (Vida Blanca). Good continental breakfast. Price (99 euros per night with breakfast) through their internet site.CONS: They charge 3 euros per day for the in room safe. Small shower. No bar which would be nice in the lobby to enjoy the cool lobby area, which otherwise goes unused.I would recommend this hotel.

Well-deserved Reputation I stayed in the Peninsula Hong Kong in April and fell in love. I was on a two-week trip to Asia (Tokyo, Osaka, Kyoto, and Hong Kong) and stayed in five-star hotels at each destination, but the Peninsula stood above the rest.We arrived late and were taken directly to our rooms to check in (always a treat to skip the front desk). We had 1 Grand Deluxe Harbor View Room and 1 Grand Deluxe Harbor View Suite for our party of four. Parents were in the suite, kids were in the room. Both were absolutely lovely. We were in the newer part of the hotel so everything was fresh and perfectly clean. The artwork was impressive, the beds were very comfortable, the bedside controller was fun (turned the lights on/off, opened/closed curtains, turned the TV on/off, etc., etc.), the bathroom was well-equipped -- even the fruit was exotic, tasty, and beautiful. Most impressive, however, were the views. Stunning.Service is the room was impeccable. Everyone from the maid to the woman who picked up the laundry to the room service deliverer was cheerful, friendly, and efficient. Every request was carried out quickly and correctly.The lobby was even more beautiful than the rooms. The surrounding shops are only the creme de la creme. Afternoon tea is authentic and tasty. Staff members are everywhere and seem to anticipate your needs before you express them. It even smells heavenly.One of my favorite parts of this hotel was the fleet of Rolls-Royces. We rented one on a few occassions during our stay and it was great fun -- don't miss it. The spa was also wonderful.I travel extensively and have high standards and this property rates very highly in my book.

Askanischer Hof. What a hotel!!! My family and I stayed in the Askanischer Hof for 5 nights. In summary, we found it excellent value, friendly service, well positioned, and had a relaxing environment.The hotel was centrally located on the Ku'Damn, one of Berlin's main shopping streets. A Louis Vuitton outlet was next store for example, and 100's more either side. The nearest bus stop was 100m away. M19 and M29 were the most popular routes, running every 5/10 minutes, taking one right along the Ku'Damn. The nearest underground stop was the on the U1 line (5/10 mins. away), following by the Adenauerplatz stop on the U7 line (10/15 mins.)There were four of us in total, including our 11 and 14 year old children. We had a large suite, number 30. This looked down into a quite courtyard. It was beautifully decorated in a classical style. The entire hotel was full of antique furniture and had high ceilings through out. There was a large selection of books too, in English and German.The staff were most friendly and helpful. For example, one of them actually volunteered to post some postcards, when we asked her where was the nearest postbox. In addition, they all had excellent English. The breakfast was a large and a typically German affair. It was served between 06.30 and 11.00am, or in one's room afterwards. Everything was fresh, tasty and well presented. Would definitely stay again!

Great location, good quality for the price in New York I stayed in this Hampton Inn for 5 nights with my family. Location on Eighth Ave., 51st. St., intersection was the main benefit. Time Sq., was only 9 blocks away on 42nd. St., the Ambassador Theatre was on 49th. Street (Chicago - The Musical, GREAT!!!) and the subway was on 50th. St..There were four of us in total (2 adults and 2 teenagers), so we took a room with 2 double beds. The room was large and clean. We asked for and got a quiet room facing onto the back of the hotel on the 8th floor.As expected given the other reviews on this hotel, the breakfast room always busy, when we arrived each morning at 8.45am. However, we were eventually able to get a table for four. In addition the lifts were busy at the same time period. So one just needs to be patient at the busy times.The food quality and range was good. The staff kept it well stocked for breakfasts. We had more than enough.The staff were efficient and business like. For example, one of my teenagers managed to block the WC in the bathroom at 2am one night. Once we notified reception, a man came within 5 mins., and had it fixed immediately.

Great location. We had based our selection of this hotel, for our family visit to Paris, on all the very positive reviews that we had seen on Tripadvisor website. As a result, we had high expectations prior to arriving. We got to the hotel from CDG Airport, by train/metro in about one hour, after getting a Carte Orange travel pass in the RAPD/RER sales desk in Terminal 2. The nearest stop is La Motte Picquet-Grenelle, about 200m from the hotel. The hotel is located on a quiet side street, off the busy Boulevard de Grenelle. The location is excellent, eg. only a 15mins. walk from the Eiffel Tower. There are many restaurants and shops nearby, including all the usual department chain stores located on Rue de Commerce, such as HM, Monoprix, Promod, Sara, Pimkie, Celio, Gap, Etam, etc.. In addition there is a supermarket, Le Franprix on Avenue de Motte-Picquet.We arrived at 6pm. Our check-in went smoothly. The boutique hotel theme hits one immediately. We stayed in room 32 for the four nights. There were four of us, i.e. my wife, two teenage children and myself. The room felt small for the four of us. The bathroom too was small. The decor was nice however, and very up to date. Versace tiling etc..One strange thing was that there were some flies in the room. Both my wife and son, woke up after the first night's sleep with multiple insect bites. I swatted all the flies subsequently. The flies may have come in via the air-conditioning system, or the window, which was a little loose and not double glased.We didn't have breakfast in the hotel, as we suspected that it was too expensive at per person. We found an excellent boulangerie chain outlet at 10 Rue de Commerce, called Brioche Doree - Le Fournil de Pierre, opposite the HM and Sara stores, only 250m from the hotel. Its breakfast was only and included an orange juice, a croissant with jam, and a coffee. Before we found this, we also tried Le Bouquet de Grenelle across from the Metro stop on the corner of Boulevard de Grenelle and Avenue de Motte-Picquet. It worked out at per person minimum.There were many restaurants in the area, eg. French, Indian, and Italian. There was also a MacDonalds and a Pizza Hut. We tried only one, Le Suffren (about 250m in the Eiffel Tour direction, at 84 Avenue de Suffren), as we were on the move each night. It was okay. All in all, we found it a nice hotel, well centered, and nicely decorated, but expensive.

Good value, clean, relatively new, good food, but remote location. I stayed with my wife and two teenagers for 4 nights. We had a room with 2 double beds on the ninth floor across from the pool.The hotel is relatively new, located on the south west side of the city. Somewhat remote, but the hotel does provide local and airport courtesy buses, running every 1-2 hours. This more than offset the remote location. Note that the nearest subway station(Mass. Ave.) was six blocks or a 15mins. walk away. The breakfast area was always busy, and some days we had difficulty finding a table for four. However the food was excellent, particularly the fruit cocktail bowl.The bedroom was large enough for us and clean. It faced onto the back of the hotel. Note that the front faces onto to some major roads.The pool was small but open from 7am or so until 11pm, with an adjoining fitness room.

Haven in Beijing This hotel was excellent. The rooms were amazing, not so much 'hotel' rooms as they were decorated like small apartments. They had excellent in room electronics, tv in the bathroom as well as the option to connect one's laptop to the tv through cables in the desk. There are many more gadgets to discover in the room from the electronic blinds, bose alarm clocks to the HD tv's but in all the design and facade of the hotel was very impressive.I was there in december and it was decorated as such. The hotel location is right next to the Ritz Carlton hotel which is next to a large upscale mall.Other than that a taxi or car ride would be needed to get to other places. If you check-in in the morning there are delicous mini muffins and small patiseries by the reception desk.In all very nice stay!

To Much Attitude and Bad Customer Service I stay at this hotel regularly for business. The attitude from the employees seems to get worse and worse each time. You would think you were staying in a posh boutique hotel in SOHO. The hotel itself is nice and rooms are great, but beware of the hotel staff!

Hotel is average Stayed at hotel for business. Breakfast was horrible for each of my seven day trip. Room service was ok and there are only 4 English speaking channels on the TV and the rest do not come in because of bad recption. The rooms were nice and service was ok. What was good was the location. It is close to all the shopping on Orchard Rd. and there is plenty of things to do around the area. No spa in hotel, which was a disappointment. I would look for another hotel when I go back to Singapore.

Noisy!!! Poor breakfast. Basic rooms This hotel is located on a busy road and all rooms are noisy. The breakfast is fair. Do not eat at the recommended Italian restaurant across the road. There were flies everywhere, bad ham, teriible beer and a bad attitude. It was clean

A great option if you dont mind a 10 min train ride! Stayed here for 4 nights in June 2008. Reason why we chose this hotel was because this was the best value option going at the time and it certainly lived up to that! Hotel was spacious, clean and very modern - the sort of place thats designed for business travellers but appeals to everyone. Staff were polite, plenty of amenities, the only drawback for some would be the distance out from the main sights of Barcelona. Its a 10 minute metro ride into the city centre (and a 5-10 min walk to the station) but the metro is fairly cheap and efficient, so wasnt a problem. For nights out, a taxi from La Ramblas to the hotel around 2am not only took around 10 minutes, but was less than 10 Euros! The area around the hotel was fine. There is a large shopping centre almost opposite the hotel, which although generic, does have a few eating places and a large supermarket to stock up on daily needs. More interesting is the avenue beside the hotel, that leads directly to the beach (10-15 min walk) and has plenty of resturants along the way. Overall, I can pretty much guarantee you will not find a better option closer to the centre without paying a lot more money!

Leo! Leo! Leo! view from main lobby down to one of the bars

Excellent hotel Delightful hotel. Excellent service. The room was large and clean, the bathroom quite nice with separate tub and shower. The location is very nice, close to Ginza and a number of interesting places to walk or eat. The concierge was quite helpful.

Best All Round Hotel Day View From Mariners Suite Balcony

Excellent Hotel We stayed here 22nd/24th July - very hot weather so the air conditioning was put to the test and not found wanting.This is an excellent hotel for the price - extremely convenient with a Monoprix almost next door, a Metro station and taxi rank just over the road and only 15 minutes walk to Opera or Champs Elyssees.We agree with other reviewers that a shower curtain would be of benefit, however the bathroom is fully tiled so we just accepted that everything got wet. The breakfast was very good and we got a deal where it was included in the room rate.Following advice from other reviewers, we asked for a room with a balcony on the fifth floor. Our friends did not and although their room was also on the fifth floor and was comparable to ours, we had the better view.Without exception the staff were helpful and friendly. They spoke excellent English and nothing was too much trouble. Fabienne is exactly as described by other reviewers - cheerful and welcoming.We will definitely stay here again on future trips to Paris and highly recommend it.

Almost all Americans and touristy location, but nice rooms and pool. 1) About 80% of the people there at least were Americans, most in their 50's. In my opinion that's an ambiance-reducer when you're in Paris, but may not be a big deal to you.2) Breakfast is 29Euros per person, find a rate with breakfast included or be prepared to walk somewhere else. Free wifi in the lobby.3) Nice relaxing pool, not a lap pool, but good for big kids. Nice lounges next to the pool.4) Workout room is pretty small but has a good amount of TVs.5) Location is near pricey boutiques and the touristy Rue de Rivoli. Also nicely close to the Louvre (5 min walk) and the Tuilleries which I love. So a push in this regard in my opinion.6) Room was small but nice, great comfortable bed, fantastic bathroom with separate shower and tub (I had a Superior room, 1 level above the base Deluxe room). Frankly I can't imagine how small a Deluxe room would be so I'd at least spring for the Superior.7) Room had a DVD player, so bring your movies if you like (no PPV). About 6 English TV stations including CNBC, CNN, BBC12, Eurosport, and France 24 of course.8) Lobby has a very nice, intimate wood-buring fireplace.9) Takes them about 10-15 minutes to get you a taxi.If you like seafood I went to Gaya in the Left Bank (across the street from L'Atelier Joel Rubechon for those who know). Fantastic seafood, but not cheap. If you're a sea-foodie then you should try it.

Terrible hotel, stay away Location is quite poor, this hotel is not right on Times Square but on 8th avenue instead, across the street from a bunch of [--] shops.Room quality was average, nothing special, and the hotel's ambiance was terrible, reflecting the neighborhood that it really is in.Frankly I felt very unsafe walking around the neighborhood, I definitely wouldn't come here with a family for sure.Also the poor location means that taxis are almost impossible to come by; you're quite isolated.Stay away, there are a million better hotels in NYC at the same price level.

Good location, nice hotel, helpful staff...pity about the pool My wife and I stayed 12 days in Room 901. It was a very large studio, overlooking the Ala Wai Canal and Golf Course, with the Mountains in the distance. There is a good sized Lanai which gets morning sun.The well equipped room comes with a full kitchen including full sized modern frig, microwave, and stove/oven. Lots of storage for suitcases and as many hangers in the closet as we wanted. There is daily maid service.The free phone (local and 1-800 calls) and access to phone books was handy, as was the free daily newspaper.Although we were right alongside the elevator, the room is well soundproofed, so we heard little noise from the elevator or its lobby.The air conditioning worked well and quietly. We kept it running on low, 24 hours. It was not a bother at night, and we heard no street noise... only the odd ambulance siren.Good Tip... use small pieces of duct tape to seal the heavy lightproof curtains together each night. The sun rises before 6am, and the tape keeps out the narrow, bright sunbeams that can otherwise shine in through the gaps and wake a sleeper too early!The hotel has a sundeck on the roof (16th floor) and on the 10th. These provide for sunbathing anytime you like. There are lounger chairs.The pool was our big disappointment. It is small, and located behind the hotel on the ground floor. It has little deck around it, and is in shade much of the day. The high buildings around it create a wind-tunnel effect, so without sun it is quite cold and unpleasant.There are lots of good eating places close by, and of these we most enjoyed the newish Legend Chinese Restaurant just up the street on Kuhio. Reasonable price and very good food.The beach is only about three blocks away but when we were there that part (in front of Royal Hawaiian etc) was very crowded. We went instead a short bus ride to the beach alongside the Army Museum, near the Hale Koa Hotel. This was really nice!We recommend the Ilima Hotel as an excellent value, pleasant place for a vacation!

Bahia Principe Punta Cana, May 17th-25th Waves

Fantastic Location From the airport just a 3.90 euro fare on the Arobus every 6 minutes takes you directly to the Plaza Cataluna with just a 5 minute walk down La Ramblas on the left is the Hotel Rivoli Ramblas. It could not be simpler. We had a warm welcome, arriving just before 11pm and give a choice of rooms either on the 1st floor or the 6th. We choose the 6th. What a great choice, The room was more than spaciouse. A great bathroom with a jucuzzi, large wardrobes, a safe (2 euros per day for the key obtained at reception) and a mini fridge. The bed was a king size and very comfortable ( ask for room 607 on booking) and what a view from your own personal balcony right over the busy Rablas. The room was very quite even though the location was central. There were electrically operated black out blinds. There was no breakfast included and I felt the cost of it was expensive BUT just a couple of strides away from the hotel you could get english or continentaln breakfast at a very reasonable price. Pianio bar for drinks and coffee is set in the reception area but there are many bars and restaraunts to choose from within easy walking distance. The location of this hotel is fantastic, right in the middle of everything. The tour buses are just minutes away and well worth a trip to see all the main highlights in the city. Well worth a visit and highly recomended. A good 4 star right in the heart of the action. A liitle expensive but you have quality and location in a major city.

Ideal base for discovering Berlin I ventured out to Berlin alone for the 2nd time this Easter. Having stayed over in Charlottenburg before Christmas and undergoing a long, long walk back to the hotel from sightseeing, I decided to stay in a hotel in the Mitte district where a lot of Berlin's attractions can be found. Trawling through a few websites, I came across a brilliant deal for 4 nights at this hotel. Arriving from Tempelhof, this hotel couldn't be easier to get to, take the U8 towards Alt-Tegel then change at Stadtmitte onto the U2 towards Pankow and alight at Alexanderplatz. It's even easier from Tegel (catch the TXL bus) and from (simply jump on the S9). The hotel entrance is literally 10 metres from the U-Bahn exit. Checking in was fairly easy, even if I was nearly mistaken as part of a tour group from Hamburg! The room was on the 9th floor, minimalist in nature (rather funky IMO), being made of dark wood, white materials and glass, and it was near enough perfect. Despite the building works going on at the adjacent Galeria Kaufhof, I still managed a couple of lie-ins! The hotel has a casino and bar on the 37th floor and I think there were limited fitness facilities too, though I never got to use them as I was out most of the day (and night) sightseeing and sampling the nocturnal habits of Berlin. Breakfast was excellent on the day I had it, as much as you wanted, vast selection of breads, meats, cheeses, fruits and they even did (a full English)! Couldn't really complain about the service either, the two meals I had in the Zille-Stube restaurant were spanking! Veal schnitzel, apple strudel, German smoked meats platter, the works! If you wanted to eat out, there were numerous restaurants in the vicinity, from Chinese to Italian to Vietnamese to Hungarian! I truly recommend this place!

Weary Traveller Found Rest I was in Berlin at the end of a two-week book tour sponsored by my German publisher for my book Yiddishkeit: oder das eigene Leben (Secret Anniversaries of the Heart in the original English version) and wanted to be comfortable. It was hard getting someplace for the May 1 holiday weekend, and this was one of the few choices.I had an executive room with good minibar and soaking tub in the small bathroom. Having traveled extensively in Europe, I find a soaking tub a true luxury, even if it's not a luxus hotel. The side facing Storkowerstrasse is quieter than the other and I was at the end of the hallway and far away from the elevator. There's golden oldie music in the hallways and elevator that you can't hear inside your room. Sometimes it annoyed me, but often I found the 80s tunes a hilarious trip back in time.The room was cheerful and hip and I enjoyed my stay. I didn't realize right away that the arrow controls by the door were for the exterior light-damping window shades, so learn from my ignorance! :-). I've stayed elsewhere in Berlin and though this is not a scenic part of the city per se (though elsewhere in Prenzlauer Berg is hip and lovely), you get a feel for the old East Berlin which i find very suggestive, stimulating and intriguing as a writer. And the trips I made from there to Kreuzberg and back were really fascinating.The hotel food was good, though breakfast merely average. Staff was helpful whether I spoke German or English, though perhaps somewhat more so with the former. Cabs come amazingly quickly when called by the front desk.A special treat: a few doors down is a Bulgarian restaurant. Good food at reasonable prices.

Ideal Location- Pity About The Monorail Spent four nights at the hotel at the start of our Australian holiday.We found the hotel to be in an ideal location easy access to local transport , bus , monorail , chinatown and 5 -10 minute walk to Darling Harbour. Paddys Market is at the end of the road.The hotel room we had was very nice, large and well furnished, the facilities at the hotel are good. This is a large hotel, unfortunately our room on the first floor at the front of the building had the monorail right outside the window. Advise you ask for a room on a higher level or away from the front of the building.Sydney has so much to offer its hard to know were to start. We climbed the bridge, went on the ferry to Manly, visited the botanical gardens etc ,etc.

Good parking, eat out. Spent just one night in the Holiday Inn whilst visiting Florence. The hotel is outside the main city area and has a good car park. We arrived at the hotel parked the car and caught the bus into Florence right outside the hotel, any 23 going in but 23A coming back.The room was ok but the reception staff were miserable.Did eat in the hotel. It was expensive for a very poor meal. I recommend you eat out.Expensive for what it is.

Very disappointing A modest, clean hotel, well located, but we were given a small, dark room on the back, with a window looking onto a cement wall just 3 feet away. Nothing else available in the hotel.

Very good hotel both.... This is a modern hotel very clean and tidy with helpful staff. The rooms were very satisfactory nothing I could complain about. The Hotel is well located. The subway is all but a step away from the main reception and we could get about the city very easily. The harbour is about a 10 minute walk, for some good restaurants and walking at night was as safe as any other city.The only disappointing aspect was the noisy street, but this didn't prevent sleep or cause distraction.

Great trip, few complaints I have been back from the Excellence Resort for a couple of days now and I am ready to go back. The resort was beautiful, the water was great, the food was good, the drinks were better, did well in the casino and the weather cooperated the entire trip. The employees of the resort were also great as well espcieally entertainers Franklin, Francisco, and Ines. David the bartender was also great to us and made the best drinks at the resort. The rooms were clean and were kept that way by the great staff who were always on top of things. However, I do have a couple of small complaints about our trip. Being that I was with a group of 11 I knew that we would not be able to sit together for dinner together every night. However, it wasn't until pulling teeth on the last night that they let us all sit together. I would not recommend this resort for anyone going in a group over 6 people as they are not willing to accomidate that size group for dinner. Room service often took over an hour for food which at times was exactly what we were trying to avoid by having to wait for breakfast or dinner or just spend some alone time together with my wife. Also, on several occasions the food we ordered pool side never showed up or took hours to be brought to us. The pool side drinks were never in short supply and Jocasta did a great job of keeping us hydrated. Last but not least, the soft serve ice cream machine either being broken or only having one flavor was a little annoying. Even thought this is a small thing, it was one of the things I was really looking forward to on the trip and it was a little disappointing. Overall, it was great trip with great friends and I would recommend this resort to others who are looking for a getaway.

Best Hotel Ever I stayed at this Hotel in October of this year. The service was fantastic. For a large Hotel I was always called by name and the Ass. Manager even ordered one of the house cars to take me to dinner.All the reviews are right. This is one of the best Hotels I have ever stayed in.And by the way, this must be the place to stay as while I was there M. Jordan checked in.

Disliked the Ritz I stayed at the Ritz in a Jr. Suite on May 20th and 21st. It was the worst room I have ever had. I asked to be moved and was told they would move me in the morning but they never got around to it. I called both the reception and the concierge and got no answer at either. The service was bad and reception seemed to not care. It was just not me that was dissapointed. There were several post cruise people staying at the Hotel and everyone except one did not like their room. This is not a 5 star hotel as stated. It is a two star at best. The location was good, but I will never stay there again.

Terrific Value in the middle of Waikiki My wife and I stayed at Celebrity Resorts for two days in July because it appeared to be the best value in the area near Lane and the International Marketplace. We wanted to book a double room, but only a suite was available. The suite was worth the extra $20 a day, and it still cost less than a standard room at the Ilima Hotel next door. The hotel is served by a wireless Internet service called Wanderport that charges guests of this and other hotels $10 for 24 hours. It would have been a good deal if the service didn't get oversubscribed starting at about 9:30 a.m. The Internet unclogs again at night. Fortunately there is a good Internet cafe with reliable Internet access on Nahua Street, accessible through the back gate (room key can open the gate). We loved the round-the-clock availability of various kinds of coffee near the pool and the $3 all-you-can eat pancake and orange juice breakfast served every Thursday. Rooms were clean, and everything worked. The reception and cleaning staff were helpful, happy and friendly. We plan to stay there the next time we return to Waikiki.

What a great way to see Florence Room 411 was large

How long will they continue to offer this great price? Lobby looking toward entrance

Delightful Hotel Room 504 with porch on the right

Great Location for good price My wife, daughter, and I stayed at the Hard Rock Hotel, Kuta, on a Saturday night in February. It is located right in the center of activity with the beach across the street and Kuta Square only a short block away. We found Kuta's narrow streets too jammed with cars to be able to drive anywhere on a Saturday night, and when we returned, the hotel parking lot was full. The staff kindly gave us free valet parking. The free buffet breakfast was very good, and all of the staff were very polite and helpful. The price was extremely reasonable considering the location and facilities.

As Good as a Transit Hotel Will Get This hotel has changed names and operating procedures more than once, and I think it finally has found a good service formula. In July, United Airlines paid for my wife and myself to stay at Changi Village on the way to the US and on the way back to Jakarta. We have stayed there on several other occasions, and we were quite impressed because the hotel does an excellent job considering most of its guests stay less than 24 hours. The nuisance endemic to such hotels is noise from short-stay neighbor guests, and Changi Village always has arranged for us to move to another room whether our neighbors are screaming/running children or guitar-singers. You can hear planes taking off and landing at the front of the hotel (but not the back), but we were so sleepy that we didn't mind, even when we were booked in a front room facing the street. We always look forward to eating at the row of reasonably-priced open-air food courts by the hotel and buying durian from an itinerant vendor. We especially enjoyed the food at Tomomura (means village), the Japanese Restaurant. The best way to get into town is by taxi, so we tend to stay in the Changi Village area, partly because it has so many good places to eat and Changi airport has so many shops and restaurants. The buses to the airport really run on time, which one would expect in Singapore.

Not bad considering the price View of Clarke Quay from Rm 1009

Stay here soon!! Stay here when you come to Barca. It is the best hotel for a comfortable friendly and clean experience. Staff are fantastic, very welcoming and friendly, speak excellent English if your Catalan or Spanish isnt up to scratch! Pool is great for a midday break between trips around the city, with great views and lots of sun chairs, plus tables to have drinks. Breakfast is a bit pricey but worth it once in a while when your feeling lazy in the morning. Our room was very nice, comfortable, modern without being cold, nice bathroom, great shower which I consider essential, air conditioning, great safe which unusually the hotel will accept liability for if something is stolen (up to 600 euro worth). Central location without being too noisy at night, you can hear the metro rumble occassionally, but this never affected me, I only ever noticed when I was awake. Also its very reasonable!

Great choice and location... Just back after spending 3 nights at the Duc. I would definitely recommend this hotel for anyone visiting Barcelona. The hotel was superb and the staff extremely friendly / helpful. On arrival we did request a different room as they had provided a twin room and not a double as we had requested. This was resolved and we got a larger room on the 4th floor with a Queen size bed. You also get an abundance of toiletries which I have never seen in other hotels.. The minibar is very reasonable and the TV has Sky News if you really care what's happening at home.We paid for breakfast and could not complain at the choice and variety on offer. It was a buffet service and you could choose to have a cooked breakfast or selection of cold pastries and fruit. When visiting Barcelona do the bus tour first. It provides a great perspective of the city and highlighted to us many of the places we would like to revisit. You also receive a discount booklet for a lot of the most popular sites in the city as well as the cable car up to the castle. We bought a 2-day subway ticket (which also covers the funicular railway up Montjuic) It was a great way to get around the city when you aren't walking. We ate out in the Gothic quarter which has massive choice of quality restaurants. The Rambla is fine but it's catering primarily for tourists and as such is a lot more expensive as well as being extremely busy. a large beer!! It only happened once. Personally, I am looking forward to returning to Barcelona. As well as being a remarkable city it's extremely beautiful and I will certainly return to Duc De La Victoria.

Enjoyed our stay at the Avenida in Barcelona We stayed at the Avenida Palace for one night on April 2, 2008 after arriving from NY. We enjoyed our stay, and found the accomodations (a double room) very comfortable, and the staff very helpful. The location was very convenient to public transportation, and a very short walk to La Rambla. It was also just a few doors away from a very good Tapas restaurant. The hotel staff provided us with very good information about touring the city during our brief stay. The breakfast was good, and we found the rate to be reasonable. We would highly recommend this hotel without any concerns about you enjoying it.

Great family stay My family (wife, son - 10, daughter - 8) along with 2 other families had a wonderful 7 night stay at this resort. We stayed in the Royal Service section and enjoyed this upgraded part of the complex. We enjoyed the food and ate at several of the reservation restaurants...the Japanese, Italian and Seafood were our favorites. We very much enjoyed the Gabi Restaurant as part of the Royal Service area. We ate all of our breakfasts and many lunches there. And dinner at the Gabi might have featured the most varied menu and best service.Accomodations were outstanding and truly 5 star. We had a one bedroom master suite connecting to a one bedroom suite in building 51.Service was adequate overall, if not a bit uneven. Sometimes it was outstanding, while other times you weren't sure the staff knew you were there. I did see many pushy guests and it was clear that they were not going to get anything extra from the staff by giving off attitude. My recommendation is to carry a pocketful of $1 bills and distribute them liberally...it will help...be a bit patient and smile alot. I'm certain that if I spoke Spanish, just a bit, it would also improve things dramatically. Much of the staff does not speak English at all, so do not expect communication to always go perfectly.While never leaving the resort complex, we found many activities to enjoy. This included: parasailing, snorkling, zipline and bungy jumping (for the kids), golf, and of course, laying by the ocean or a pool for some much needed relaxation.Again, for the price it was a simply wonderful experience and one we may very well do again in the future.A few other observations/tidbits:1. Big resort, but nothing ever longer than a 10 minute walk. I recommend upon arrival that you do a little exploring to get a feel for the place and determine the best routes to certain places. There are shortcuts that make it easier to get around.2. Dominican Airport Transfers was great and $80 round trip got all 4 of us to the resort and back to the airport.3. Beach features great sand and the water is quite nice. Security keeps the local vendors to a minimum, but the resort's own can be a little pushy at times (timeshare and water sports).4. Never had a problems getting chairs at the beach or pool. We like full sun though. If you want shade, an umbrella or a palapa it may prove to be more difficult.5. Gym facilities okay, nothing to write home about. Steam rooms appeared to be permanently out of service.6. I would not come here if I was on a singles trip or couples only type of vacation. Place seemed much better suited for families and they were abundant.If you go, relax and have fun. Its really hard not to like this place

What a wonderfull week-end Well what i can say........ we been there just before Christmas time with my lovely and sweety girlfriend and spend our trip in this small charming hotel. The staff was so kindly and the Hotel was so wonderfull. Very nice placed in the middle of the town in one of the most beatifull arrondissement of Paris. The service was excellent and we wish to get back as soon as possible. Every one was so available to help us to discover this lofvely and so romantic place that is Paris.... Thanks to all ....see you soon

Good value - pleasant stay This was a one night stay before heading north to Sonoma and Napa Valley. Our double room comfortably fit four of us, it was convenient and economically priced and had free parking which is a plus in SFO. Rooms were clean as well as common areas, staff friendly and helpful--- although when we returned around 3 A.M. the front desk clerk was asleep. We walked around the area, infact were out quite late and encountered no problems. There is a lack of good restaurants close by so we had to settle for a little 24 hour burger joint for a late supper. The restaurant in the hotel only serves a buffet or continental breakfast which is below par and way over priced so would recommend avoiding it.

Poor choice! Very disapointing, expensive to get to from Central Station (17 Euro), access is difficult for luggage, as the room elevators are accessed by walking through the restaurant and lounge. They charge high rates for the wireless internet and the breakfast. The room was cold and the bed uncomfortable, certainly nothing to brag about...but worst of all, the carpet in the room and the hallways was filthy. Don't believe the frequent flier promotions they offer, you only get points if you pay rack rate. Not Recomended!

Very Reasonable Hotel Balmes was one of four places we stayed during our recent visit to Spain and it was also one of the best values. The downtown location is near Casa Mila, Casa Batllo and the Gracia Metro station. We very much appreciated the free WiFi. But there were some issues: 1. The heat/AC seemed to furnish only heat, with no thermostat, and when we threw open the window to relieve the stuffiness, there was a constantly noisy street scene outside. 2. There was a loud dripping noise at times on the ceiling of the bathroom, 3. The bath/shower is designed in such a way that the bath spout protrudes into the center of the tub, making it an easy target for your knee when showering, 4. The room was a bit on the shabby side and in need of some minimal decoration, such as pictures on the walls, 5. Some of the desk staff seemed a bit arrogant and unaccommodating. My wife stayed at the Balmes three years ago and had a better experience. We might stay here again if subsequent reviews on TripAdvisor indicate that the problems have been resolved.

Student Stopover Cheap and cheerful is the best description. A hostel, but a with seperate rooms, which made it better than a hostel. Rooms were ok, basic but with a sink and mirror, we had a shared shower which was ok, ive been in worse halls of resisdence and some did have en-suite. Staff were very friendly, with the attitude of 'do what you like, just clear up afterwards' and you were always greeted in the morning with 'would you like schum eggsh?Free internet access, a pool table and beer vending machine made it all quite livable. Its in a good location, about 20mins from dam square in a safe neighbourhood, with some nice resturants and bars close by.For a night, I wouldnt stay anywhere else.

Cheapest Travel Agent recommended My girl friend and I stayed there in July 06, the location is a little far out from the hustle of downtown Singapore but still not far from places by taxi. The do have a shuttle bus going down to Orchid Road but we didn't go with that as times did not suit us.The reception staff we found to be not very helpful, i.e when we arrived there they didn't seem friendly and also when asked to use the internet they were not very responsive so I never used it.Located in the ritzy area of Singapore.The pool was great but probally not as quite as what I would of hoped -it is right next to main road!! The gym is equiped with exercise bikes, running machine and weight set.There is a great massage centre within hotel, just keep your husbands at bay with only limited cash for normal massage (if you get what I mean!!).The first room we had was okay but the toilet didnt flush so we were moved to a bigger room overlooking Raffles Club (not Raffles BAr). The bigger room was much nicer, though with both rooms an upgrade would do some good.We didnt eat in, but a service station is not far away so you can buy drinks and snack food there at a fraction of price of mini-bar.In my opinion there is other hotels closer and for much the same price so even though it was okay and userable prehaps look elsewhere.

Perfect Stay My wife and I began our Italian honeymoon in Florence and stayed at Hotel Loggiato dei Serviti. We found it to be a perfect place to start our trip. The staff was extremely helpful from check-in to checkout. In fact, our best dinner that we had in Italy was at a place recommended by the woman working the desk (Mama Gina's...very good). Our room was very clean and spacious. It was at the back of the hotel, which was fortunate since (as many other reviewers have mentioned) there was music in the piazza outside the hotel during the evening. The music usually lasted until around midnight. We thought it was cool to have a concert outside our front door. I'm sure if we had a room in the front of the hotel, we would have had a different opinion, though. The breakfast was decent. It consisted of the standard fare - bread, fruit, ham, cheeses, cereal, coffee, etc. As some others have mentioned, the bed was pretty hard. They were like that in every place that we stayed throughout Italy. If you want a soft bed, you're better off at a Westin or Sheraton. The only issue we had was at checkout. I was almost overcharged for the room. Fortunately, I had my email confirmation with me and was able to confirm the correct price with the staff. Overall, it was an extremely pleasant stay.

Beautiful Resort! Very Relaxing Stay. View from our room

the walmart of all inclusives Stayed at this resort December 20-27, 2007. We are from Toronto, family of 3 with a 9 year old boy. Have mostly stayed at Paradisus Resorts in Cuba and Mexico. Let me start by saying that for the majority of Americans and Canadians this resort would be fine. For our family it was too big and impersonal for our liking. We also had a bad start as flight delayed 4 hrs got into the hotel at 2 or 3 in the a.m. Preferred Paradisus Resorts which are closer to 5 star in quality of food and amenities. We were in building 37, third floor, about two buildings away from the lobby. Ate at four restos: French/Gourmet, Seafood, Italian and Japanese.Pros: Short ride from airport (30mins), fantastic beach (soft sand turquoise water, clean good size rooms, good air conditioning and block out drapes, baked goods such as sugared donuts and corn bread, some fish, pizza hamburgers ok at beach grill, roast turkey at xmas, scrambled eggs if cooked fresh, some desserts, no probs with fridge not being stocked and when I phoned down for more pillows, beer and water it came in about 20 mins. (left small tip for maid most days), no prob finding a beach chair at any time but might have to drag one to where you want to beCons: resort is so huge you need to take a shuttle do go from one end of the resort to the other, runs frequently but who needs the hassle. no coffee at the dinner buffet and no coke at the morning buffet, no hair conditioner, no clock in the room, most food is fried in palm oil, grilled does not mean grilled its fried on a flat grill, have to ask the waiter if you like your coffee hot as their carafes they run around with do not hold the heat, the food is good if you like Applebees or Kelseys at the best (which for about 80% of North Americans is fine), first of all it is a virtual porkfest (slim pickings if you are jewish) and gross if you don't like pork e.g. one selection was called pig pizza, the a la cartes are mediocore at best (like most of the all inclusives they try hard but they could do better), lobster is plentiful but the small carribbean ones which are mostly over cooked and dry, the filet was ok for Applebees, Japanese set up is better at other resorts we've been to (miso soup was vegetable soup), omelets are all ingredients mixed together and not folded over, lack of flora and fauna (not so many trees and the odd lizard running around, no coral nearby for snorkeling, no outside jacuzzi's hot pools, occasional whiff of sewage in the air when standing on balconyto upgrade or not to upgrade?we originally were going to upgrade and backed off when we felt it really wasn't worth it for us. if you want to be nearby the beach (no guarantee of view and it is not oceanfront, only side view )then you should upgrade, you may also get into a two story unit (most of the complex has 3 story units), but remember if you are by the beach you have to take a shuttle all the time to access the main area (buffett, lobby, nightly entertainment and shopping square) and the beach area is noisy, the rooms are all the same size so no benefit there, private pool area is a joke as it it right beside the quieter resort pool and had the same number of people, extra a la carte (no big deal you can usually negotiate extra a la cartes without upgrading), if you like to have your own private lounge and internet cafe so you feel like a special person go for it, oh and you also get room service (which is the only thing we regretted as other 5 stars such as the paradisus chain, room service is standard)tips: stay away from Manati Park, its like a third world zoo with more vendors and peddlars than animals. variety of animals was sparse and boringtry and use a little spanish (polite and useful)bring small bills for tips, conditioner, moisturizer and bug spraycan buy all of this stuff and more at the lobby store so no big deal if you forgetbox of pringles (4$ and change), pack of Marlboro lights (5$ and change)when at guest services ask for extra a la cartes (get them to check cancellations)drinks better if ask for better brands and throw in the odd tip,hang out at the quieter resort pool instead of the main over crowded and noisy onedon't ask for third floor if you don't like climbing stairs or elderlywhen negotiating late check out be firm and creative (we got free checkout till 3p.m. and paid $60.00 to stay until 6:00 p.m. (well worth it)no smoking in restaurants except outdoor beach grillsprobably want rooms closer to main area if elderly or kids otherwise shuttling all the timetry to get rooms away from the main shuttle lines (they go by every 5 mins and emit exhaust fumes)resort is divided into two mirror images (Bavaro a Punta Cana) separated by main shuttle line with their own separate lobbys and restaurantsso paris and gourmet restaurants both japanese restos are mirror images that share the same kitchens and offer the same foodits hard to say which a la carte is best due to personal preference(you may like seafood better than filet but may find both at both the Seafood and French/Gourmet)brasilian resto is outside and prone to bugs

Great place to stay Great location. With in walking distance of all the great sites. Very nice people at the front desk. Helped with restaurants that were very good. The rooms are very small but that is just Paris. The rooms are clean, the hotel in general was spotless. Breakfast was the best we had in France. Good variety from eggs, cheese, ham, cereal and fruit. Down side is the location in a busy young area. Rooms were quiet enough but the party atmosphere goes on until the wee hours of the morning. Overall, I would definitely stay at the Albe again.

Great location; showing its age Entry Foyer (3719)

Wonderful Stay Was here for one night before flying out from a long, cold, wet trip. Comfortable, clean rooms. a decent location and was close to the airport. Would definately stay again.

Does exactly what it say on the tin........... Dam Square

Room with a view! Stayed at the Affinia Dumont for 5 days at the end of April 2008. I haunted the forums of trip advisor for months trying to choose the right hotel and I wasn't disappointed! It was hard decision choosing a hotel as we had a decent budget and we found that there wasn't allot in it price wise for the top rated hotels-except the Affinia it was the only one that offered a significant saving on the others which swayed us! We booked direct and they also offer non-refundable rates which offer even greater savings. We'd requested a room on a high floor with a view of the Chrysler building which we got. Wow what a view! Walking into the room and seeing that view is just something I'll never forget. The rooms are large and very comfortable. The bed was large and comfy and the kitchen was an added bonus having coffee making facilities. Although we never cooked in there the fridge was handy and the ability to have a quick slice of toast with your coffee first thing was also great! As others have said this hotel isn't opulent but it doesn't charge rates which reflect this either. To be honest it was as nice as the rooms in which we stayed at in 5* hotels in Las Vegas later in our trip. We have very little interaction with staff in general on our holidays unless we have a problem which we never did however all the staff from the doormen to the cleaners were friendly. the location of the hotel is quite residential with the barking dog next door which do breakfast lunch and dinner all at a good price and I found the quality good/expectable for what you paid. There is a little market next door too where you can get milk, wine, etc if you like. There are a couple of dinners close by too and bars and restaurants close by if you don't want to stray far. There is a subway stop about 5 mins from the hotel and this was our preferred method of getting around the city. The ESB is about 10 minutes walk away and Flatiron another 5 mins away. To me the location wouldn't be important to me if I returned as everywhere is accessible and you're never going to be close to everything. The Times Square area would be the only area that I wouldn't be interested in staying in and around just not my scene. This is a great hotel, my favourite thing was the view and if I were to return to NY I'd certainly check the rates for the Affinia and stay again!

Great Hotel in a great city! After much deliberation and going through the reviews on TA we decided upon the Chancellor and glad to say we disappointed. We decided that the Union square area was more suited to us as there was only myself and girlfriend travelling. The Chancellor exceeded our expectations within 10 seconds of check in as we were upgraded for free to a suite, which had two full separate bathrooms, separate living room, fridge, and the all important tea and coffee making facilities. We had requested a room on a high floor with a nice view if possible our suite have a view so perhaps they we unable to give us a normal room with a view so they bumped us up to the suite? This was just my thinking anyhow and have taken the suite over a view anyhow!! We have very little interaction with hotel staff in general unless we have a problem-we had no problems in the Chancellor so our interactions were limited although all the staff were warm and friendly from the cleaners to the front desk staff. We booked our wine country tour via the tour desk in the lobby and our return transport to the airport she was very helpful. With our upgrade I offer insight into the normal rooms but the suite was probably decorated as the un-refurbished rooms from the website my girlfriend preferred the look of the older rooms anyhow. There really allot I can add from previous reviews-the location is excellent with plenty of dinning options and everything need in and about Union Square. To me the only problems people seem to have with the Chancellor are caused by them not doing their research! The Chancellor is a charming well presented Boutique hotel with great service, it pretend to be luxurious or fancy and their rates reflect this! a shame that the Chancellor and San Francisco are on the other side of the world from us otherwise return sooner rather than later! Great hotel that I hesitate recommending to anyone.

Fantastic Me and my fiancee victoria went to australia to visit some of her familiy in a small town called Appin located in the suburbs of sydney which was excellent. we also stayed in the holiday inn at darling harbour in the heart of sydney for 2 nights staff and guests alike where very friendly. the rooms where a good size with a fully stocked min bar TV and king size bed.we ate out on both nights by darling harbour nice and romantic for couples with candle lit dinners. there is a ton of restaurants that will cater for everyones tastes whether that be a nice big steak or lobster both which was very nice. its not to expensive either although in coparison to some places in sydney it is with a whole lobster costing $40. A typical meal for two on darling harbour including starter and drinks is a between $80 - $100 after the meal there are plenty of bars and clubs to visit with a glass of wine and a beer costing around $8 which is cheap compared to english prices. there is also a casino near by that was very good and intersting.through the day there is loads of stuff to do. if you dont fancy going to far there is an aquarium and martime musem just a short walk from the hotel. if you like to shop there are hundreds of shops and centres to visit. also there are banks such as the hsbc that i used free of charge. if none of that works for you, you can take a ferry to manly and spend the day there it takes about 30 mins on the ferry or take a ferry to sydney zoo ro just take a water taxi around sydney and get an excellent view of the opera house and the harbour bridge as you pass by. two other attractions worth doing but only on a clear day is the harbour bridge walk. Walk over the top of the bridge with a guide the views are amazing, although it is quite expensive costing $180 per person very worth while. The other thing to do is sydney tower again wait until its clear this costs $20 per person but you get a view of the whole city and ona clear day manly and the surronding areas.definatly going again hopefully sooner rather thatn later, brilliant experience.

Dissapointed with the Radisson - 3* at best Having secured a good deal on Ebay, which resulted in paying less than 96 Euros a night including breakfast, my expectations were not huge, as I counted anything at this price in Paris as a bonus!However, having stayed in many Radissons before, coupled with its 4 star rating, it is fair to say, that we were not expecting something basic - which is sadly what we got.To begin with, check in was not smooth, and the problems already started through the repeated requests on the telephone and via email in receiving a written confirmation of our room. Upon check in, the room that was allocated to us was filled with stale smoke, despite asking repeatedly for a non-smoking room. This was quickly and professionally dealt with by the front desk, but then, to our dismay, we were moved to a pokey little room at the end of a corridor, about half the size of the first room! We did not bother complaining again, and stayed put. Note to self: New Year's resolution: Take up smoking.The next dissapointment was the breakfast, which was a pretty basic affair, even for Paris, and cooked incredibly poorly. The baked beans were boiled so much each day, that all flavour had been methodically extracted from each bean leaving them bland and indedible, and the scrambled eggs were a cheap floury cheap mess - not even the orange juice could escape the quest for improving the bottom line, as this was severely watered down.Again, not what I would expect from a Raddisson or a 4* hotel.The last point that was slightly annoying was that no internet connection had been arranged for our room, and every day, I was forced to use a temporary account linked to another guest and his room. It solved the problem of course, but left me with the impression that I wasn't a valued visitor of the hotel as they couldn't be bothered finding a long term solution.Lastly, in relation to the location, it's not bad (a metro station is available two minutes away, over the bridge), but as one reviewer points out, it is a little too far to go if using it as a base to explore Paris. All in all, I would say that this Radisson falls behind the standards of many of the others in the chain. I could go on about its many other annoyances: Charged 20 Euros for alledged mini bar usage (didn't open the fridge once) - Charged 16 Euros for three two minute calls made internally in Paris - Felt the rumbling of the Metro at night underneath us, which could wake light sleepers etcBut not having paid top dollar, these things didn't annoy us as much as they would have done ordinarily.In conclusion then, I would not recommend staying here if you are looking for luxury, 4* star standard or convenience, but only if you can secure an absolute bargain!

For the Price, a Great Deal For the price I was happy enough with the hotel. I was only planning to go there to see Seattle with a friend, and have a place to sleep. I didn't care at all about having anything fancy, just a clean, secure, conveniently located hotel room. They delivered.The manager was incredibly friendly, and the staff made some good suggestions of things to see and do. The room was clean, and building was reasonably quiet for a downtown hotel and seemed secure.I'll definitely go back as long as I find a good price.

A Great Stay It was a great place to stay. The staff gave great suggestions of places to stop while I was in town and were very helpful. The location was very convenient, and I had a great view of the Seattle Library.I really have no complaints, it was a great stay and the price was excellent.

Great Location but over inflated prices Originally booked in sister hotel the Meritus Mandarin on Orchard Road but their pool was closed for renovation. Have stayed in Marina Mandarin a few times on business so knew it was in a great location - very central for a number of attractions and for the shopping but did not anticipate the high prices they were charging even taking into account the xmas and new year period. Facilities are great although rooms smaller than I'd expect for a hotel of this price in this part of the world and in-room facilities are spartan in comparison to other chains. Breakfast buffet is reminiscent of feeding time at the zoo when the hotel is at full capacity as it was during my stay. Such a crush of people meant long queues, a constant lack of something on the buffet table and poor service. Calls to the service desk on this issue went unanswered.Staff are friendly and everything works - the hotel does however lack a real identity but given the high turnover of folk and the size of the place, this is to be expected. Good access to malls/entertainment/MRT/taxis and overall a good hotel althouigh if I were staying again I have decided to stay in the suburbs, save at least $100 per night on room price, commute instead by taxi into town and have an additional $100 to spend on goodies.

No problems at Travellodge We spoent 3 nights in September, 2005 at this location and enjoyed every minute. Greg at the front desk is a great source of information. WIFI is now available in the lobby. Nothing fancy, but good for a resting place after a long day of sightseeing. The pool and hot tub was wonderful.

the Reef is sneaky We arrived with a reservation for a standard room. Went to the room and turned right around. It was so small 2 people could not meet, the bathroom was the smallest I have ever seen and when you open the window curtain you stare right into a blank wall, about 10 ft. away. I dont know if this is the way they get you to ask for an upgrade. Well, I did and asked for ocean view. After some looking they found it and told me that it would be an additional $ 200 for a 7 day stay. That was OK, so I initialled it. They assigned us the penthouse on the 18th floor. Great rooms and wonderful view. The surprise came at check-out time. The $ 200 was the charge per night, so I owed an additional $ 1400. After some discussion with the manager she waltzed around and finally dropped it to $ 100/night. I did not ask for the penthouse, just a ocean front room. I feel that this was a bait and switch plan. Give them the worst room in the house and then sock it to them. Very unhappy. Food is OK and not too expensive. The front bar is the best, live entertainment, friendly bar keep.Advise: Make sure your room is what you expect. Standard room is nothing as explained. I will never return to this hotel again.

Style and Class I stayed at this hotel one night for business because of a recomendation from an associate. It is very centrally located, besides - the public transportation is very easy in Berlin anyway (trains and u-bahns). Not at all pretentious on the outside, but well received by some smartly dressed bellhops who whisked my bag promptly up to my room while I checked in. Decor in the hotel is very modern and neatly in its place. The front desk people were super helpful and I guess were having a good day, because they acted quite enthusiasticly behind thier counter as they worked. My room was a single and cost 150 Euro. It would have been 130 if you dont want the breakfast. So the term 'breakfast included' is a little misleading - you pay extra for it. The room was also very modern, with lots of glass and low furnature, but had a warm vibe due to the earthy tones and very roomy feeling due to the low furnature. Bath room was great - adorned with granite and glass - maybe on the small side, but for a single guy it had more than enough room. My personal favourite addition was the personal Lavazza expresso machines in each room. What better of a way to start and end your day than with a frothy fresh Lavazza expresso!The breakfast was supirior to all I have had in Europe and the US. Second to non with the vast selections of the buffet, plus made to order omletts if you want. All of this topped off with thier signature service. No sooner had I sat down - I had a coffee in front of me and silverwear to start my meal.My stay was short, but one of the top experiences with a hotel while on the road. Thanks Swissotel!

Converted from another hotel - needs more work This hotel was converted from another hotel brand within the last 18 -24 months or so. However, it did not feel like a Westin - from the rude front desk staff to the lack of helpful doormen, the service at this Westin was really lacking and not up to par with other Westins - I suspect this is one of those licensed properties and not under the direct control of Starwood. This is reflected in the standards of service which were low. The room was ok - i was on a high floor as a Starwood Platinum. LCD TV in the room, nice bed, and individual coffee maker was nice. Bathroom was small, and wireless internet was always weak signal the entire time, and it kept disconnecting. When you pay $14 or so, you expect that the signal is strong and that it doesnt keep dropping you. I had to ask for the toiletries to be replaced since the maid didnt replenish shampoo or shower gel. Room service menu is limited and expensive - plenty of nearby restaurants thankfully. Location of the hotel is great as long as you dont expect the staff to go out of its way to help you. Have already changed my future reservations for San Francisco to stay elsewhere.

Amazing Hotel - Top Notch in Hong Kong The Mandarin Oriental hotel (this is the original one and it recently in the last year completed a renovation - this is not the newer Landmark Center location two blocks away) was flawless. From the moment the uniformed agent met me outside customs and whisked me away to the hotel in a large, new Black Mercedes sedan to check in to the remainder of my stay, it was perfect in every way. Even though checking in at 3am (delayed flights due to weather in China), the hotel staff was ready for me. The room was a harbor view room complete with binoculars to look across the harbor from Central. Hermes toiletries abound. The bath area was incredible, complete with soaking tub and a FULL range of toiletries for all needs (nails, teeth, shaving and much more). Beds were very comfortable. VERY ample supply of free bottled water. State of the art flat screen TVs. Very large in room safe. Terry cloth and silk roabs as choice. Slippers that actually fit large feet like mine. The health club on the 24th floor was amazing too. Very large. Nice facilities overall. Breakfast was included in my rate at their buffet on the mezzanine level was first rate. Car service back to the airport was also flawless, except for a small wait for my pick up due to heavy traffic near the hotel. Once at the airport, a uniformed valet took me all through the process right up to security. Very nice. I cant wait to go back!

Amazing - Love this hotel! I recently stayed here again for a few days leading up to the Christmas holidays. I love this hotel and will keep coming back. It's hip, modern, fashionable and VERY well located - cant have a better location in Florence than perched right above the Ponte Vecchio over the Arno river! The rooms are white and soft... very clean modern furnishings, baths/showers and beds. Hotel staff at the front desk is VERY helpful and willing to find solutions to your needs. They even do small favors such as have a pair of pants hemmed for me at the last minute by the hotel staff. They made excellent recommendations for non-touristy restaurants nearby as well, and they arranged for a private car and driver to take us to the nearby outlets. Thsi hotel has a warm, friendly and inviting atmosphere. The staff is very welcoming and you feel like a gest in someon's home in many ways. It was not terribly crowded during the Christmas holiday week so it was a nice break from the crowds seen there in the summer. One thing to note - they close their incredible rooftop terrace during the cold months which is a shame - nothing a few outdoor heaters couldnt solve so you can appreciate the incredible view! The wi-fi internet connection was also included in the room. We did not have breakfast in our rate and did not eat in the restaurant on this recent trip, but they do have a nice place to eat inside the hotel. They also have a small gym with modern equipment right on property and a sauna for hotel guests. Overall, a GREAT experience. Will be back for sure!

Great on the Outside - Beware the Inside Stayed here recently for 3 nights. Beautiful hotel on the outside. They have combined about 25 historic old buildings together to form a sprawling hotel with courtyards and gardens at the center. I am a Starwood Platinum member and checked in assuming I would be given my upgrade to the best available room (this wording according to policies by Starwood). I had reserved a Deluxe room. They said they were upgrading me to an Executive Room because of my status. The room didnt appear to be any different than the room i had booked. Because these are old historic buildings, they are typically small rooms. I understand that, but when Starwood says you will be upgraded to the best available room and the hotel is not full, and it has junior suites available that are much bigger, and you have been given a small interior room with no real view, you begin to wonder. I stayed one night because I was jet lagged. But i called the duty manager the next night and asked for a larger room. At first he fed me some story about small rooms. I insisted and was about to call Starwood in the US (that usually works, by the way) and he said he would give me the junior suite. The manager acted like he was doing me a favor. But the back of my platinum card actually spells out the policies. They tried to just give me an upgrade to the next class of room, not the best class. BEWARE - if you are entitled to it and you dont make progress with the local manager, call Starwood Preferred Guest in the US. Other things to note: PROS: 2 free stroopfwaffles each day; GREAT BEDS! (some of the most comfortable i have slept in); good assortment of toiletries; plenty of electrical outlets (pet peeve when they dont have enough); helpful concierge; fashionable and good restaurant; GREAT location for walking to everything; BEAUTIFUL views on that canal, said to be one of the best in the city.CONS (in addition to feedback shown above): expensive wi-fi service (19 euros for 24 hours); mold/mildew in the shower areas (in both rooms i saw); repeated requests for extra towels went ignored; not very helpful valet.Other things to know: the large revolving front door is locked after midnight at some point - you need to press the green lighted button on the bellstand which then rings the night manager inside to let you in; the cafe off the main lobby is expensive for coffee - plenty of local nice places on the 9 Streets which are literally on the next block down; concierge desk has plenty of umbrellas at their desk if you need to borrow one; lighting inside the rooms seemed a bit sparse if you like it bright; you cannot put anything in most of the room refrigerators because they are the automated mini bars where if you take anythign out it bills you -- the junior suite had a small regular refrigerator though; they have plenty of papers to choose from; some bathrooms seemed to have heated marble floors - nice on a cold morning.

Needs a little freshening up I stayed at the Charlesmark as an alternative to the mega-convention hotels in Back Bay for a major conference. It was mostly a very pleasant experience - the staff are particularly friendly and helpful and the rooms clean and well-equipped. They are small, but Boston hotel rooms often are and I found this one more manageable than the poky little closet that I got at the Omni Parker House last time I was in the city. The complimentary continental breakfast was good value, particularly when faced with a challenging day of eating for the company. The rooms are remarkably quiet considering the location on Boylston, which is quite a party street. The air conditioning is also discreet and effective so I got some really good sleep, which was much needed to work from 08:30 until 22:00. However, all the awards are for the opening in 2006 and some investment is becoming due. Frankly, the towels were threadbare and I would not have been surprised to put my feet through the sheets. I also had some intricate cross-cultural negotiations to get a plug for the bathroom hand-basin (or a stopper for the bathroom sink, if you are reading this in US English).

Excellent Vacation I was a little worried about this resort after reading various reviews before we left however, once we arrived we had an excellent relaxing vacation. The staff at the hotel tried their very best to see that everything that they providied was done well. I was travelling with two teenage daughters as well as my girlfriend so I wanted them to learn how to tip. We made sure that everone that gave us good service received at least a dollar for their trouble and we soon found that after only one day everyone knew our names and were very attentive to our every need or request. Mind you that I think we only tipped maybe $10 dollars through the day but you could tell that it was much appreciated. Our room was kept very clean and the maids even made towel art and placed flower petals around the room everyday. They kept my fridge stocked with exactly what we asked for everyday as well. The resturants were nice and the food plentiful so when I read other reviews saying the food was bad I have to believe that the folks are being a little picky. This resort is huge and unless you like to walk around alot I recommend you take the little trains that travel thru out the resort. You will not be unhappy staying at this resort.

Great stay, not too shabby The location to this hotel is fantastic, right in the middle of Hollywood. Rooms are a decent size, clean and fairly comfortable. We had a room with a kitchenette, as expected the kitchen facilities fantastic, one stove work, there a lot of cooking utensils, but we could get by to save some costs of eating out. Free internet and printing service is great. Also has secure parking.

Loved Oakwood Apartments and would stay here again. Our apartment in Shinjuku for 6 nights.

Decent hotel housed in an incredible building We stayed at the Villa Fontaine the last night of our trip to Japan. The hotel is in the futuristic Shiodome area, and the building the hotel is in has a massive open atrium that is sure to impress anyone on their arrival. The front desk was very friendly, and had even held a bit of luggage for us at no charge since we had started in Tokyo and did not want to haul it around with us while we saw other parts of Japan.The rooms themselves are unremarkable, but clean and efficient. Like others have said, there is not much to do right in Shiodome, but Ginza is a short walk away, as is the Tsukiji fish market and Hama Rikyu garden. It is also possible to connect to the JR lines and subway directly from the hotel building (10-15 mins walking underground).A breakfast is included (Japanese and Western), and both of us enjoyed it - definitely a plus.

The Mini-hotel wasn't for me. Good location. Mediocre at best. My work moved offices near Times Square and I figured i'd try a few different hotels to figure out what is best. I tried the Hotel Mela on this trip and overall left unimpressed.The good: Staff is very friendly and helpful. Location is near Times Square. Very easy to get to.The bad: I didn't really enjoy my stay. The hotel's elevators are tiny. I'm not a big guy, but they were very cramped and could hold 3 or 4 people max.My room was tiny. I stayed in their standard queen room and it was the smallest room i've ever stayed in. It had no closet but instead had a tiny Armoire. The problem was this was filled with a safe and a wine chiller and wine glasses, thus hanging any clothing in it wasn't possible. Thus, I hung my clothes in the bathroom. The room also had a small flat panel screen and two tiny nightstands attached to the wall. The room was dark and not well lit. A nice light would have been great. The room had no room for my luggage and was about one foot larger than the bed, thus, there was no place to sit or walk around. It was the bed, a door and the bathroom. Not very comfortable - reminded me of the Ibis hotels in Europe + Ikea furniture. The bed was comfortable and clean though. But the floor had stains on the capet.The bathroom was marble and nice but not very clean. The shower had a number of hairs in it and some slight mold build-up. I couldn't get hot water at night, though it worked to some extent in the morning. The bathroom was small but fairly comfortable. H20 spa amenities were nice.Other problems are thin walls. I heard absolutely everything my neighbors were doing and could hear all conversations in the hallway.Also, there is construction next door which promptly woke me up at 7AM. The construction was extremely loud. If I knew about it, I wouldn't stay there until it was over.The Mela was in the middle of my price range. I think there are much better values around Times Square than this place. And rooms nearby at other hotels are much bigger.If I got an amazing deal (i.e. under $200) i'd consider staying here, but otherwise there are much better choices.

Superb service, clean rooms, but humidity is a killer We stayed for three nights at the Ritz in San Juan. As far as San Juan resorts and hotels go, this is about the best there is. The hotel is located about 1/2 a mile from the Airport. This makes it very close by if flying in, but also causes some airport noise to be heard in the resort.The grounds of the hotel are superb. The pool area and hot tub are beautiful, well kept and large. The beach of cleaned and the staff makes sure it is well kept as well. There are tons of chairs and umbrellas. No matter what time you go to the pool or beach, there were chairs waiting.Service is superb. Whenever we needed something it was done quickly and professionally.The casino is a decent size for a San Juan casino and the dealers are friendly enough. It had a few tables and was open 24 hours unlike some others.The rooms are standard Ritz rooms. Marble baths, flat screen tvs, etc. This Ritz property, i'd put at the lower end of Ritz hotels. Its nor particularly modern or stylish but is comfortable. The bed was very soft. Our room, facing the airport (City view) had a view of a runway. We did not ever hear airplanes from our room though. The room had high speed internet which was included in the resort fee.As others have noted, food and drink are EXPENSIVE. Mixed drinks are around $14 each, beers $6 and food - $18 for a burger and $22 for a cob salad with chicken. That being said, a Dennys and other restaurants are next door if you want to save a few bucks.Our only complaint was the humidity in the hotel. The hotel hallways had a certain mildew-ish smell and our room was very humid. No matter if we had the AC or not, it was unbelievable humid in our room to a point where all papers and clothing were just a wet mess by the end of our stay. We would have liked to see a de-humidifer or something in the property.Other than that, no complaints at all. The Ritz made for a wonderful mini vacation.

Amazing Hotel Amazing hotel. Easily the best in Barcelona i've stayed at.We stayed in a normal room for a few short days. The split room thing is a little wierd. We only used the small room a few times to watch tv.The hotel is perfectly located on a busy street in Raval off the Lambras. The hotel is beautiful in a simple artsy way and 100% clean. The staff is friendly, speaks perfect english, and was very helpful during our stay when one of the people traveling with us got their wallet stolen.The room was a great size. Bed was very very comfortable. The rain shower is amazing. Possibly the best shower i've had in a long time. The rooms are quiet.The food during the day is great - little sandwiches, water, sodas, etc. The breakfast is great as well. We had delcious omlettes and eggs every day.There is a free computer and printer in the lobby and wifi.Amazing hotel. I'd stay again in a second.

Superb location but certainly not the best I've been to Paris about 15 times and generally stay in the 5th. The area is lively, though extremely touristy. If you are a first time visitor to Paris, the 5th is recommended. That being said, i've stayed at some really good hotels and some really bad ones in the 5th. I'll put the Albe in the 7/10 range, not the best, certainly not the worst.As for my stay at d'Albe, I decided to give it a try because of an amazing deal I got on the web. I paid a discounted rate for 3 nights and got a 4th night free and a free breakfast every morning. If I was paying full rate (or nearly full rate) I would have been disappointed with my room.Location: Smack dab in the middle of the Latin Quarter. This is good and bad. This is good because you can walk or metro or cab to nearly anywhere quickly. This is bad because d'Albe is located on a pedestrian street. Some cab drivers will drop you off at the front of the hotel. Some will not. Thus, you may have to drag your luggage through crowds to get to the hotel.The lobby: The lobby is very modern and fresh looking.The staff: The staff is friendly enough. They made a reservation for us. Though I had a few problems here and there where the staff would take a smoke break and lock the front hotel door. Thus I had to lounge around out front of the hotel and wait for them to get back to open the door again. This generally happened only later at night (11pm-1am)The room: Small like most of Paris hotels that are not outrageously expensive. It had a safe and a flat panel TV. It had a tiny desk. It had a tiny closet. The room also had a small bathroom. We did not have a tub. We only had a shower stall (i'm American so shower stall is aok). The room looked like it was sort of remodeled recently. Maybe fresher carpet but definitely showing age. The lights flickered a lot. It only had one outlet to charge my phone/camera/computer. The bathroom showed a bit of age. The shower was not as clean as I hoped, a bit of mold here and there. The toilet ran unless you gave it a whack. I also could rarely get consistent hot water in the morning, though hot water flowed freely after 3pm. (I checked with others staying and they had similar problems). The air conditioning worked wonderfully. I could make the room freezing.Breakfast: They get danishes and croissants from the bakery next door so it was all fresh. They had coffee, cheese, some hard boiled eggs and ham. For free it was very nice. For pay, you can walk next door and get a fresh hot danish for a euro or two.Overall, I didn't love it. It was very mediocre. For around the same price, there are a lot of hotels in the area that are nicer. If I got a deal again, i'd probably stay. If I had to pay normal rates, i'd choose elsewhere. I don't quite see the fascination on TA about the hotel.

Comfy beds. Questionable service My company has an agreement with the Magnolia so that is where everyone stays when in Dallas.The hotel is centrally located in downtown Dallas. The area is pretty much dead except during weekdays. The hotel is in a historic building. It looks fairly recently renovated. Nice touches of the hotel: Free breakfast, free drinks for happy hour and free cookies at night.The good: Bed is very comfortable. I like hard beds and had a wonderful sleep. Others on my trip commented how comfy the beds were as well. The room had a nice workspace, a tv, a fridge and a nice sized closet.The bad/okay: The bathroom didn't appear to be the cleanest. The toilet was leaking a bit in my room and there was a rust spot behind it. The bathroom floor also didn't appear to be that clean. (The rest of the room was immaculate though.) The internet is wireless and it is horribly slow. I also didn't like the staff. They seems a bit cocky when asked for questions. My room was also not made up and I had to pressure to front desk to get my room made. Nothing worse than coming back from a long day of meetings to find your towels wet and bed still a mess.Overall, the stay was fine. Its certainly not the most luxurious, but it is pretty nice and if you can get a good deal, by all means stay there.

Marvellous Hotel! Four Seasons Hotel - Sydney AU My wife and I stayed at the Four Seasons Sydney for two weeks in April prior to sailing on SAPPHIRE PRINCESS to Los Angeles. The hotel is wonderful and we had a marvellous time. We had a full harbor view junior suite (rooms ending in 15 have the most spectacular views of the harbor - Opera House, Bridge and Circular Quay) and it was large and elegantly furnished! (Note: regular rooms appear to be beautiful but on the small side). We paid the extra fee for membership in the Executive Club which was pricey but worth it with wonderful breakfasts, cocktail hours and desserts daily plus a fabulous concierge, Jane, just for Exec Club members. She was very helpful in all ways and invaluable in finding my wife a doctor when necessary. The regular hotel concierge, Jorge, was also great - booking restaurants, etc. The Hotel's restaurant, Kable's was excellent - great food and service (not fancy or fussy!) and we enjoyed eating several dinners there (much better food than we had at some of the top and most expensive restaurants in the Rocks/ Circular Quay area). We did not use the Spa but the outdoor pool was lovely and the poolside lunches were great. In summary, this was a lengthy stay at any hotel and we will remember it as one of the best hotels we have ever stayed at anywhere! Wish Australia was not so far away so we could return often to the Four Seasons Sydney!

Very, Very Tired! We have just returned home after 5 nights at the Grand Hyatt in San Francisco, stopping there to get over jet lag after flying back from two months in Asia. We had a Regency Club room which really offered nothing more than a not impressive continental breakfast in the over crowded lounge on the 31st floor. The room was not large, the decor was drab and the furnishings were very, very tired. In fact, we had last stayed at this hotel 32 years ago and I am sure the furnishings, with the exception of the very comfortable bed, are exactly the same as they were then when the hotel was new. This is the only hotel I can ever recall having absolutely NO BATHMAT or RUG of any sort for the bathroom floor and the very low tub/shower combo has no grab bars for safety when using the shower. The Grand Hyatt up the road in Seattle is one of our most favorite hotels in the world and the Grand Hyatt San Francisco could certainly take some lessons from her Seattle cousin!

Conrad Hotels in Asia are Wonderful! We recently spent a week at The Conrad, Hong Kong at the end of a two month trip to Asia and this stay really finished off our Asian sojourn in style! We were on the 59th floor facing the harbor and just down the hall from the Executive Lounge. Our room included breakfast, either in the Lounge or downstairs in the Garden Cafe which opened onto an outside terrace by the gorgeous pool. Our room, tho not particularly large was extremely comfortable and very nicely decorated in an oriental motif. The only negatives about the room were the fact you could not adjust the airconditioning temperature or air flow and the commode was in a very tiny separate cubicle off the main bath which was awkward and uncomfortable. Overall this is an elegant hotel which offers great convenience and outstanding warm yet professional service! We will certainly stay at the Conrad Hotels in Hong Kong and Singapore when we return to Asia!

Wonderful Experience! We just returned from a month in Asia and stayed a week at the Conrad Centennial in Singapore. I am Hilton Gold HHonors and have stayed at all the Hilton brands all over the US and Europe but this was the first fime we have stayed at a Conrad Hotel. What a terrific hotel! The room was lovely, the bathroom fantastic and the service throughout was exemplary. We were particularly impressed with the Executive Lounge on the top floor. It took up the entire floor (as I remember) and had great views in all directions. The food and service were wonderful - full breakfast, elegant tea, and other food/beverage service all day long. Did not use the gym, but the pool was beautiful and there was very attentive poolside service. The only thing about the hotel we were not crazy about was the only restaurant - Oscar's. It had a 24 hour a day buffet which looked good if you like buffets (we don't) and was very noisy. We ordered several meals from the VERY LIMITED menu which were OK but it really would have been nice to have had a more conventional restaurant available in the hotel. But we loved the Conrad and would rate this brand as equal to or superior to Ritz Carltons we have stayed at in other cities.

Great Location Great Location on Damrak, across the road from Debjenkorf a great dpartment store a stones trow from Dam Square.The walls were a little thin, we had a room backing onto the stairs we could hear everyone coming up or down the stairs.The bathroom has a glass door, a bit bizarre, but hey it is Amsterdam!The breakfast was great, cereal, bacon, eggs, pastries-as much as you can eat.The reception staff were very friendly rooms were very clean.Perfect for a weekend stay, if any longer the noise may begin to beother you

Good Location, needs a facelift I Pod clock radio

Overall disappointing Blau Beach

very nice hotel in a great location I stayed 2 nights at the ESJ last month. I was there for a friends weeding, so I took advantage of a special rate, which was very good.The hotel is located about 10 minutes drive from SJU airport, which means the cost of taxi was very affordable. I was greeted by a bellman who promptly took my bag and ushered me to the front desk. Check in and out was smoothe. The front desk staff was very efficient. The lobby looked beautiful and was very busy after dark. I walked through the casino, but I was hoping they would have a sports book. They didn't. It was small. Not my scene. Lots of slot machines.The room was very nice. Spacious, clean and very cool. The ac works very well. The bed was extremely comfortable. You could sit outside and smoke on the patio.The beach is on site and gorgeous. I didn't stay near the pool, so I don't know what its condition was. The housekeeper who took care of my room was very sweet. She was very helpful in offering suggestions on places to go and things to see in the area.On the first floor, right past the front desk there is a starbucks. Further down the corridor is a variety of fine shops. I like to smoke cigars and they have a fine selection in one shop. I ate at the palm steak house restaurant on site, which was very good. My steak was delicious and the service was excellent. There is a trattoria which was good for a light lunch. There was also a very nice looking northern Italian restaurant and a night club, neither of which did I experience. There was plenty to do right in the hotel itself.The facility for the wedding was really very nice and the banquet food was good. It was a beautiful wedding and I think that the staff at the hotel did a fine job. My only regret was that I didn't have more time to spend. I would definitely recommend this hotel to friends and family members who were looking to stay in San Juan.

most excellent hotel stayed at the shangri la for 5 days. It was perfect - the room was well equiped and the staff were charming and helpful. How they all knew our name was astonishing. Handy for the star ferry and kowloon shopping. We stayed in a Horizon harbour view room - well worth the extra - magnificent view over the harbour and a lovely lounge with coffee, soft drinks and nibbles all day with a happy 2 hours with complementary alcohol and hot snacks in the evening, plus a most excellent complimentary breakfast. All in all couldn't fault it at all and will certainly stay there on our next Hong Kong trip

best hotel we have ever stayed at spent 8 nights here in November - it was magnificant, the gardens, the villa, the plunge pool, the infinity pool, the staff, the restaurants - all magnificant. Has spoiled us for anywhere else. The prices are eye watering especially with the current state of the pound but you get what you pay for.A couple of details - the breakfasts are superb - mixture of western and eastern stuff with a daily special - and of course marvellous views.The pool - constant supplies of iced water with regular rounds of frozen watermellon and sobet served by charming young men.The tamal wantalan restaurant - magnificant italian food. the concierge - incredibly helpful re trips etc.minor niggle - when you are paying this much to stay there charging extra for wi fi does seem a bit petty. We had intended to see a lot of bali but appart from two trips - to the volcano and uluwata we spent most of the time at the pool.Tip - the seafood cafes 200 yards along the beach were excellent and avoided us bankrupting ourselves at the hotel restaurants.

Nice Place View from room

Cosy, Comfy, perfect location !! We have just returned from our 3 night stay at this hotel. It more than fulfilled our expectations for a 3 star hotel in a perfect location. Check in was swift and pleasant, and the room was so cosy and we were on the top floor. The bathroom was lovely, and this like many other Paris rooms was small but that just added to our overall experience. We would return to this hotel in a heart beat. The breakfast was included in our nightly rate, but at 10 euros each I doubt we would have paid this amount for it had it not been included. The staff at the hotel were very friendly and always helpful with any questions we had.As a previous reviewer said a safe bet A great hotel :-))

Wonderfully close to airport, reasonable rates, clean Had an early morning flight, so I relocated to this unit. It's an 'older' property, rather traditionally laid out and appointed. The rooms are large, clean, and well appointed. Good towels, many pillows, nice bed.Don't bother with room service; the lobby restaurant serves the same food, a WHOLE lot faster, less cost, calls you when ready, and gives you a nice tray to take upstairs.Computers in lobby for printing boarding passes, printers that WORK, reasonable front desk staff.Parking lot is ample, close to car rental returns and gas stations.Nice place.

Just as Great Second Time Around We just returned from our second visit to the Dominican Beach. We were there in Jan 2006 when it was the Ocean Bavaro. We really like this resort for the fantastic beach, great pool, beautiful grounds, the general convenient layout of the buildings, the friendly staff, and, of course, the price. Apparently some of the rooms need repair, but we have had fine rooms both times. This time we requested and got a room in Block 100, which is the newest. We enjoy the activities during the day and the entertainment at night. The food this time was acceptable, but not quite as good as the first time. The guests were generally young and not American. There were large contingents from Quebec (French), Italy, and Germany. We are 65-year-old Americans, but we enjoy the excitement of the young people and the cultural diversity. If you need older English-speaking people around, you should probably go somewhere else. We will be keeping our eyes open for a good deal to return next January.

Fantastic Time at the Ocean Bavaro We just got back from an absolutey fantastic 6 nights at Ocean Bavaro. I do not understand the negative reviews that had us very worried. If you need an American 5-star hotel, then stay home or pay three times as much. We loved the mix of languages and cultures. It was like a beach vacation and a trip to Europe combined. There were very few Americans, but a significant number of Canadians so there was English spoken in addition to Spanish, French, Italian, German, and Dutch. We got lucky and got a good room first time around in Building 96. The room was freshly painted and similar in quality to an older Holiday Inn. Building 96 is as far from the beach as you can get, but this was not a problem. It is a short 5 minute walk through the beautiful grounds to the pool or beach. We enjoyed finding our way through the maze of trails with new picture opportunities at every turn. I kept taking pictures of the beautiful flamingos and cranes in the lake. The grounds are immaculate. Every morning, every stray leaf and twig is swept up. We also did not get a single mosquito bite and saw only a few flies. Beach: The beach is awesome. The powdery white sand makes the water a ittle too milky for snorkeling, but it could not be better for everything else. Pools: We loved the main pool with its palm shaded nooks and islands. We made good use of the swim-up bar. All the bars were well staffed with no more than a 0 to 5 minute wait. The pool was comfortably warm because it is sheltered from the wind. In some other hotels cold water is a problem. Food: The food in the buffet was quite acceptable. It ranged from average to excellent. There was much variety, so you could only eat the things you liked. The beach grill was a favorite for lunch. On different days, they had grilled lamb, pork, beef, or fish, as well as the usual buffet. We went to all of the ala carte restaurants, but found them generally no better than the buffet. We ate everything including the salads and the fish, and the goat, and did not get sick or hear of anyone else getting sick. We also liked the almost 24-hour pizzzeria. Staff: We found the staff to be friendly and helpful in every way. They sometimes know little English, but, hey, I don't know any Spanish. I did, however, learn enough to order my pina coladas and Bahama mamas con mucho ron. Summary: We loved it and would absolutely go back.

Good Find! Just returned from a 3 night business trip to Barcelona. What a fantastic City! The hotel which I found via your site was excellent, nice room, good facilities, air con too efficient! Nice helpful staff above all nice a quiet relaxed. Not too far from the main centre of things, Metro station Arc de Triomphe - 5 minutes walk away - 2 stops Place de Catalunya - Las Ramblas etc; I would certainly recommend for either business or wk/end break.

Very good, but not great We have just returned from a trip to Bali including four nights at the Karma Jimbaran (see review) and three nights at Uma Ubud. Our stay here did not get off to a good start. We had booked a car to pick us up from Jimbaran, but the car didn't arrive. I phoned the Uma and they sent a car immediately, but due to the distance between the resorts, we ended up waiting over two hours in total. We also had to switch rooms after the first night due to some plumbing problems, which wasn't such a big problem, but certainly not ideal. We received a free late check-out at the end of our stay, which may have been intended as compensation, although no-one said this explicitly.As for the resort, the reception and pool areas are beautiful, and the restaurant is set lower down in the valley with nice views and a lovely open-air feel. However, the resort is situated on a relatively small piece of land, and therefore the villas are packed tightly together with no sense of space. This was a huge contrast to the wondeful Maya Ubud, where we stayed last year.We stayed in a garden villa, which was not the cheapest category of room but probably the worst. The room itself is nice, if very simple, and the bathroom is beautiful, but the garden consists of a small sitting area with a table and two upright chairs, and a tiny lawn. Both areas are completely surrounded by 3-meter high walls - meaning that your view is a small square of sky - and both are too small to fit loungers. The cheaper terrace rooms had beautiful views of the valley, so if a view is important to you, go for the cheaper option!We ate at the restaurant for breakfast every day, and for lunch and dinner on other occasions. The food was good, but nothing amazing. We also tried Mozaic, where the food was fantastic, but we found the whole experience to be exhaustingly fancy and formal - not the kind of thing we're looking for in a holiday in Bali.One of the great things about the Uma Ubud is its location just steps away from Sanggingan Road, where you can find lots of nice shops and galleries, a few restaurants (including Mozaic), and the fabulous Bintang supermarket for beer, juice and snacks ten times cheaper than the mini bar at the resort. We also had a superb lunch at the Kafe Batan Waru in Ubud town center - my beef rendang was the best meal of the whole trip. Definitely worth a visit.Another mention should go to the reception staff, who were incredibly helpful and polite.I've listed quite a few negatives here, but I still enjoyed my stay at the Uma Ubud. Nevertheless, I would probably go back to the Maya Ubud or splash out on the Four Seasons Sayan if I went back to Ubud for another visit.

Good value for money. Second time I chose Ibis mainly because of its location and price. Amsterdam is a very expensive city when it comes to accomodation. Ibis can be found for breakfast included and that is a good deal for Amsterdam. Yes, the bathrooms are small, yes it may e a bit on the noisy side but I can tell you two things...if you are in Amsterdam you don't want to spend your time in the bathroom except when nature calls, and the second thing is if you want peace and quiet go to Santorini in November and not Amsterdam! Enjoy it!

Great Vacation-- Don't believe the few poor reviews view from room

Would go back there again anytime... I have posted this on the other - also popular site - so you may read it twice. First of all, this wouldn't be as much review of the place - which is excellent - but our rather humble comment - to some of contributors.It wasn't my intention to enter this good-bad exchanges (reviews),but after reading several very contrastings reviews, I have made a decision,to supply my 2 cents worth and contribute myself... And I can say: I'm doing this for the first time ever. (Of course this will be second time, first time was the other site.)Unfortunately, it won't be as much about this resort (or place),but rather about those people pretending to be a world wise travellerswho know everything best...To start with: I will not mention places I have travel to - or tohave an experience with, because it doesn't make sense at all.Instead, I will say only that this resort, by all means, deserves those four-and halfto five stars ratings you can see. And for you, those people complaining about small, petty,and excuse me - quite stupid - problems, I can say only this:go to the real world. But please, don't pretendto be a know-all everything person. Because you are not!If you were, you wouldn't mentioned those silly problems youmay - or may not - have encountered.Remember this: they can happen everywhere!In Paris Ritz Carleton or Waldorf Astoria in New York...It is your privilege to whine, complain (or -----) about everything,but remember: in the real world you can always - and everywhere, find something that p/o you, or that you don't like. However, there is a big difference between your subjectivityand objectivity as a whole...Now briefly to the facts - objectivity or subjectivity:We returned from Bavaro Princess in Punta Cana 11th of June, and by all means - and truthfully - we can say this: it was a perfectexperience and we had very enjoyable vacation. Again, we will not brag - ormention places we have been or we seen before, but regardingthis resort- it is thumps up, and its 4.5 to 5.0 stars rating well deserved!With an exception of a poor orientation in such a big complex, everythingwas, and worked just OK. (And we didn't have to buy VIP' suite...)As an example: there was a problem with lights when we arrived,and we had reported thisbefore lunch time. On our return - about two hours later, it was fixed!Would you get this in Sheratons or Hiltons?... I guess you will. But same we got here.And those complains about language - what a crap...You people think that staff there will learn all those languages theymay encounter: English, German, French, Italian, Japanese and so on...?Don't be naive. With an exception of Holla we didn't know much more.But we communicated with everyone we had to...And the last thing: please, don't be el-cheapo - as we have seen this several times.It means even if you are all inclusive, it is a courtesy - and I would say a normal thing - to give some token of appreciation in a form of gratitudeto a waiter/waitress that served you in a reservation only restaurant...I frankly can say that I was ashamed to see people leaving without leaving even thosepathetic 25 cents as a gratitude! Can you imagine to do this any place you live in: USA, Canada, Australia,Germany or Great Britain...? There you would be mark for ever!!! (And we are not talking about some huge tips, just a dollar or so would do thatand go a long way...)So it is all, and for your info - I'm from Canada - but originally from Europe.To close all this: Bavaro Princess is 5*PS: Try not to fly - if in Canada - with Skyservice. It is no good.

Nice hotel, front desk consistently poor Firstly, for the most part, the hotel is excellent - the location is perfect for BART, for shopping in Union Square and just generally getting about the city. There is certainly some homelessness in the immediate area, but that's true throughout the city and shouldn't be counted against the Parc.The rooms themselves are big enough and have all the standard amenities you'd expect from a 4* hotel.My only problem was the front desk - surly during check in and unhelpful at other times. For instance, they have an internet connection in the lounge on the second floor which uses pre-paid cards and advertises them. Except they don't actually have any. Front desk's attitude was basically not got any, not our problem, which stinks for a large hotel.

Mildew smell not good for allergies Most hotels in San Francisco were sold out or $400 plus for this weekend. Th Cornell Hotel had availability at $165/night. I was prepared for a basic hotel, but was still disappointed. Joan was friendly on the phone. Arrival - man in the evening was not friendly, not hospitable, and without personality. Room - walked in and all I could smell or take in was the mildew/damp odor. We had a two night reservation - my friend left after the first night with severe allergy issues. Room has no A/C - left windows open to cool the room, which resulted in very little sleep b/c of the street noise.

Must Stay in Hong Kong The Conrad Hong Kong was one of the best hotels I have ever experienced any where in the world. I travel 3 or 4 days per week on the average so to say the least I was extremely satisfied with this hotel. We booked a normal room and where upgraded to a suite with a bay view. I am sure this was because I am a Hilton Diamond. The breakfast on the Executive floor was outstanding. Also do not miss the drinks and finger foods starting at 5:30 pm. The staff at the hotel bring you to your room upon arrival and get you acquanited with the hotel. Nice touch! We stayed for three nights and wished it cold have been longer. Take the Airport Express train from the airport and then go to #1 bus at the Central station. This is the easiest and fastest way to get to hotel. Our room was just finished being remodeled. I recommend this hotel to business or leisure traveller.The concierge recommeded the Hu Tong restaurant on Kowloon side for dinner. This restuarant has to be on your list of MUST DO when in Hong Kong. Try and have dinner during the 8 pm time slot to watch the light show on other side of bay.We stayed here as part of our 20th wedding anniversary.Richard and Emily

Over-priced but Efficient My wife and I have just returned from a week's stay at the Caribe Hilton in San Juan PR , paying a convention rate which still was quite expensive. Every additional item was charged and the restaurants' meals drinks were extortionate - so thanks to previous travellers who suggested the convenient Subway on the corner nearby. It is often worthwhile getting a cab into Old San Juan ($10 to $11 each way) to sample the numerous restaurants there and the vibrant street scene (a festival on the Sunday celebrating San Sebastian and noisy Birthday celebrations).The room was comfortable and the front desk did move us at our request due to the dull view across a cigarette butt strewn roof we had from the third floor room initially allocated. One bright spot was the pride in his job shown by Augustus who took care of the pool area near the tropical gardens. It was kept absolutely pristine and it was clear how much he cared for the area and the hotel guests who used it.

Beautiful place to stay After 7 days at the Caribe Hilton, where every little item is charged for as an addition to the room rate, it was such a refreshing change to stay here for three days.The old convent was tastefully restored 10 years ago and although in need of some minor renovation this did not diminish our enjoyment. Close to the shops and restaurants - it was simple and safe to walk around the Old Town. (NB away from the no-go areas of La Perla its nearby graveyard).Impeccably and frequently cleaned, the service from all staff was beyond expectation, (UK-USA electrical transformer loaned at no cost), the daily wine cheese reception (comlimentary) was superb and the restaurants dished up very tasty food. If dusk is between 6 7 pm, the bat aerobatic display is an interesting entertainment during the wine cheese reception.There is a 350 year old tree in the courtyard - a roost for these bats birds.A most enjoyable experience.

comfortable, clean, excellent service Super service, good position just out of range of the crowds but close to several top sites. Excellent 'trattorias' close by. We paid extra for the balcony, well worth it and so relaxing after the tourist queues.Close by is the Medici Riccardi chapel, a must even on a short visit. The renovated halls in the Pitti Palace have some top master pieces. And for history enjoy a walk around Sta Croce church. Bacchus in the Bargello is more handsome than the well promoted David [and no queues]

Hard to fault I stayed in the Amister with a friend in April 2005. The hotel had only been open 6 months at this time so some taxi drivers didn't know where it was, but that should change. Although it's not central, for me the location in the Eixample district was fine: 10 minutes' walk from Sants station along Avenida de Roma, and two blocks from the nearest tube station. It's just two or three tube stops from the main tourist/dining areas of La Rambla/Placa de Catalunya/Passeig de Gracia/Diagonal etc.The hotel itself is very stylish and modern, with good facilities: sumptuous breakfast (but get in early if you want the hot stuff), air conditioned rooms, multi-channel flatscreen TV etc. Our room was a good size and had a large bathroom, and the decor was very 'cool'. Only complaint was that our room had a (locked) adjoining door with the next room (presumably for families) and there was some noise as a result.Overall I wouldn't hesitate to recommend the Amister. I don't know what prices are like as we were transferred there from another hotel which was overbooked.

Tucked away My wife and I were very satisfied with our stay. We arrived jet lagged and found the staff helpful and responsive. Breakfast had a nice spread of hot and cold foods. We had a French Tour group staying with us so the dinning area was packed. We did the European thing, asked if we could join someones table. (This is appalling to Americans) The Hotel is very safe inside as outside walking home at Midnight. We didn't bother with the Metro even though we had a stop close by. You can walk to most places of interst without fanfare. I use crutches by the way...... We did take a cab on suggestion of the Hotel to a Bus station and it was reasonable 5 Euro cross town. Within 8 city blocks we had a Tony Roma's, Hard Rock Cafe, Sub Way and Burger King. For some this can be handy since the Spanards eat late. Tony Roma's for example closes at 2 PM and opens back up at 8:30PM. We ate the local food which is excellent. I would stay in this Hotel again.

Excellent stay We had a excellent stay on our Boston vacation. The staff were always available when we had a question. Check in was fast despite a convention registering just before us. This hotel is not located in the city center. However we had no problem navigating with our car or on mass transportation. A good GPS. is a must for Boston. I realize from some of the reviews, we are more adventurous than most people. The view of the waterfront and Logan Airport across the harbor was relaxing. Our room was very quiet. We never heard anyone in the next room or hallway. My son loved the pool and the soft beds. We always felt safe venturing out at night walking to a restaurant. One night we found a Italian Restaurant that had great to go pizza. There is a Micro Brewery around a ten minute walk away. It's closed on Sunday and Mondays. We used the free WiFi in the lobby area. I didn't see the need to pay for it up in the room just to check email. The compliant we had was with having to Valet park our car. If you want fast food and shopping out the door this Hotel is not for you.

Very nice and Friendly hotel The hotel is located in a quiet neighborhood and has vey nice modern rooms and bath. Short walk to Batllo and Sagrada Familia. Short cab ride to Pl. Catalyuna. Very friendly hotel staff. Free Internet in lobby. Free safe in room. Did not have breakfast.I stayed in a single room 402 for 4 nights and paid Euro 80 + VAT per night. I would stay here again.

Hotel Nadia it's the place to stay A outside view of Nadia Hotel

Good Value, Good Location Stayed for four nights and could not complain about anything. The price is right, the location is great, and it is very laid back!Not a bad Mexican Restaurant between hotel and the beach, Hawaiian food is not the best unless you have a strange craving for Spam.

Location, Location. We stayed for two nights on our way to Antigua. The reception clerk was helpful. The room was OK. The breakfast was very ordinary. The best thing is the location , right in the heart of Old San Juan. I was last in San Juan in 1967 so I saw a big change.It is sad that you cannot get a beer in a glass, ( some places will not let you drink out of the bottle ) because of a local habit of smashing the glass in your face. On reflection I suppose the plastic cup was the way to go!

Loved this hotel! Hotel Fita is a great place to stay!

Good price/performance Comfortable, clean hotel with friendly employees. Good restaurant for your breakfast and dinner. Double rooms rather small but good for short stays. Five minutes by car to Universal Studios !!!!! Some rooms are rather noisy because it's located near the 110.

Nice views, but more business-like rather than resort-like View from the Ala Moana suite 20th floor

Will Never Stay at this Holiday Inn - Cheaters and Liars We didn't even get to stay here! ...And we never will. They are very insulting of my intelligence and regards for quality customer service. Trying to check in by parking in the portico was terrible to start. But the worst was when 3 different ways of booking the room came out to very different results. Let me first mention that I am aware that hotels have internet only rates. WIth that in mind, when booking the room on the internet, I was able to get a room for $107 with the Entertainment Card rate, AAA rate $134, standard rate $179. I didn't book the room in advance because I needed the room at noon for my family to check in, and I wanted to do it at noontime so that they could tell me if it were possible to check in right away. So, I called at noon and was told over the phone that the room type I wanted was not available anymore, but a lower room was available, but for the same price as the better room. For some reason, I didn't trust this person, so I drove over there since I was only a few blocks away. When I got there, the front desk person had a different story. He said the room type I wanted was available, at $179, but there were no discounts since the hotel was busy. No AAA rate, nor Entertainment, nor anything. He suggested I go back to the internet and book the rate I was getting and then come back. I told him that AAA and Entertainment are not Internet rates and I am almost always able to get at least a AAA discount at the front desk. He didn't care. He was cocky. I have never been turned away at the front desk before trying to book a room. Usually the hotels I go to will do anything to keep you there - find some sort of rate other than the rack rate! I couldn't believe it. It was insulting. I have never stayed there, and I don't know why I was making such an effort to stay there. I am a hotel junkie and like to try different hotels, especially in SF. Plus, this hoteI had a pool, which is rare in SF. I have stayed at the best and at 3 star hotels, but I know I will not try this hotel ever. For a comparable price, try the Miyako Hotel - excellent service, room decor, views and location. Also, the Comfort Inn on Lombard. My feeling is if I can get even one person who reads this to not stay at the Holiday Inn, I will feel satisfaction that they didn't really make any extra money by not booking the room to me at the discount price and by lying about availability and rates. Stay somewhere else.

Chic but overpriced I have stayed at many hotels in San Francisco, and the room we got at the W seemed the most cramped. The Chic, trendy theme and the window seat made it bearable. The decor and fixtures were great. We used our Starwood points to stay at the hotel to try it out. For the weekend we stayed, it was a busy weekend in SF, so the rate for our standard room would have been $389/night if we had paid for it. Unfortunately, it was not worth it. We enjoyed the service, views, location, and the XYZ restaurant, but we feel there are better hotels in the city for even better price. We asked for a corner room, but they claimed there were none available. Perhaps that corner room would have changed our view of the room since it would have been more spacious. In all fairness, most of the large hotels in SF have small rooms, of which the corner rooms change the entire mood of the stay. We liked the pool and hot tub. Small, but a treat since many hotels in SF don't have a pool at all. I liked the glass ceiling. The Bliss Spa (operated independently of the W, but inside the hotel on its 4th floor) seemed unnecessarily snooty. Overall nice stay, but due to small standard room size for the price, we won't be staying at this W again.

Excellent quiet location, but overpriced View from the Dolphin Lanai

Great service, Fabulous views Front of Hotel at Night

Too many problems at Occidental Punta Cana Through our vacation club, my wife and I as well as other family members can use this resort. In the last two years, we, our brother, and our daughter made separate trips. All had problems: no hot water, no water, backed up toilets, unusable room. All these things happen. THe real problem is the staff is unhelpful, if not rude. The resort otherwise OK and the beach is beautiful. But until they can offer decent facilities and a helpful staff, we can't recommend this resort.

Great hotel, i suggest it Great location., at city center on Rambla near catalunya square. Visit the city from this hotel is easy, Transport facilities like underground (6 lines) and bus stops are along Rambla near the hotel. Rooms are large and clean. Reception services are good, you can leave your luggage in hotel after check-out without problems (your bags will be stored in a closed room and identified by a personal number). The restaurant is lightly expensive but nearly there are several kind of restaurants (Tapas bar, pizzeria, ecc.). Great hotel,I'll return.

If you have young children, read this With the deal we got on Expedia, we couldn't resist taking a chance on the Copamarina resort. It seemed to good to be true that we could get such a deal, so I called the hotel to ensure that the resort wasn't under construction or had a recent outbreak of something or other. The friendly and patient person I spoke with at the 1-800 number for the hotel kindly answered all my questions, so we made the leap. And I'm glad we did! My wife and I have two young girls under the age of 5 so we wanted a relatively quick flight and a resort that we could entertain the kids in. Copamarina fit the bill and provided us with a very relaxing experience. We arranged for transportation from the airport through the hotel. We met the courteous driver, John, just outside the luggage pickup when we arrived at 10PM. He loaded us up into the comfortable minivan that already included 2 car seats installed for the kids, put on some soothing music and then drove us the two hours across the island to the resort. The rooms were comfortable and certainly adequate. The room was not spectacular in terms of furnishings or amenities, but it was clean and roomy enough for the four of us. The best part is that our room, like almost all rooms on the ground floor, had a porch that was about 50 yards from the beach and 50 feet from the kiddie pool. It was a great feature that allowed us to relax and enjoy the tropical paradise we came for. One of the only limitations of the resort was the food. Enjoy the buffet breakfast because the lunch selection is somewhat limited, especially for kids. Dinner at the main restaurant is excellent, but not for kids. The only option is to feed them before 6PM when the only other restaurant closes. And going to the nearby town didn't really seem like an option without a car. By squirreling away food from breakfast we did just fine. For the over prepared parent though, I can see how this might have a negative impact on the vacation. The resort itself was spacious, but not huge. With four pools and the beach, there was always plenty to do with the kids, as long as that is enough for you. We are usually very go-go people, but we wanted to just relax with the kids so this worked out perfect for us. There are other things to do like snorkeling, diving, kayaking, gym, spa, etc. so without kids any guest should be fine. We spent four days here and I'd say that it was just right. Any more time and I might have started to get antsy. We did employ the babysitting services for a grand total of 4 hours over two nights just so we could eat dinner at the restaurant. One of the hotel employees, Wanda, was our sitter and the kids loved her. Our kids are pretty good with sitters, but I was amazed at how they took to her. Even at $15 an hour, this was a true bargain! A few other quick items, do take the boat to Gilligans Island, or if it is closed go to the alternative deserted beach they suggest. It was a neat feeling to be all alone on a truly secluded beach where the snorkeling was easy and amazing. Do go to the town that is the jumping off point for Phosphoresent Bay, but DO NOT take the big boat. It is crowded, loud and generally not much fun. I've heard that there are smaller boats that will take you, but I didn't see where you can get them. Find a way to get the small boat, or skip the 1 hour trip entirely. Do eat at one of the fine reataurants in town suggested by the hotel - the chef and food are phenomenal! In summary, this was a great vacation and I would highly recommend Copamarina to anyone who is looking for a good, relaxing Carribean vacation.

Nice but Older This hotel is located in the heart of Phoenix and is just a stones throw from the Phoenix Airport, even though you are that close you do not hear that planes at all. The property is a good value but is dated somewhat, and the room we stayed in had a musky smoke oder to it, as though the room had been a smoking room at some point in the past. The free breakfast was alright, but if there is a long line, I would skip it. The staff was very helpful, and even let me check in before 12 noon, and gave me a choice of rooms on the property. If you are not into kids stay away from the rooms that are near the pool as it gets loud. There are several restaurants located close by just north on 44th St. (Moes, IHop, Grill Next Door (burger joint), Slotsky's Deli, etc)

Good value First hotel we stayed at in Tokyo (note: after living in Kanazawa for 6 weeks). The subway station is easily accessible, but doesn't have escalators near the exits close to the hotel- which made dragging all our luggage around a bit of a chore at some points. The hotel is easy to find once you've found it before but when you're heading there for the first time- definitely have the directions handy. It's a walk from the station, but not bad. People in the area are very likely to be helpful if you approach them, or are likely to approach you and ask if you need help if you look lost enough (as was the case with us). As you'll see when you get there, the area is a big business area, although there's a cafe or two and a few convenience stores close to the hotel. The staff speaks english well, and the room, while small, was big enough (we had 3 people, 2 double beds). Internet access was free and worked. We also had a small refrigerator and hot water pot.Overall, the experience lived up the apparent reputation of a decent place for the money- decent location and a pretty good rate.

Great location, decent rate, watch out if you have feather bedding allergies This was the last out of the 3 hotels, 1 hostel, 1 onsen ryokan, and 1 college dorm that I stayed in during my 7.5 weeks in Japan. We stayed at Ochanomizu for three days.We had previously had some frustrating experiences dragging all of our stuff around while trying to find other hotels, so we determined that it might be best to just take a taxi to the hotel from the station instead of attempting to find it on our own... well it turns out it's just a little down the street from the station, so it was a very very short taxi ride. I'd recommend trying to find it on foot first unless you have a very significant amount of luggage (although a word of warning: the closest subway exit is a fairly lengthy flight of stairs, and there is no escalator. On a less related note, at the top of those stairs there's a Tully's Coffee, and their Honey Milk Latte is delicious). The lobby of the hotel is nice, and there are a few staff members who speak at least a little English. We arrived before check in time, and there were no problems with leaving our bags there so we could go out for a while (they tagged them and took them to a room behind the counter). Overall, it's actually a really convenient location. There's a 7-11 directly across the street, and te subway station is very much in the middle of things, and is connected by tunnel to a different station, so you can get to a few different lines pretty easily. I don't think we explored the area around the hotel all too much, but there are a few different restaurants and convenience stores.I forget which side of the building we were on, but either way I wouldn't expect a great view of anything from the window (we could see the 7-11 quite well). Our room was a double, for 2 people, and was small but reasonable. Somewhat surprisingly, there wasn't a way to get internet access in the room. There was a small LCD TV mounted on the wall, and a desk. The bathroom was rather small but clean. The bed was pretty big and comfortable but-for those affected by allergies: the pillows and comforter are feathers! I'm allergic to down, so we tried to explain this to the staff (the person who knew more english wasn't there at the time so I used japanese) but it turns out those are the only pillows they have. They did however offer to give us non-feather blankets, which were brought to the room shortly after, so we did what we could and used those as a pillow. If you're really allergic to feather bedding, it'd probably be a good idea to mention this to them prior to arrival, maybe if it happens often enough they can pick up a few synthetic fiber ones. (Note: I didn't have a problem with feather bedding anywhere else I stayed while in Japan). One of my favorite things about this hotel: there's a green tea dispenser in the hallway! It also dispenses hot water, but having a constant supply of (really quite) hot green tea (from real leaves too) is pretty nice (although there was still the usual hot water pot in the room anyway I believe). Seemed quite appropriate for a hotel named 'ochanomizu', tea water.Overall, considering the location the rate was fairly reasonable. Because of this, we'll probably stay there again. Except next I'll probably have to go pillow shopping first...

One of the best hotels I've ever stayed at. From the second that my family and I pulled up to the hotel until we left, we were treated as if we owned the place. The whole hotel is non-smoking...huge plus in my book. From the doorman to the desk staff, everyone was concerned that our stay was the best experience that it could be. The hotel was very well decorated (fair share of marble included), sparkling clean, smelled great...there is not anything about this hotel that was negative. I know that there may be more plush hotels...but I include the level of service from the staff when reviewing a hotel. I would compare this hotels service with any of the hotels I've stayed at in Hong Kong or Tokyo. I look forward to the oportunity to stay here again.

Visited many of the top hotels in Tokyo I won't repeat what others have wrote so here's some new information: I visited (didnt stay) the 4 seasons maronouchi, mandarin oriental, park hyatt (stayed 1 night) and here's the deal: You cant beat the grand hyatt. I am not sure if the rooms are better at the other hotels since I didnt see them but the location and lobby of the hyatt can't be beat. It's so spacious and the MO and 4S seemed very small. It's as if the only thing on the ground floor is the front desk. The GH has many places to eat and is attached to the mall which means there are at least 30 different places to eat, amazing. I highly recommend the high end japanese restaurant on the 4th (or 6th) floor of the hotel connecting the mall (Shinbou may be the name). I had lobster sashimi which is nearly impossible to find in the US. The tail was filled with meat and was separated from the body but the lobster kept moving it's eyes and legs while on ice. Also had fugu (the real deal costs at least $200, mine US$300 for one person at kuromonto near this hotel (5 min taxi). This restaurant serves fugu 5-7 different ways so it's a good way to try different preparations (and yes, one is sashimi). It was very good but not excellent but it's the fish not the restaurant's issue. Cool front entrance, somewhat nice interior. The park hyatt has much fewer restaurants but an amazing bar that is worth visiting for a drink due to the view from the 41st floor with glass walls on 3 sides.

Excellent hotel in great location MY TRAVEL STYLE: I hate business hotels and strongly prefer resorts that resemble the Four Seasons, Aman, and Oberoi but try to find similar properties at lower cost. I seek out the and I encourage you to view hotels I have stayed at and their respective reviews (by clicking on my name).LOCATION: Perfect! 20 minutes walking distance from Forbidden City and Tiananmen Square. 5 minutes walking to a very high end mall. Restaurants surround the hotel. TYPE OF ROOM: Fashion SuiteBED/SHEETS/PILLOW: Bed is on the hard side with good quality linens that were brand new and should hopefully get softer with use. Pillows are medium thickness and fine.LIGHTING: Tons of lighting in both bedroom and bathroom. like that the light switch lights (so you can see where they are at night) light up too brightly when trying to sleep.BATHROOM/SHOWER: Incredible in the suite. Round tub is excellent and the shower has medium shower pressure with the hot water never running out. Towels are of excellent quality.TOILETRIES: Good, nothing too special, but fine.CLEANLINESS: The entire room and hotel is very cleanA/C: A/C and heat works quietly and quickly would get the room warm or cool.CLOSET SPACE: Walk in closet is one of the most impressive seen in any hotel. Huge!STYLE OF ROOM: Contemporary and beautiful. change much here. The room has floor to ceiling windows and runs for wall to wall, impressive!QUIET/MORNING LIGHT: The room was very quiet with the exception of music that would play during the daytime from across the street. Almost sounded like being next to a nightclub but not as loud. If you require complete silence, you may have better luck asking for a room away from the street that is in front of the hotel. Curtains would block out all morning sun light.FOOD: We only had room service which was mediocre (pizza soup). Would suggest ordering from kitchen one block away with free delivery.TV/INTERNET: TV is flat screen and of good size for the room. About 3-5 channels in English including a few movie channels. Internet is very fast and included at no charge (via wire only). There is a computer in our room if you have laptop with you. SERVICE: Staff are very helpful with good enough English to answer any of your travel questions. We were very disappointed with the housekeeping that replace towels, clean very well, and replace toiletries often enough.COMMON AREA: Exterior of building is not so nice but the lobby is good with a semi-hip feel to the environment. There is a bar in the lobby and places to hang out but I would rather spend my time in the beautiful fashion suite or some of the nicer bars in Beijing with better atmosphere. No pool. The gym equipment looked new, but the location is strange since it is out in the open in the dark basement below (but the gym is lighted well). ROOM CITY TIPS: There is a travel agent in the basement that can provide tours and airline/train tickets. Definitely splurge for the fashion suite as it is a very worthwhile upgrade. If you have breakfast included, kitchen is a 3 minute walk away and has western style breakfast (they deliver at n/c too). Also, there is a starbucks at the oriental plaza mall (basement of the mall on the right side once you cross the main pedestrian path). Booking through a source other than the hotel provided us with half price rooms.

Fantastic Roof Top Terrace Bar

Good Midtown Value We stayed at the Courtyard for the weekend and were pleased with our room. While it was a bit on the small side the bed comfort was outstanding, the location very good and the price very reasonable by NYC standards. I would recommend to anyone looking to focus on the theater district and looking for a mid-town address.

Not bad at all. I traded in some of Marriott points and took a few days (4/2-4/6). I read all the reviews about the place and, did have my doubts. Here's what I found. First off, I am a business traveler. I travel about 1-3 times per month, usually in the U.S. Most times, I stay in a Marriott or similar. The place is not bad at all. The rooms were very clean, spacious, The staff was friendly, and attentive. The casino was fun. It is not huge like a Vegas or Atlantic City, but it was great. The area is a little run down. I felt safe but, like anywhere you have to be on your toes. Keep smart. Don't make yourself a target. Here are a few good things: Great beach / Restaurants were good. Dont waste your time in the Italian place. It was not worth it. / Walgreens nearby was a plus / Starbucks was also a plus / A few bad things:Cabs...They all seem to charge $10 - $15 for everything. I thought, I kind of got ripped off for that.Parking...$15 daily for a guest??? Standard for all hotels in the area.As for the price of $350 per night..What do you want, your in the tropics.Go, have a great time....

traffic mayhem view of square from jolly carlton

Good Hotel; Great Location We were very happy with our four night stay at Alicia. The location on Plaza Santa Ana couldn't be better. One can walk to most of the big attractions and there are plenty of good bars, shops and restaurants close by. Our first floor standard room was comfortable, although we did little more than sleep there. The staff was very helpful. My wife loved the free breakfast, but I would have liked a better cereal choice and less cigarette smoke.

Nice rooms bad service This hotel is nice but service terrible:-The housekeepers use the same elevator as guests and the push every floor as kids to get down so elevator are to their service no to guests, it takes you more than 5-10 minutes waiting for elevators.-I had to check out and check in for an award stay, and Aida Venegas at the front desk keep chating on the phone with her friend for 10 minutes by clock, then she ask for the imprint of certificate, is the only hotel has done that, I want to get it and told her that she wanted this only to be able to keep chating with friends, when came back the manager was mad due to my coment to that employee His name Franz Fernandez. They do not understand that they are in the service industry.-I asked for the internet access code so I wont be incomunicated, they said for some reason did not have it, had to wait againg another 10 minutes for Franz.-The toilet was leaking water 3 days already and they have not fixed.-The AC control box is out of battery has not being changed

underwhelmed by the W we stayed there for 3 nights in july. put me in the over priced/trendy camp.the service was hit and miss. the check in was incredibly slow. however, we did find the staff to be friendly and helpful.yes, the bed and plasma tv are great, but everything else about the room was average.$30 a night for valet parking was a bit of a shock. all in all, i you pay more than $150/night to stay in this hotel, you're not getting your money's worth.

Definitely HK's BEST! I stayed in Intercontinental Hong Kong for 2 nights and it was so fantastic! Perfect location for shopping, walking down to the shopping centers and all the boutiques there. just right next to the harbor. If you'd love to enjoy cruises passing by just outside your window, you might wanna book a harbor view room, which is so good! the view is so fantastic especially when it comes at night. you won't forget the view that the room has! well, staff is ok, nothing special, maybe it's because they are having great numbers of travelers staying in. but i found the staff is quite ok. rooms are big enough. oh, u should not forget the whirlpool here. try it at night! fantastic view at night. outdoor whirlpool. u might also wanna try the dinner at the cafe. pretty pricey but worth it though for the view. well, the hotel is pretty pricey but it has the best that HK can offer.

Dear god! HIGH CARB BUFFETS!!!!! This was a great hotel. Staff are helpful as long as you're not a complete snob (ie; from Victoria, want to be pamperred like you're at a W hotel, etc). Rooms were clean, well decoraded, and the mini-fridge was great to have. Buffet was good even though it, um, was not, Atkins Friendly (I'm a nutritionist, don't get me started on that diet ;) Housekeeping staff were friendly and attentive, and best of all, it's close to Qwest and Safeco Stadium. You'd be a fool to take a Cab from this hotel to the stadiums, simply jump on a Pierce Transit bus. Unless you're easily spooked by, *gasp* the homeless and racial minorities, it's a great way to actually see SEA and to get from place to place. Have fun!

what is everyone complaining about? I am a former Starwood Junkie, recently converted to the ICHotels brand. As a Priority Club Platinum, I must say this was MY BEST Holiday Inn experience yet. The location is GREAT, but short of AMAZING, however. It's on the corner of Van Ness and California. It's quite a bit away from Union Square, but the Cali Cable car will get there, as will the 109 south to market with a transfer on the muni rail. That being said, there's plenty to do in the vicinity; there are lots of good sit down/take out places, and a BEVMO which is two blocks south. Google BevMo and you'll see why a boozing-enthusiast like me was so happy to see how close BevMo was to this property.My traveling companion and I took the BART/MUNI from SFO to get here. We arrived in under an hour and spent $6 each. We walked into the lobby and we were promptly helped. There was no priority lineup, but a airline crew lineup. Having airline crew stay at a hotel is definitely a GOOD sign. The clerk recognized my status and offered us both some bottled water. We were placed on to the top floor. Check in was swift and without incident.Our room was great with regular Holiday Inn amenities; tv, chair, fridge (8 beer capacity), comfortable bed. The room was clean but while we were in the room, we got crazy allergies; something we thought was a bit weird for SFO in the summer. We spent the last two nights in SFO at the Westin Union Square without any allergies in their room, and we guess it was because the air filter on the heater/ac had not been cleaned. Otherwise, we couldn't complain with the room. It was nicely decorated (about mid-90s look), and no issues with cleaners. Our room was cleaned every time we returned to our room from a day of touristing-around. Service at this property was impeccable and the front-liners at this property deserve the finest in recognition. For example, one night, we got a bottle of wine but didn't have any glasses or an opener. On our way out of the room for the evening, we passed a room service guy and asked him if he could get some glasses and an opener up. He said he would do that, and the fact that we were out of our room was not an issue. We returned to the room a few hours later and were delighted to see two wine glasses, an opener placed very elegantly onto a tray AND the guy put the wine we had on some ice. Amazing, I wish I left a tip and I further wish we got the guy's name. The pool was great but kind of weird to have in SFO; it's cold every day there. The warmest it gets there is 20c. But nonetheless, it was nice to dip into for a change. A hot tub would have been nicer, in my opinion.The lobby was busy all the time, especially with airline crew from Qantas, along with the Germans and Dutch. The gift shop lady (who also sells those weekly muni passes) gave us a really bad vibe. We never checked out the bar nor restaurant because there are so many other non-touristy places within the vicinity. Everyone (except gift shop lady) and everything at this property was great and left a positive impression of what a Holiday Inn can be. I will return and I insist that you book this property. You will not be disappointed, unless you're a snob and you want the W without paying the $250 internet prepaid rates.tips:-for a fun and cheap night of boozing; head out to the tenderloin, it's not THAT bad, and the characters you will meet FAR outweigh the grubbiness. just don't look like a bloody tourist complete with shorts, camera around neck, and lonely planet guide-there is a whole foods, located one block WEST down california and van ness; it's kinda hidden-any pizza place on van ness is good, there's a place on california a few blocks EAST that's good as well-breakfast at grubsteaks or the polk st diner is a sure bet-bev mo = amazing. if you thought you got a deal at duty-free, haha, well... go to bevmo. for example, canadian beer here is about half the price of canadian beer in canada. -get all your snacks at bevmo, NOT the rip off convenience stores on van ness that are near the hotel. -save on ATM fees; buy a piece of fruit and get $200 cash back from walgreens for no fee-the cleaners (forget the name) three blocks EAST down california is awesome. have them do your laundry; wash and fold for my entire wardrobe was something like $10 and it was done within 24 hours.

Very good hotel in convenient location I spent three days in Sidney and I stayed at the Holiday INN Darling Harbour (I was on holiday with my wife). The booking was made well in advance from the Holiday-INN internet web site. This allowed to obtain a great price for what you get (booking however is not refundable). Cost of the room was roughly 100 euro per day (excluding breakfast which is priced around 15 euro).Our room was at the sixth floor and it was silent. It was spacious, clean and with all the things you would expect staying at the Holiday INN.The position of the hotel is close to Darling Harbour and China Town. With a ten minute walk you arrive at Sidney Central Station (we went there to get the trains for the Blue Mountains), in a few minutes you can reach on foot George Street and get the buses that reach Circular Quay (Opera House). So I would say that the position is very convenient (I imagine that the hotels close to the Opera House are much more expansive).The monorail passes adjacent to the hotel but for us it was almost of no use and on the other hand the noise of the monorail was un-noticeable (staying at 6th floor).Reception could be a little bit crowded early in the morning but the staff was helpful and we did not experience any problem whatsoever. I would definitely recommend the hotel and I would return there.

OK but can be noisy on weekends Between the price I paid for the room and the Hilton name I was expecting an outstanding property. It was nice but not anything special.The good:- Large room, with separate sitting area- Good housekeeping- Proximity to hiking trails.The bad:- Room was a bit shabby (scuffed furniture), had no view, and overlooked the parking lot- Not much close by. You really need a car, although there's a Safeway and some shops about a mile north.- 5 pools, none of which are big enough to do laps in- Exercise room (for which a resort fee is charged) is underwhelming, with a limited selection of equipment- Party destination, not a luxury resort, on weekends. I stayed there Thu-Fri-Sat. Thursday night was fine. Friday night the people next door dumped a whole bag of beer bottles off their balcony. Saturday night, the same room was occupied by a different group who were up doing shots and talking and laughing on the balcony. I called the front desk at 1:15 and 2:15 and it took 45 minutes each time before things quietened down. On checkout, front desk staff were relatively unsympathetic (and the ass't front desk manager was borderline rude), saying, we have no control over who stays in our hotel rooms. True, but you do have control over how you respond to complaints, especially if your guests are paying over $125 night for your rooms.Overall, it's OK. I guess I was expecting this beautiful luxury resort and it's kind of just an ordinary hotel with a few more swimming pools.

Great location, very nice hotel This new hotel is a 5 minute walk from the S-bahn line. Front desk staff were very friendly, spoke excellent English and responded to my request for an extra blanket very pleasantly. Rooms are a good size by European standards and very nicely appointed with windows that open. The free bottle of water in the fridge was a nice touch. Bathroom was large and, apart from the strange shower door, was nice, although the bathroom door didn't close as easily as it should have. Exercise room was a good size although there wasn't really much in the way of weight equipment. The sauna is excellent - very hot and a nice size. My only complaint is that we couldn't check in early and for security reasons they won't store luggage so we had to take the S-bahn to Alexanderplatz Bahnhof and store our luggage there for the day. Don't go to the Hauptbahnhof as the front desk recommends - it's farther away and costs a Euro more for the lockers.

The best swimming pool in town! This was my first time in Bali and I booked this hotel through agoda.com; it said that the hotel was on the beach, close to all the action had very helpful staff; all of the above was true. I was greeted on arrival with a welcome drink and the porter took our bags to the room. The room which was on the ground floor was ample in size with a fair patio area; even though its view was a wall, it could have done with a washing line of some sort just to dry out the towels at the end of the day. The bathroom was really nice with a powerful shower and all the mod-cons.The best bit about this hotel was the swimming pool and the best thing about Bali is the sunset so when you put these two together you really were in paradise - the pool is on the 4th floor of the hotel and is an infinity pool so it looks like its pouring into the sea and goes on forever. When I was there the pool area was always clean, fully staffed and quiet e.g. no pumping music and no screaming children. The food had a lot to be desiered however there are many bars and restaurants just outside the hotel where beer is as cheap as 50p a bottle!I paid 11pounds a night for this hotel, for me it was an absolute bargain and a pleaasure to stay in this hotel.

Stunning New Hotel Pukka room service

Five Star View We stayed at the Park Hyatt for 5 nights in March 2006 and here is what we observed:-There may be a nick or two in the furniture and it could use some exterior touch-up paint but make no mistake about it-this is truly a 5 star property.-The main reason you would stay here is the excellent location and the stunning knock-your-socks-off view of the harbour and Opera House. For this they get big bucks. But if you're not going to have a room with a view you would be better off staying somewhere else.-We stayed in balcony room 334 (top floor-level #4)and had a full straight-on view of the Opera House and a slightly-angled view of the downtown area. Most of the rooms to the left of room 333 (i.e. #332 down to about #300) have great city views but only a lateral view of the Opera House (everything over the hotel lobby is in this category) so if you want to sit on the balcony and take in the Opera House and the harbour views while having cocktails or pre-dinner snacks as we did every night you would have to lean over the railing and look sideways to see the Opera House. Rooms to the right of #335 down to around #354 have full Opera House views and partial bridge views but no city views. Rooms to the right of about #354 have only partial or no Opera House view. Rooms at the other end of the S-shaped hallway toward the bridge have Opera House views as well as bridge views. Then there are some rooms with just water views but without the Opera House or bridge or city. The rooms on floors 2 and 3 presumably would have the same setup but I didn't see them. The best thing to do is call the hotel directly on one of the dial around numbers like 1010987 and you can confirm for yourself the exact view of the rooms-it only costs about $2USD to talk for about 10 minutes. Don't waste your time calling the Hyatt toll-free central reservation number--they haven't the foggiest idea of the layout of the rooms or which way they face. The hotel's direct number from the US is 011-61-2-9256-1101.-Speaking of balconies, every third room facing the water has only a small semicircular balcony with no chairs or tables so if you plan on using the balcony on a regular basis you should consider the rooms with the larger balconies with furniture. Also, the top floor (level #4)balconies have a pergola-type overhang which lets rain and other things falling from the sky onto the balcony. If it's raining you couldn't use it and if it rains at night the chair cushions will be wet the next day. However, the balconies on the first and second floors (levels 2 and 3) have a fully-covered overhang from the balcony above.-The balcony rooms also have double sliding and locking glass doors which removes 100% of the noise of the harbour.-We arrived by cruise ship which docked at the overseas passenger terminal only a 3 minute walk away. I walked over to the hotel and got the bellman to come over in the hotel car to pick up our luggage and take it back to the hotel.-The hotel has a convenient location for many Sydney sights-10 minutes to the BridgeClimb office -5 minutes to the weekend market at The Rocks -20 minutes to the Opera House -10 minutes to Circular Quay -10 minutes to the Hero of Waterloo pubThe congierge staff is first class-they can arrange the BridgeClimb or set up private tours to Hunter Valley or the Blue Mountains using their recommended guides and drivers. They will also make a heavy-duty electrical converter/adapter available for your appliances.-The only negative we found was the exorbitant price of breakfast. Easily to overcome-there are several sidewalk cafes in the Rocks and along Circular Quay that are a 5-10 minute walk away. Additionally, there are several lunch and dinner restaurants right outside the harbourside hotel entrance.-When going to the airport the hotel can set you up with their limo for $90 or you can just have them get a street taxi for about $40.-When checking in I asked for and received a further 10% senior citizens discount off the room rate. At these prices that paid for our wine tour to Hunter Valley.-In summary, this is all about location and 5 star views. I thought it was worth it. You'll remember the view the rest of your life.

Much better than anticipated. Some reviews here were not that good so we were a little apprehensive staying here for four days. But it was a good deal and seemed in a good location. As it turns out, it was great. It was close to a metro, the room was nice, it was quiet, the staff was friendly and helpful. All in all, a good experience.

Not that bad after all... After reading some shocking reviews of this Hotel I was quite concerned. However, after spending a night there with my family I was quite please with the Hotel.We were after a very early check in on a Saturday morning and the staff did all they could to get our rooms ready. We finally got into out rooms about 12:30.Rooms were spacious and clean but I agree that the view from the window was non existent (not that it mattered to us). The shower was a little low on pressue but the bathroom was clean. We had two double beds (one extremely soft and one quite nice and firm) plus enough room for a cot that was supplied at no extra charge.Location is great. Walking distance to both Darling Harbour and Circular Quay/Rocks plus quite close the main shopping area.

Biltmore has the Wright stuff! Attended an event in Phoenix that took place at Biltmore. I was initially apprehensive booking at this Hilton-Waldorf Astoria Collection Hotel. I usually prefer the Four Seaons option in Scottsdale. But I was pleasantly surprised!Checkin was personalized, efficient. Our room comfortable and spacious. Large screen HDTV was a surprise. Extra large closets were not expected. Our valley wing room 3425 was a value for the money- large balcony, spacious bath and amenities. The on site shops were friendly and well priced. The casual restaurant was fine- not exceptional dining, but great breakfast and lunch choices. The lobby bar was stylish and the place to be at night- although the lobby temp is frigid!!! This is a standard observation of all who have visited! Bellmen and car valets are top notch as are the spa attendants. The spa is top notch although the locker rooms/ communal areas could use some updating.We actually booked a return visit later this year!

New Oleans Charm Just returned from a wonderful New year's visit to New orleans and the Windsor Court Hotel. Hotel was charming! Very accessible to french quarter and streetcar lines to the Garden District. Staff was gracious and appreciative of all patronizing the hotel. Rooms were quite spacious and comfortable. Our group booked junior suite and a one bedroom suite and were very pleased. The hotel has recently upgraded floors on Club levels that are more up to date. The rooms we had (911, 915, 917, 918) were all clean, luxurious, comfortable although were a bit dated. Huge marble bathrooms. Spacious dressing areas and small kitchenettes.The restaurants were great and staff quite accomodating. Special rates made this an amazing buy for this 5 star property.

Exceptional We stayed here for the first 8 days of our honeymoon.It was quite simply gorgeous.Great location, right accross the street from waikiki beach.The staff were superb, and the room was extremely spacious with superb view.

Great Stay at the Omni We had a great stay at the Omni San Francisco over the Memorial Day holiday. Although there was no view, our room was well appointed and clean. Staff was friendly and service was above average. Service technician replaced our television set becuase it was not working. Location, in the financial district, was good even though rather dead on Sunday and Memorial Day. Close to the Embarcadero and ferry building where restraunts were open on Sunday afternoon. We would stay here again on another trip to San Francisco.

Amazing Dreams experience! WHAT A VACATION!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Part of the pool

It is very difficult to recommend this hotel UNLESS......................... you enjoy an excellent assortment of food, well appointed rooms, beautiful beaches, clean and attractive grounds, a well maintained pool area, and finally, friendly and helpful staff (everyone from the front desk to the cleaning ladies to the servers). Yes, there were a couple of minor glitches e.g. the phone didn't work in the room (it was fixed) and one day the maid forgot to place towels in the room. Having said that, I have stayed at a number of 45 star hotels (depending on who rates them) and rest assured there are always glitches.As far as the pool area goes, I will reiterate what others have said be prepared to get up early if you want to reserve a spot with shade. The unfortunate part of this is that a number of ignorant people will get up reserve these spots and only use them for an hour or less during the day. The security staff try to do their best but it is amazing how ignorant some people can be.If you have a problem going to another country and expecting everyone to speak perfect English and you are unwilling to use a little patience to try and communicate... DON'T GO as you will only be dissappointed. I saw a couple of people ranting and raving over very minor issues e.g. one man was asked to put a t-shirt on to go into a restaurant for breakfast and he became very belligerent, I don't believe this was an unreasonable request especially since there are notices everywhere about proper dress codes. The other was a person who expected to be able to use the facilities after checking out. It is not the hotels fault that the person and/or the travel agency did not make arrangements for a late checkout. Pretty much any hotel you stay at will not let you use their facility once you check out which is between 11:00am noon at most hotels.All of the Ambar rooms are within a 5 minute walk to either the main lobby or pool/beach areas. It is roughly 10-15 minutes to the rest of the Bahia property. There are trams operating on a regular basis throughout the entire Bahia property.I will not individually rate the restaurants as everyones tastes are different you will just have to try them. I can be a picky eater and enjoyed all of my meals. Overall a great vacation spot and would highly recommend it to others.

Welcome to paradise Just back from two weeks at the best all inclusive holiday hotel weve been to.This was our 4th visit to the Dominican Republic and the Excellence far surpassed any other.All inclusive it definitely was.Seven themed restaurants with no need to book at any of them.We stayed in room 6102 which had a fantastic sea pool view.( The pool closes at 6pm so noise is not a problem.)It was very close to the Grill restaurant which became our favourite. Fillet mignon Sirloin steak.The Lobster house was an eye opener with the size of the Lobster.The Staff throughout the whole complex couldnt do enough for you.( A dollar tip is greatfully received) less than 50p.We booked through a company called Blue Bay travel which saved us pounds as compared with Thomsons etc.Even though we flew with ( everything extra)Thomsons. The only downside if it is a downside was that the sea is not suitable to swim in even though the beach was beautiful.In conclusion if you are looking for an adult only resort this has got to be the winner.

Great, but not outstanding This is a prefect hotel for a trip to NY. Great location, good rooms, good staff, good value for money and all in all a very good 4 star choice.Only things that stop this being a 5 star rating, conceige who have a scam going with some private hire car firms who ripped us off and being placed in smoking room even when I tripled checked that it was a non smoking room.Otherwise would easily recommend this tip top 4 star NY hotel.

Prefect city Break Hotel City breaks are all about location, and look no further than this cracking hotel.Located in the heart of the city - easy 50metre walk to Placa da Catalunya Metro station (direct trains to airport) and easy 2 mins walk from La Ramblas, main shops, and loads of restuarants and bars including Hard Rock Cafe (if thats your thing!).We just found the htel the ideal base to get around the city.Inside staff are warm and friendly, the atmosphere is relaxed, but being a new hotel all the rooms are well finished to a high standard e.g. flat screen TVs, huge showers and 1st class bathrooms. Breakfast was excellent (included in price)The only thing that stops this hotel getting 5 stars is the room size, which I felt was a little on the small size, but being a 6ft 4 chap - you may not have the same problems!All in all, the hotel made Barcelona a delight to visit

Top Business Hotel I stayed in this hotel for one night for business.I was upgraded to a junior suite without request and the room was fabulous (jacuzzi bath in the bedroom!) the hotel is finished to a very high standard and the breakfast was fantastic!The best hotel I have stayed in for a business trip ever! This place is worth every penny!

Spot On This hotel is spot on!Value for money is very high, we booked over the internet on a rate of The rooms are very nice, and of high spec and finish. Similar spec to a 'Malmasion' hotel if you have stayed there.Should probably be a 4 star hotel. Very, very impressed.

Simply Perfect Everything about this hotel is perfect. The rooms, staff, room service, and location couldn't be faulted. This is an intimate hotel in a quiet part of Venice. St Mark's Square is just a few minutes away by Water Bus. There are only two reasons not to stay at Ca Maria Adele that I can think of: (1) It is expensive, (2) You like large impersonal hotels. Venice is a phenomenally expensive city but of all of our expenses the hotel was by far the best value for money. We stayed in the Fireside room for the first night and loved the lapping of the water just inches below our windows. It was light and airy with a fabulous walk-in shower. For the next two nights we stayed in the Doge's room. Opulent, luscious, deep red walls with a fabulous light and bright en-suite with two massive windows onto the street outside. When we arrived we were given two gigantic glasses of Prosecco and some Venetian biscuits while our room was prepared and the lighting adjusted just so for maximum impact. The hotel was an oasis of calm after hours of walking through the crowded streets of Venice.Of all our meals out the best by far was at the Linea D'Ombra restaurant, which the hotel recommends. We had a drink on the terrace overlooking the canal and then retired inside to the contemporary dining room for the meal. The staff were attentive, friendly, and knowledgeable. The food was very good and I would give it 8/10. It is however impossible to judge the restaurant on value for money because every meal and drink we had was exorbitantly priced. It was at least twice as much as we would normally pay for a meal of that quality for 2 with a single glass of wine each).Surprisingly one of the best cafe drinks we had was in St Mark's Square. for a hot chocolate for 1! But the second best hot chocolate I have ever had and it was worth it to watch the snakes of tourists get entangled as they tried to negotiate their way between tourist attractions.

Comfortable and well located Previously in Amsterdam we have stayed close in near Central Station but this time went a little further out on good advice. This hotel isa straight line 10 minute stroll along an attractive canalside to Rembrandt Square - and from there 5 more minutes to city centre. The hotel staff are welcoming and helpful: our room was clean and fresh with a modern (if small) bathroom: the breakfast of egg, cheese, meats and lovely bread selection was excellent. It sits in a quiet street off a main artery.We took the Airport Connexxions bus to and from hotel - from airport it was a slow process as more people wanted the service than they hadthe capacity to provide; but return was on time and only 20 minutes to airport. If you have luggage this is the way to go - but if you can manage it, you are much better taking the train in from the airport to Central Station and then either the 4 or 25 tram to Freidrichsplein. The tram stops are just 50 metres from the hotel's street.If you want to avoid the noisy and overpriced centre for dinner, there are two local restaurants we would be happy to recommend to anyone. Thney are located about 200 metres along the main street (to the left) and sit close by each other. One is an Italian (live piano playing and owner occasionally sings!!) called La Storia Della Vita. The other a traditional Dutch called Van Aanderen which would be a wonderful choice for a special occasion dinner, a bit pricey but worth every cent for both food and extraordinary service and ambience. Reservations at both are recommended.Also close to the hotel (opposite the 25 tram stop) is a lovely cafe called Cafe Kale - like a tradional brown cafe which serves the most wonderful Apple Cake with coffee (and a full range of other snacks/meals and drinks). The young staff are as delightful as the fare they serve. My wife left a ring in the toilet and when we returned an hour later, they had it behind the bar for her.We were reminded this trip just how lovely Amsterdam can be when one avoids the crowds in the centre.

Good location, not so good room. It is located in a very good place, but not very secure neighborhood at night. The hotel is ok, but very old and not very clean. The room had much dust, e alergic tavelers may hav problems...The staf was very polite and helpful.

Best hotel deal in Mid-town Manhattan View toward Times Sq. from our 17th floor room at the Belvedere.

Like the earlier man said -- you get what you pay for. I have no idea how this hotel got rated so highly but, to tell the truth, the entire experience has caused me to doubt the ratings process of tripadvisor.com. For the money, I suppose it is fine, but it is nowhere near the top 100 in Amsterdam, let alone 20. The floors are so slanted (at least in the Van Gogh room) that my roommate and I had to leave after 2 nights of a planned 8-night stay because of her vertigo. There are no TV's or radios and, I know, I know... you don't come to Amsterdam to watch TV, but every so often it is nice to hang out at the hotel. At the Brower, all access to any common area is cut off at 6 p.m. You must go to your room, where there is not even a comfy chair or writing table... just a couple of hard backed chairs and two not-quite-twin sized bed which particularly slide apart (as noted in earlier reviews), especially when the the floor is at a slant. The management is courteous but not particularly friendly--we experienced (and we are fairly kind people in our sixties) very perfunctory, almost New York-rude service.... not the family atmosphere we had been led to expect. There is no wi-fi Internet service, even if you wanted to pay. Bottom line... if you are looking for a basic youth hostel, the Brower is great. If you want a hotel with any amenties... keep on looking. We ended up at a 4-star just down the street for only 10 euros more a night on a great special. Also, and none of the earlier reviews I read mentioned this... the Brower is right next to the red-light district and right next door, there are a couple lovely women displaying their wares -- something families not interested in this part of Amsterdam culture might not all enjoy. Just telling the truth here--the Brower is okay if you want bare bones hostel, but there is no way this is a top hotel or value in Amsterdam.

Peaceful, high-class comfort Was so completely disappointed with the Brower down the street we checked a website and found room specials at this place for only 10 euros a night more (and no breakfast). If you look for specials, this place is in no way overpriced. Great location, beautiful, comfortable, spacious rooms and an exemplary staff.. The canal room had a wonderful view and we felt like royalty the whole six days we were there. They may not serve breakfast, but for about 5 euros, you can pick up some wonderful broodjes (great sandwiches) or pastries right next door. Especially after our poor experience down the street, we could not have asked for a better respite and rescue. Would recommend to anyone!

Great location, shame about the food Stayed here for a week in March 05. The room was nice but a little small compared with other Sebels we have stayed in, and lacking in storage space. Water view was good, though maybe not as good as we had expected. Service was erratic - missing items were slow in coming, though some of the staff were very helpful. The worst thing was the meal - slow service and poorly cooked food, not recommended. However, the location is very good, a short walk to the Rocks and Circular quay, but nothing much close by. A short walk will get you a bus right into downtown - Queen Victoria Building - we used this several times and found it most useful. Overall it was a good experience, but I might look elsewhere next time.

Still the Classic Mansion Hotel Wife, 8 year old and I were in Dallas for the Cotton Bowl,, checked in Dec 31 for 2 nights. In Room 710 (next to Presidential Suite). I havent been to the Mansion in over 4 years, but still as I remember it. TALL ceilings in rooms, spacious setting in rooms (nice desk, chairs), giant closet. My room had a French walkout balcony (no view really, just some tree tops, and the hotel courtyard),, It's just a nice way to let in fresh air. King bed very commfy. 100% tiled bathrooms have nice double sinks, deep, deep tub, and a glass in shower. Very thick and large bath towels, and lots of bath amenities (tons of soaps/shampoos) along with fresh flowers in the bathroom too. Standard amenities include 2 times a day cleaning with evening turndown.We ordered room service, and it came up in quick fashion,, hot, and as ordered. Had drinks in --The Bar-- and breakfast in -The Restaurant-. Both places very nice and efficient, and suited to the Top Drawer fashion of the Mansion.Wife had a massage. She also did a AM work out in the gym,, all good she said.The room rate I paid for a -deluxe king- was 395/nt,, and since they did not have any 2 bedded/double rooms,,had to get a rollaway. The rollaway was a bit steep at 40.00/night. Thought they should eat the $40,, but I did not say anything,,just paid it.The only room negative was the TV. It was the --old-- standard 24 inch tube TV. In my home I got rid of the tubes a year ago and I'm spoiled to the HD/flat panel LCD sets. I've been to a ton of nice hotels (Ritz/ Four S. Penninsula, etc) and they all have gone now to flat panels. These tube sets are from the dark ages and should be replaced. They had a --tv volume-- control in the bathroom, but it didnot work. Not worth the hassle for me to call and -report- it. The check in/out smooth and efficient as the Rosewood Staff know the game. Car valet and unload/load of baggage very efficient. Keys given and baggage in room with in minutes of arrival. Complimentary coffee and tea all day long in the reception area. All the newspapers you would ever want to read are free in the morning. All in all, a great stay and I would go back for a repeat visit if business/vacation takes me to Dallas.

ultra hip Palomar I styayed here with wife on Dec 29, for 2 nights. Paid regular rate of aprox 325/night for a deluxe king. Staff very friendly and helpful. Car valet guy brought car up in quick time. Check in was quick. Luggage was brought to room right away. Wife needed a razor for legs, and it was brought with in 3 minutes of the phone request. Did breakfast room service,, quick and tasty.This was a Hilton back in the late 60's. It was closed and Kimpton totally redid it and it reopened in Sep 2006 as the Palomar. It reminds me of a -W- type of property.They had a nice 1 hour free wine/champagne happy hour in the lobby, along with free coffee in the morning. Small touches,, but those build a repeat visit.Small things but... in room desk area had a --4-- port electrical plug in for computers/phones. etc. Free internet, bioth wired and wirelss. 2 phones (1 handsfree), 2 line telephones. Great LG HDTV/flat panel LCD TV's... Nice radio, and cool reading lamps on bed so wife could sleep while I worked (sorry, we are married)... Another thing.... so many hotels now use compact flour. light bulbs. They put off a stange color, but at the Palomar, true incadesent bulbs, bright enough for reading/working. Lots of dimmers for lighting. Also, nice bathroom shampoo/soaps. Wife did yoga at the Exhale spa.. Free workout equipment access. Overall a great experience and highly recommended. PS The new Trader Vic's restaurant just steps around the corner from the hotel.

Not Good This was our fourth trip to the Dom Rep, having previously stayed in Riu and Iberostar hotels which we consider to be much better. This hotel is vast, some might say too big and is still expanding. The apartments are set out in attractive gardens giving the impression of a town rather then a hotel. Our apartment was about a 10 to 15 minute walk to the reception/bar areas. Cars pulling tailers ferry people to and from the reception area from other parts of the complex. Beware, if it rains during the evening you will get very wet when going to eat or drink. We found the food to be below the standard you would expect and the choice very limited. It was often served up cold. The snack bars around the beach area had a very limited menu and did not change thoughout our two week stay. The main buffets were situated on the other side of the complex in the reception, if you were on the beach this involved a lot of hassle so people mainly eat in the snack bars during the day. The room was ok but not as clean as we would expect, often when we returned in the late afternoon we found the towels had not been replaced we would then phone and wait anything up to an hour for clean ones. During the evenings entertainment consided of a singer/pianist in the lobby bars, again the same music every night. Each night they had a show in the theatre which ran for an hour. These were put on by the entertaiment team and consisted mainly of dance routines. The big downside for us was the seating. Most of the chairs were set out like a cinema, very few tables, the drinks were served in small plastic throw away cups. Not conducive to a social evening out. The beach is great,, flat white sand and very long. The European habit of saving sun beds with towels has caught on and if you arrive on the beach later then 8am you may have problems finding one. Compared to other hotels we have been to in the Dominican Republic the overall consensus of our party of four was one of disapointment..

Good Value We stayed here for four nights and found the hotel to be clean, modern and comfortable. As previously mentioned it is situated away from the centre of town and necessitated a 15 minute trip on the Metro to the Ramblas and port areas. We found the Breakfast to be fine and the room plenty big enough. The hotel is a five minute walk from Sants station which made it easy for connections to the airport and places further away such as Montserrat and Sitges. The staff were friendly and efficient which made a pleasent stay.

Quaint, Refurbished, Clean This hotel is located next to the New South Wales Police Headquarters, nearer to Oxford St (the gay/lesbian precinct of Sydney). The hotel has been refurbished recently (so everything is new) but the hotel lifts are probably its charm. It functions well but the way you have to run around [each lift has doors facing in a different direction]. Rooms are clean and equipped with LCD TVs. Broadband is available but expensive. There are computers in the lobby too that you can use (also chargeable). Note that the corridors outside the rooms are narrow. And I mean, really narrow. Two persons could not pass each other without one stopping! But once inside the room, it's ok. Some rooms have horrible views so if you plan to stay in to work/rest, ask for rooms that face Riley St (you can a view of the city). Occasionally if the tourist buses show up, the breakfast downstairs is a bit of a rush. But if you are willing to walk about 3 minutes onto Oxford St, you can get any kind of breakfast you want. For the price it charges, it's got the most horrible car park facility in the world - using it is an experience itself you will not forget.

Just too great I had my Christmas holiday(23/12/2006-26/12/2006) in Beijing for 4 days and I had chosen this newly opened Ritz Carlton for my stay. I arrived at the hotel at about 21:30 at night. Staff at the front desk had very great smiles. Service was excellent; staff were all very friendly. Check-in time only took 2 minutes. The room was spacious and very cozy. Everything was well-equipped. With DVD player and LCD TV. However the broadband charge was just too expensive it cost RMB$160/hour!Food outlets provide very fine dining but it was costly. Food in the mid-town was much cheap than that.The swimming pool in the hotel was closed for maintance during my stay. I was firstly very diappointed with this. However at the last day of my stay, I went to the Spa and looked whether the maintance of the pool was over, but it was still under process. The receptionist of the Spa saw me and tell me she can arrange that we can swim in the Westin Hotel which was just nearby. It was a surprise. When I changed my clothes at my room, she called me and told me that the hotel's car was prepared. A free private car tranfer was arrange. I didn't expected this. This was very impressed.Also, I'd contacted the concige to book me a taxi for going to the great-wall and it just cost $800. When I step out the hotel, I found they'd booked me a very comfortable private car. This was valuable because it was same price if I booked a Taxi myself.This hotel is just too great. The room is the most spacious one. The service is excellent. Staff with great smiles and very friendly. This is really 6-star hotel in Beijing

Great Location Stayed at The Radisson for 6 nights. Hotel is in great location close to Darling Harbour. We booked a 1 Bedroomed Suite which was spacious,clean and comfortable. Yes mono rail was a little noisy but we got use to it. Nice balcony facing towards Darling Harbour. We ate most evenings at Darling Harbour and I found prices reasonable.Didn't use leisure facilities in Hotel but pool was obviously back in use. My only complaint was the quality of the breakfast. The hot buffet didn't look appetizing and was always over cooked no matter what time we ate breakfast. Also I had advised Hotel that my wife has a Gluten free diet and they promised to get in some products for her. However when we arrived for breakfast on the first morning there was a blank look on everyones face. Eventually I went to see the duty Manager and in fairness they did get some products the next day for her.We loved Sydney, the ferry services were superb, the Bridge climb was stunning and The Opera House magnificent.

Great location... Stayed at the Hotel Laurus for 4 nights. The Hotel is well situated close to the Rail Termini and only a few minutes walk to the Hotel. As prevously mentioned the Hotel has recently been refurbished with nice bright decor. Rooms are quite spacious with a nice bathroom.The 6th floor Breakfast Room with it's balcony terrace was lovely. This room was also the bar for drinks during the day and evening. The Hotel is within walking distance off all the major attractions in Florence with the Dumo less than 5 mins walk and visible from the terrace. Streets are quite noisy outside Hotel but double glazed windows shut out the noise. Rooms are air conditioned.As expected Florence was very busy and hot but plenty of places to grab a cool beer. The Restaurants we dined at were superb, we particulalry liked the Trattoria Il Caminetto in via Dello Studio a little road just off the Dumo Square. Not cheap for sure but the food and service well worth the money.Prior to this stay we had just spent 4 nights in Rome and travelled to Florence by rail. We enjoyed Rome which of course is renowned for it's Historical interest whereas Florence was very much about it's culture but both very interesting places to visit.

The Silence In The Middle Of The Crowd THE LOCAL: The hotel is situated in a very small and narrow street between Gran Via and Calle de Alcala. This means that we are near themost important places of Madrid but at night in the room we are far away from the noise and we can rest. From the hotel to Gran Via is 3 minutes walking, 5 minutes to Puerta del Sol, 10 minutes to Plaza Mayor and Prado, 15 mutes to Royal Palace.THE BUILDING: When we watch the hotel for the first time we feel a certain deception because the aspect is too severe and grey, but we are obliged to recognize thar we are in face of a good adaptation of an old building.THE INTERIOR: Some reserve we had desapear when we enter in the lobbyvery beautiful with good furniture, the bar as well is veryconfortable and nice.THE ROOMS: Are very well furnitured but small. However in terms of confort are very well equiped and decorated.In my room the choice f TV channels was very poor. THE SERVICE: The service is really a 5 star hotel service. Very efectivness and staff well trained and simphatic.IN RESUMEN: A good stay

not a 4 star hotel this hotel is not a 4 star hotel would give it 3 star, but the staff was very helpful to us and the breakfast was good, and near the subway

Not everything you would expect Once I checked in, the service was okay, could have been better, but during the entire the front desk staff were the only nice staff and would always ask if you needed something.The hotel inform me that they are renovating the rooms and thats why the room i was saying in wasn't up to par with the rest. This part showed, from the bed you sleep. Every time you would turn, you would feel a new spring hitting you in the wrong and uncomfortable spot. The looked as though they just bought the property from another hotel that went bankrupt, the lobby looked presentable about the rest whole was more a 2 or 3 star with furntionings and fixtures.The next morning I went down for breakfast, this was unbelievible. You have two options when ordering breakfast la carte in the restaurant which over priced to the buffet. I chose the buffet, hot breakfast was about $25 and continental was $17, but overpriced for what you get. In the hot breakfast you get 4 half dishes for hot food, which was cold or had no more. Since eggs werent on the hot food item, which was then asked and staff gave attitude after ordering the item. If I was travelling for business or pleasure, I would not recommend this to anyone. One of the worst experiences I have had in hotel in Australia.

Great Resort! The Perfect Vacation! As a family of 5, after our stay at Caribe Club Princess from Dec 22-29, we have only good things to say about the place.First of all, don't let any of the bad reviews discourage you!A run down of everything... Check in: Smooth. The shuttle bus from our travel agent with TMR was ready when we were. In the airport, there's a little booth where they direct you to your bus. As well, porters offer to bring your luggage. You also have a rep from your travel agent whose available an hour a day at your resort to answer your questions, and who gives a welcome meeting to go over everything to new guests. Our room was ready when we arrived. We took the VIP package, so we got the coupons we needed right away (massage, motorized water sports, and Internet.)Food: Excellent. The food is prepared differently than in mainstream North America, but it definitely is good. Breakfast is, as other reviews say, pretty much the same thing daily. However, there is so much available, that you don't get bored of it. The fresh omelettes are delicious! You choose what you want inside (tomatoes, red/green peppers, ham, cheese) and the guy makes it for you on the spot. As well, you can have eggs easy over... There's also muffihs, bacon, potatoes, scrambled eggs, waffles, pancakes, rolls, and so much more. The fresh juices are also really good.Lunch is also really good. There's 2 snack bars at either ends of the Tropical/Caribe Club beach section, which are only about 3 minutes walking distance from each other. The food there is delicious, there's always pasta, hamburgers, hot dogs, nachos (with cheese or salsa), and more. As well, there's a bar at each lunch buffet spot. (The buffets are at the seafood restaurant, and the dominican food restaurant.) As well, there's always the lunch buffet at the place where the breakfast buffet is, which is just a wider selection. However, you need to have shoes and a shirt to go in there...You will not go hungry at Supper either. There's the buffet at El Higuera (the place where the breakfast is), and a choice of 5 restaurants that anybody can use, and 2 that cost $25/person. (Or if you have the VIP package, you can choose 1 of them once per week at no extra cost.)The supper buffet is always great. They have a different theme each night (like Italian, Brazillian, Dominican, etc), and the food there is always good. There's easily 100 things to choose from there. They seem to always have some things made on the spot too, like fried vegetables, or fresh pasta with the sauce of your choice. If you see something made on the spot, get it. It's usually a hint the food is good. There's also icecream at the supper buffet.... Once you bring your food to the table, a waiter will get you your drink.As well, the restaurants are also good. In some regard, some of the food you see at certain buffet themes you get at the restaurant. We ate at the mexican, italian, chinese, and steakhouse (VIP extra).Mexican (Sombrera)- Food was great. They come and sing you a song while you are eating. Nice variety.Italian (Mamma Mia)- Really good. Pasta with seafood sauce was great.Chinese (Shanghai)- Alright. Certain parts were great, certain parts were alright. They serve you sushi and beef on a stick when you sit down, which is really really good. However, the main meals are only alright. Nothing amazing. The fried icecream (vanilla icecream, with fried dough around it, with chocolate sauce on the side) is amazing!Steakhouse (La Cava)- This was included with our VIP package, and definitely was amazing! The food was delicious! The steak was cooked perfectly! The apetizers and main courses were humongous and delish! The shrimp surprises (apetizer) and the steak were amazing. Definitely recommend this place.The other VIP restaurant, or $25/person one, is the seafood restaurant which we didn't try. (El Pescador)Now onto other stuff...Staff- The staff were always very helpful, and wanted to help you. The waiters at the buffet were usually on the ball and got you your drink pretty quickly. As well, they kept the place clean for you when you arrive. The waiters at the restaurants were always on the ball, having a new drink ready for you basically as soon as you finish yours. The bartenders also were great. There were a few instances where the staff only spoke Spanish, so it was a bit difficult to communicate. But usually they would know some English or French (french was a bit more common).Housekeeping was usually on the ball. If you leave them gifts and a tip, they make up your room fast and sometimes leave towel designs (like a heart or a swan..). One day they forgot about our room though, and didn't make it up until we got them in there at 5 PM. Animation staff - Amazing. Always on the ball. Throughout the day, there'd be water aerobics, step up aerobics on land, merengue dance lessons, darts tournaments, pentaca tournaments, bowling down pineapples with coconuts tournaments, etc. If you win a tournament, they present you a diploma at their nightly show (more on this soon). They'd always try to get you to participate, and they definitely are fun to be with.Beach - Spotless. Therea are people there picking up garbage all throughout the day. The sand is so soft and clean, and the water is a beautiful blue. The water is always warm too. You can get a boogie board free for 1 hour a day. As well, there are some excursions that you can sign up for at the aquatics hut (at a cost), that we didn't bother with. Some were snorkeling with dolphins or whatever... The beach is also cleaned throughoughly at night. There was never ever an issue trying to find chairs or getting a hut. And this was during their high season...As well, with our VIP coupons for motorized water sports, we tried the banana boat ride. Its basically an inflatible long tube that everybody sits on with a handle per person. And one of the water staff on a motorboat pulls the tube fast throughout the water. Only try this if you like moving FAST, and getting wet. Definitely a lot of fun, and recommended....The pools were also always clean. We only used the main pool (the one with the swim-up pool bar) where all the action is, but there definitely was never any issues here. Only thing is the water is a bit cold because it's not heated. Bars: Tons of fresh drinks, fruit punch, soft drinks, slushy drinks available that don't have alcohol. Also tons of alcoholic drinks available for adults. If your VIP, you get access to all the liquors free of charge, whereas non-vip's only get national alcoholic drinks.Besides the beach, everywhere else is clean. There's a kid's club that we saw doing activities throughout the day, but never really looked into it. There's also teen club with foosball tables and pool tables. There's tennis, and mini golf available at no extra charge for those who are interested.For those who aren't sure, the VIP package is definitely worthwhile. First of all, all the VIP people stay in one hotel. In this hotel only, every room has a *private* balcony. Elsewhere, balconies are not completely private or sometimes even shared. There's a concierge in your hotel from 9-4 PM daily to answer questions or for you to reserve your restaurant. Much easier than having to wait in line with everyone else to reserve. And overall, you don't want to have to pay more for anything during your stay. The massages are so worthwhile, as well as the motorized watersports if you like that. Also, at the bars, you don't want to have to be charged for a drink if it costs extra. As well, your hotel is perfectly located. You're right at the beach and the main pool with all the action. There's no real walking distance.Nightly shows: Most of them are good. We were fortunate to be able to see the Lion King, and that was fantastic! They always have nice sets, lighting, costumes, etc. However, they mouth the words to any songs or dialogue in the show. Luckily for us, the Lion King was all in English! They also have many dance shows with different themes (Carnaval, Christmas, etc..). Their comedy show skits were cute, at most. They also give the tournament winners their diploma before the show. After the show, the animation staff (who perform in the show) invite the audience to come and dance with them for a bit before they send you off to Areito Disco which we never went to. Don't make our mistake. The theatre near El Higuera (the buffet place) is NOT the main theatre. That's for a little show guests put on that we never really figured out how it works...Everything is really close to each other. The only real distance is about 5 minutes to the lobby and the theatre with the nightly shows. And there's a shuttle that comes often anyways...The lobby is beautiful too. They clean it so often.Something else they have is a photographer who goes around during the day with a different animal or model to take your picture. There's a little monkey, iguana, parrots, beautiful white birds, or sometimes a male or female model. He takes your picture with whatever he has, and then the print is available in the lobby at night or the following day. The pictures always come out great because they use a great camera, and they add to it a nice border with Caribe club... dec07 or whatever)... but pictures are $15/each. If you buy more than 10, its something like $12/each. Although there's no committment to buy it...Also, after 4 days they throw out any pictures unpurchased.Tipping- No obligation, but if you do, people definitely make an effort to offer you better service. $1 goes a long way here. No need to tip more than $2-3 at at a time. These people work hard and don't get paid much as it is.Checkout- Also went smoothly. We purchased a late checkout (at 6 PM) because our bus left only at midnight. You can only get this though the day before or day of checkout. Otherwise checkout is at 12 PM. You' re still able to get access to all the resorts features until you leave. They can also lock your luggage in a safe room so you don't have to worry. With TMR, our shuttle bus was on time. After a few stops at other resorts, we reached the airport. 30 minutes to go through check-in and security. It's a bit different than other airports, as in, you get to see planes taking off because the airport is just one giant hut of sorts. Anyway, I think that's it! If you have any questions, feel free to contact me. Don't worry, relax, and have a great trip!

Amazing Resort! We just got back from Gran Bahia Principe Punta Cana a few days ago, and as a family of 5, everyone had an amazing time! Here's our run-down. If you have any questions, feel free to send me a message! You can't go wrong here!Went for a week (Dec 20-27) from Montreal, with Air Transat. Not great flight times, but everything was on time, bus left prompty, and we were the first stop. Only 25 minute busride. Chose the Royal Golden package.Check-in: Arrived at 3 AM, so the resort was pretty quiet then. Only one person at the front desk. Check-in was fairly quick, followed by a short wait since only 1 bellboy was working at this time. Had to get our safe activated the next day in the Royal Golden area. We were told to stop by the Royal Golden area the following day. When we got to our room, we found a letter from them. They made our restaurant reservations for us, but we were more than welcome to change them. (You get 4 dinners with the Royal Golden, 3 without).Royal Golden Reception:We went the following morning to the Royal Golden area by the lobby, made the dinner reservations that we wanted very quickly and easily. Got our safe activated here too. They have a safe door there to demonstrate exactly what you need to do. They have a very very small bar here, and 3 computers for your 15 minutes of internet. Officially it's 15 minutes of internet per day per room, but during slow periods you could get away with 15 minutes per person too.Rooms:We had 2 adjoining rooms, on the second floor in villa 2. Very spacious, clean, only saw 1 bug all week. The maid did a good job of keeping everything in order, at a decent time, with a gift and a dollar or two left daily. Although the rooms were always tidy, didn't see any decorations in the first half of the week. As teh week progressed, we saw a heart with flower pedals and some balloons. The a/c worked perfectly fine in both rooms. Just be aware it only works if your balcony door is firmly shut. As well, bathrooms were interesting... No fan or shower curtain. It gets very steamy in there after showering, but not a problem. Beautiful bathrooms none the less. Remember, the tap water is not drinkable. Shower towels were never a problem.As well, at night, we often found beach towels for us for the next day from the maid, along with candies, or chocolates. As well, any dirty towels from that afternoon were already gone.Grounds:Stunning grounds. All throughout the day, there is always someone picking up garbage, painting, cleaning, spraying insecticides, and more. The resort is big, and it is true, it takes a day or 2 to figure out your way around. However, it is manageable. We were in Villa 2, which is 5 seconds from the beach, and we barely used the trolley. It's about a 10 minute walk to the lobby only.Beach:Just like the grounds, it is constantly being cleaned. There are people picking up plastic cups on the ground throughout the day constantly. The beach is beautiful! Bavaro beach (the beach where the resort is next to), has such smooth and soft sand with crystal clear water. We did actually have some problems with beach chairs when we tried to do it the polite way, and not reserve chairs. We like having our chairs near the beach, to the extent that we had to sometimes go into the pool area and take chairs from there. Later on in the week, we reserved chairs around 9 AM and never had a problem. But by 11:30 AM, it's much harder. A towel or a sandle does the trick.There are vendors about 20 minutes along the shore to the right on the beach. Good stuff, just be prepared to haggle as always. Pools:We spotted 3 pools during our stay, but only used 1. There is a pool right near the beach which has the bulk of the animation and action, and halfway to the lobby there are 2 more pools. One of these pools is for everyone, the other is reserved for Diamond/Hacienda club members only. Every pool had a swim-up bar. Pools were kept clean, and we never had a problem swimming in any of them. As well, short wait at the swim-up bars (and this was during the high season!).If we were to be critical, we found the animation to be lacking a bit. It did exist, but there wasn't as much as another resort we were at. However, some may prefer this as they aren't in your face all day.Bars:To add a bit more about bars, there are many throughout the resort. One on the beach, one at every pool (both inside and outside the pool), at every location where food is served, and more. The drinks were good and served quickly. The beach;/pool bars had all the typical frozen drinks like Coco Locos, Banana Mamas, Pina Coladas, lemondade and so on. The bartenders were always willing to add alcohol as you may desire. Every bar also had water, which is 100% bottled water. At the pool and lobby, there are people who also bring drinks to you. No drinks inside coconuts. Punta Cana LOBBY and Lobby bar: Beautiful open-air area. Lots of areas to sit and relax. In my opinion, the lobby bar served the best drinks. They had the largest variety, and were always served the nicest. They just were classy. Had little pineapple and cherry's sticking out, sugar candy rim, and so on. In the evening, there would be usually someone playing piano and singing or just music playing which was nice. As well, there are staff who come around and offer to get you your drink. They also have the drinks here that cost money (international drinks). Very enjoyable area throughout the day. In the morning, they also have good muffins and croissants here.FOOD:Main buffet - Orquieda:Air-conditioned buffet.Huge variety of food, throughout the day. Be careful of the hours when meals are served. At any buffet, when they say it ends, it ends. They won't ask you to leave if your eating, but the food will be gone then. At breakfast, they have 2 omelette stations, which were really good. As well, the usual nice variety. Fresh juices, scrambled eggs, toast, waffles, pancakes, bagels, yogurts, cereals, bread (which was quite good!) and more. Nobody goes hungry.Lunch was good here as well, typical variety. Only ate here once, so don't really remember what it had.Dinner: Every night is a different theme. We ate there on international night, and I think spanish night. In any event, the food was great. It was served hot, fresh, and a nice variety. Every dinner has a pasta station that's served and made fresh with food for kids as well. Often had stuff like lambchops, and what not being served for u at different stations. For all meals at the buffet, never had to wait long for coffee/juice/soft drink/wine. The waiters come around often. Second Breakfast Buffet:Air-conditioned.There is also a breakfast buffet near the beach, at El Pescador restaurant. They have a much smaller amount of food, but it's fine none the less. Still have eggs (just not cooked in front of you), along with fresh juices.Beach lunch buffet:Open-air Great food served throughout the day. Had salads, sandwhiches, hamburgers, hot dogs, fries, pastas, and so on daily. They don't let you take food out of the buffet area officially, but if it's in a napkin or something, nobody will stop you. A la carte dinners:We ate at El Charro (Mexican), La Trattoria (Italian), Garden Grill (Steakhosue), Mikado (Japanese). All air-conditioned.All the restaurants we ate at, besides Mikado, have buffets for apetizers and dessert. We didn't mind this, since it allowed us to try all the food we want. Some restaurants served you a little appetizer none the less.El Charro: Good food. Everything was served hot, with a nice variety. No complaints. La Trattoria: Lambchops (meal) were cold, sent back, and weren't much better. Not a big deal, still edible. That aside, great variety of food.Garden Grill: No problems. Steak was cooked perfectly and was quite good.Mikado: Hit or miss with the chefs. Our chef wasn't all that entertaining, he just cooked the meal in front of us, and left. Other chefs (as we heard) really got the crowd applauding. Yummy food. The dessert is served just outside the showroom, and the fried icecream was delicious.Christmas Dinner:Ate at the buffet. Very nice variety of food. Had a cold seafood buffet, steaks, fillet mignons, salmon and more. Huge variety of very delicious food. Also, a few interesting carvings by the staff. Nice amount of christmas decorations, and music.NIGHTLIFE:Shows at Tropicana Theatre:We were there for Mr. Bahia Principe, ideal couple, Michael Jackson, Circus, Musical Legends, Lion King, and one other pop music show. The first 2 listed were cute, with the usual audience participation.The other shows were well done. Of course they lip synch the words to the songs, but it was well rehearsed none the less. Very enjoyable.As well, the circus show was quite impressive with quite a few interesting acrobatic stunts. There is a bar by the theatre as well.Shops and post-show entertainment:The Pueblo Principe area, where all the shops and vendors are, becomes the hub of the nightlife after the shows. During the day, this is where the vendors are. They can be quite pushy, but be prepared to bargain for at least 1/4 of their price. They all have the same stuff, and it isn't unique to them. Either way, got some nice souvenirs here from them and the stores. As well, at night, this is where the after-hours eating takes place (hamburger restaurant from 11 PM - 7 AM), the casino, nightly house band from 11 Pm - 12 AM (with chairs and servers offering you drinks), and the casino and bar. Didn't use the casino or bar really. We found the nightlife to be lacking somewhat, especially since the lobby bar closes at 11:30 PM. Would have liked for some more entertainment maybe, like dancing after the show. (Besides the disco.)ROYAL GOLDEN thoughts:We found this to be a very useful upgrade. The 15 minutes of internet was nice to have, along with a 4th a la carte restaurant. The location of the villas close to the beach is also very convenient. And finally, with towels, we usually got away without needing towel cards because of our bracelets at the towel shack.Check-out: We needed to leave our room by 12 PM, even though the bus only came for our flight at 11:20 PM since they were overbooked. (Otherwise, $12/hour extra for the room. You need to ask the day of if it's free.) Since it was daytime, and the Royal Golden area was open, that is where we had to checkout (unlike where we checked in). Took a while, because there's only 3 people there, and a lot of people had just arrived. (Like over an hour).We had to shower in the hospitality showers near the main-lobby. Make sure you bring beach towels, because there are none there. Somewhat inconvenient, but not a huge problem. Your luggage is stored in a locked room, just make sure you have your valuables.Our bus came on-time, and our flight left the airport on time too. Very easy.Note about Punta Cana/Bavaro/Ambar:Punta Cana and Bavaro are the same thing, just with different identical lobbies. Ambar is the same as well, just adult only. Royal Golden is in Punta Cana side, Diamond/Hacienda club is Bavaro. (Diamond/Hacienda perks are their own pool, and private breakfast/lunch lobby.)Trolley:Came very often in both directions. Very easy, and quick.Staff:The staff was always very friendly, and always greeted you with a friendly Hola. Most new some english as well, and we never found it a problem. FINAL THOUGHTS:Gran Bahia Principe is an amazing resort. It definitely merits its 5 stars, and it's very easy to be happy here. We all had an amazing time, got lots of sun, and nobody got sick. We would definitely recommend it. We thought the animation team was lacking a bit during the day, but the place is still very relaxing! That's all I can think of. Feel free to message me with any questions, and have an amazing vacation! You'll love it here!

Average at Best Just finished our weekend getaway at the Sofitel and it was average. Obiviously the room was small. We booked a luxury king room on the 16th floor. At night you can here the water running down from the upper floors everytime someone used the bathroom. The shower had a temperature lock on it so that you can't turn the water any hotter. There is only one sink with horrible water control. The view was terrible. The pillows were awful. The bed is comfortable. No one so far has mentioned that parking is $50.00 per night with a $45 fee for retrieving your car (in addition). The location is very good and close to most destinations. We did not eat at the hotel but we did eat at Mesa Grill (also average) and Koi (very good). We also saw Wicked (highly recommended).

Shuttle bus unreliable ( very selfish driver ) Hotel ok for a one night stopover.We did not book our room we just turned up and requested two rooms for 4 people.We were charged a total of $190 for each room.this seems a bit over the top but paid it as we were all tired.Be careful when using the courtesy shuttle bus to restaurants ect.The driver we got was very selfish, let us down badly after promising to collect us from a restaurant that he recommended only failing to do so after us making two calls to the hotel.After waiting over an hour we got a taxi which cost us $16:00

Great location I was there with my wife for 3 days for a business meeting. Our room was above average. We were on the first floor next to the canal but the noise was acceptable. We ate in the dining room for breakfast and had catered lunches for our meetings, all of which were good. I liked the location which was certrally located. The internal garden next to and serviced by the bar was epically nice.I thought the staff was uniformaly friendly and attentive.

Excellent stay Stayed at the Ayodya Palace part of the resort more exclusive.The setting is awesome food was very nice room was comfortable and service from the staff was first classmy wife loved the cinammon flavoured creams and soaps amenities. Overall it was a wow hotel as reminded of a cultural museum with all the statues and decorations.Definately a place i would go back.

"The" hotel you want to stay in. This is simply one of the best hotels available in Amsterdam for its price range.My girlfriend and I stayed for 2 nights in Amsterdam at hotel Nadia and after hearing nothing but horror stories about the accommodation from friends who have travelled there before we did a lot of research and decided to stay in this hotel and it was a good choice.From the moment we arrived, the staff where as helpful as possible and carried all our bags up to our room and got us sorted out with maps and information.We stayed on the top floor in a lovely room with a private balcony overlooking 2 streets and a canal. The room was clean, comfortable and decorated in a lovely traditional manner.At night the room was quiet and breakfast the following morning was excellent.The hotel is easy walking distance from the main train station and the dam is a quick stroll away so the cities nightlife is only a few minutes away.We will defiantly stay here again.

The finest hotel in LA for it's price, just add self parking option We stayed three nights in the Palomar hotel in Westwood, mostly based on location, an attractive 50% off offer on Expedia and its #1 ranking on Tripadvisor. And this is sure the ranking this former Doubletree hotel, now stylish renovated by Kimpton, deserves. Not just for the big spotless rooms with countless amenities like a huge LCD TV and the best king I've slept on during my whole 4 week stay in the USA or the excellent location (just minutes away from Beverly Hills, Santa Monica and UCLA) in a safe neighboorhood. Most of all this hotel is my new LA favorite spot because of the most attentive and truly friendly staff. From front office, to bell and valet everybody gives you that warm welcome feeling like you are at home and will do almost everything to make your stay as pleasant as possible. I cannot remember any other hotel on the many trips I've made to the USA where I found a similar experience. They even offer a complimentary wine hour, but we were to busy exploring LA to join !Only thing missing was a balcony to enjoy the streetlife or hotel view and the WiFi reception was unfortunality rather bad. But nevertheless this hotel would be my choice again next time (hopefully again with a good Expedia offer 'cause their rack rates are kinda pricy for me, though worth the money). Final remark is that the hotel parking is also pricy (USD 30 overnight) and they only offer valet service. As an European I'd prefer to do the parking myself (although the valets are most attentive) but I simply find self parking more comfortable. So it would be perfect if the hotel would offer self parking too, their indoor parking lot is huge and the infrastructure surely allows possibility of self parking.

Excellent hotel near the beach ! We stayed at the Resort Quest Waikiki Beach Hotel for four nights on our first trip to Hawaii. This hotel is great value for money, most friendly staff and we had an excellent king size bed on which we slept really well. Our room had a nice partial ocean view, on which we were complimentary upgraded (we booked a saver room). Balcony was little small though (on the other side of the hotel you have bigger ones on which you can sit). Nice big screen LCD TV, free wireless internet in the pool area and this included lovely breakfast on the beach concept. You get a breakfast bag (which you may keep as a souvenir) and you can choose to have your bite either in the pool area or on the beach. Nice selection of breakfast items, fresh fruit, yoghurt, cereals, different juices and much more and constantly being replenished so if you arrive at the end of the breakfast hours still much to choose from, we just missed some simple bread or toast (for the healthy minded). They also have a very nice fitness room. If RQ Waikiki Beach keeps up its current price/quality ratio this will definitely be our choice again on our next trip to Hawaii ! Tip: if you arrive from airport the Airport shuttle takes you fast to the hotel for just USD 9 per person !

Decent, not great The Luna Simone was clean, but (like too many London hotels) somewhat noisy. The room was tiny. Tube connections are fairly close, as is Victoria Station and its many connections. The room rate barely qualifies for the budget category (in my mind), but I guess it's OK for central London. Lots of pubs and small restaurants nearby. Overall, a decent place if not exceptional.

Good location, pretty hotel - rooms on the smaller side I recently returned from an enjoyable stay at the Harbor Court hotel in San Francisco. The hotel is about 3 blocks from the Embarcadero BART stop and very convienant to all of the activity along the piers and ferry terminal. Highlights:-free access to the YMCA next door. An amazing facility with lap pool, bball court, full sauna, etc. I never thought I would be on a treadmill with a view of the bay bridge!-free cocktail reception every night with quality wine and beer-free fresh cookies and milk every night-good coffee and tea available at all times-great customer service-flat screen TVs, ergonomic desk chairs, iPod docking stations-across the street from the ferry terminal farmer's market (thursday/saturday - probably the coolest farmer's market I have ever seen. I highly encourage a visit)Lowlights:-a very, very small room (maybe 12' x 12') that takes a little getting used to. And a $50 flat surcharge for a room with a view of the Bay Bridge.The room we stayed in was well appointed, and we got used to the size, but I would caution any families from staying at the Harbor Court. Even finding space for a crib would be a challenge.San Fran is an amazing city. Go visit!

A nice stay at the Holiday Inn! I stayed at the Holiday Inn Amsterdam for 5 days in late December with my girlfriend. We had stayed in the Amsterdam city center on the first leg or our trip and I booked the Holiday Inn through P*riceline ($95 US) as a less expensive alternative on our last leg.The hotel is located on the outer ring of the city, but it is less than a 3 mile walk to the heart of Amsterdam and about 1.5 miles to the Van Gogh museum. It is located right next to the RAI station and the beginning of tram line directly into the city. The proximity to the RAI station proved to be a great benefit as it was only 1 stop from the airport and allowed us to avoid the obscenely expensive Dutch taxis. It also made a day trip to Haarlem very accessible.We stayed in a large room with a comfortable king bed and good bathroom. It was larger than most European rooms and much better than the Holiday Inns where I have stayed in the United States. Ultimately, I found staying at the Holiday Inn to be a great budget alternative to staying in the city center (which I also recommend if the price is right). It is located across the road from a nice city park (with a large hedge maze - recommended for kids and adults) with easy access to the city. My only regret is not being able to visit during the warmer months. Renting a bike (I think you can rent them under the RAI station) and exploring the city would have been awesome. Maybe next time.

Good if you're on a budget It's a couple blocks inland, but within 15-20 minute walking distance to all the action at Waikiki beach if you're looking for a Hawaii vacation without all the hotel cost, and don't mind a small hike. The rooms are clean and modern, although a little small. It's also next to a large mall. I had no complaints, I enjoyed my stay and the staff were helpful.

One of the best This truly has to rate as one of the best hotels there are. Although the building is showing its age the team that look after you are truly amazing. From complimentary champagne every evening to in room check in nothing is too much trouble. I stayed in the Valley Wing with its separate entrance and dedicated team. Very exclusive away from the hoardes around the front - highly recommended!

The place to stay in Paris = Hotel Villa Mazarin More of

Good location and value for downtown I stayed here because I was in town for a conference at the convention center and it was a little less expensive than the other downtown hotels. I was able to book a club room for less than the rate of a regular room at some of the other hotels. It included a continental breakfast in the club lounge with pastries, cereal and fruit, as well as early-evening appetizers (charge for alcoholic beverages, though), and I got a room on a high floor with a great view of the city. They also gave a coupon for a free appetizer at the bar.The hotel is very convenient if you have business at the convention center -- it's about a three minute walk through the park across the street directly to the convention center's side door. Everything else was fine -- decent gym and OK bar. I'd stay here and try and book a club room if I visit Seattle again.

Terrible staff!! I had a free certificate from a friend who is a member of Accor Privilege Card, and tried to use it in Novotel Nusadua. I have no problem booking through Accor hotline service, and reconfirmed the booking 4 days prior to our intended stay directly to the hotel. Again, the staff at Novotel Nusa Dua confirmed the booking and told me to show the certificate when I checked in.We checked in on 11 November only to find that our certificate was rejected because the front desk staff said that the certificate is for Accor Privilege Card member only, and I have to show the copy of member card (I'm not a member so I don't have one!) although it is clearly stated in the certificate that it is fully transferable and it doesn't said anything about having to be a member to use the certificate.I was very angry and dissapointed so I moved to Harris Resort - which is the best decision I ever made!!!I would not recommend Novotel Nusa Dua at all, and if you have any of these certificate, be very careful before you check in.

Love the location Good points:perfect location for anyone who want travel to anywhere in HK or Kowloon but don't like the hustle bustle of Mongkok or Causewaybay.Tin Hau MTR station is right opposite the hotel.Causewaybay shopping haven is just one stop by MTR.Many cheap eateries, supermarket nearby.The hotel price is right on the money.Love the mattress the size of the room ( not big but not small by HK standard)Bad points:Only 2 free internet terminals downstairs in the lobby and there is always people queuing for it. If some kids stayed there watching video or playing games on the net then good luck.Couple of nights I could hear TV, people talking from next doorand one time people upstairs was moving furniture aroundin the middle of the nite. Though it said Harbour view hotel ; I found it misleading as it is smack bang in the middle of concrete jungle and can hardly see the harbour.To be fair it is not bad for the price location and I would stay there again.

Remember - Only $80 SD! Another view from my room

Silvermine Bay is beautiful A nice hotel in a very nice place. Ferry terminal is a 5 minute walk with the journey around 45 minutes to the city. Staff very friendly and our room was clean and well maintained. Good standard and variety at breakfast. 'Mountain View' is a lie,however, we overlooked a building site.

Very Good Hotel All in all, very good experience. Hotel is relatively close to all attraction. Metro is a walking distance away. Excellent breakfast. Nice bar in the evening. Rooms are relatively spacious. NO POOL.. that was not appreciated by my kids!! Service was very good. Friendly staff. Would certainly consider staying there next time we go to Paris.

nice hotel good location This is a lovely hotel nicely located right in the hart of the city. I found that almost every thing in this hotel was very nice with the only possible exception being the staff at the front desk. The rooms are nicely appointed, very clean and have wonderful views. the location is great as it sits with in walking distance of many major attractions and right next to numerous public transpiration lines. This is certainly not the cheapest option in Berlin but if you can get a slightly discounted rate as we did it is well worth the money.

The reality did not live up to the hype. My wife an I were recent guests at the W Seattle. This hotel promises and hypes a zen-like experience; however, it falls short in delivery. The hot water faucet fell off it's spindle at the first touch; we left the hotel at 9:00 a.m., returning at 3:15 p.m. to find that the room had not been made up. There is no door tag to request room cleaning, only a do not disturb tag. The lighting throughout is gloomy, and the lobby/bar area is quite unbelievably noisy in the evenings, since there are no soft furnishings to absorb conversation sound - certainly no place for a quiet drink after a long day. Restaurant prices are high, ($17 for a continental breakfast), and the final sting in the tail was a charge of $30 per night for parking. There are better places to stay in Seattle for less money than this.

Great location/ great hotel Great location near the Central station only 15mins from airport by train.Easy walking distance to all main areas and attractions.Room very clean and quiet-we were in the garden annexeBar staff great.would stay again

Fantastic Hotel Absolutly fantastic hotel.Stayed here before and after a trip into China and i have never been so happy to see this hotel again on my trip back from China.

Robust 5 star The Mandarin Oriental is in the unfortunate position of sitting opposite what might be the best hotel in the world - The Peninsula, but let's not ignore the fact that this is still a first rate hotel well worth a visit.Other reviewers have commented on the mismatch between pictures of the room views and reality and I would definitely concur with this - if you want a great view of Hong Kong stay on the other side of the water, but this is a great spot for getting around.Service is excellent, ever so slightly over-fussy, but still very, very good. I stayed two nights in a Harbour room - the view wasn't as good as I would have expected, but the room was just so incredibly comfortable and very spacious - I think I'm happy to pay for the larger room, the view didn't really matter that much.One gripe is that they charge for wi-fi access - it really should be complimentary these days. Otherwise, the prices for extras didn't feel disproportionate for this class of hotel - I didn't feel I was being fleeced once I came in the door which can be the case with top notch hotels.Music on demand; lots of space; exceptionally soft duvets - I will source those sheets for my own home once I get back; a control for the lighting that I could actually work; lovely toiletries and a bath you could dive into.Breakfast was excellent, good service again. Neat, comfortable. The Captain's Bar, tucked just to the right of the lobby is again the very last word in comfort - I just loved this bar and you'll never see it in the guides because there's nothing trendy about it and the designer isn't famous, but it's a great wee bar.I didn't make it to the spa, but the fact that it is such a feature of the hotel comes back to it's overall theme: comfort - this is a seriously comfortable hotel, it's actually quite hard to leave it! Like sinking into a wonderfully comfortable old armchair.

Boring, institutionalised and too far from town For all the trendy artwork and the chic decoration, this place can't hide the fact that it's boring. It's clean, freshly decorated and convenient for a number of businesses but it's too far from the heart of Amsterdam. Taxis take ages to arrive and cost to get in. I really hated the electronically locked front doors that mean you need to summon assistance to get in or out, day or night. Can only recommend for travellers that need to sleep then get to the office early.

Top Hotel outside hotel to the left.

Close to Turist Attractions The hotel is located close to lots of attractions. Around the hotel you find that inmigrants from different parts of the world (Colombia, Egipt, etc) gather in different outside cafes. The elevators were small (european standard) the breakfast (included in price) was better than expected. The rooms were acceptable and clean. Reception personnel were helpful always. Internet conection worked properly. No problem getting a cab in 5 minutes (reception personnel got it without problems).

Probably the nicest hotel in Downtown LA. The Omni is considered the most upscale hotel in Downtown Los Angeles. Having stayed at a couple of other downtown hotels, I would say it is probably the best overall choice, if cost is not an issue. Aside from one rude front desk employee (who later called back to apologize, to his credit), the service is classy, the rooms are standard sized, with comfortable beds and nice bathrooms, and the spa/fitness center are very nice. The location is great, if you have a reason to stay in Downtown LA.TIP: When booking your room, request one with views of the much-talked-abou Walt Disney Concert Hall, designed by architect Frank Gehry.

Best choice in Barcelona This has to be one of the most fabulous hotels in Europe in its price level. We had a GREAT experience there during our 6-day stay. The room was quiet and comfortable, but the best part of the experience was the hotel staff and Carlos, the manager. They went out of their way to make our stay enjoyable. Carlos even saw it was my birthday during our visit and comped us to a bottle of Cava at the hotel bar. Just one example out of many of how great this staff was to us. And the location: best in Barcelona, right on Las Ramblas. Don't worry about light or street noises...blackout shutters come down at the push of a button. the staff restaurant suggestions, especially those from Carlos, were wonderful. Only one bad food experience: avoid La Gavina on the waterfront. It's a total ripoff with bad food and fish that isn't fresh. I wish every hotel was like this one!

The Lyden Gardens is now the Affinia Gardens - and it's good The Lyden Gardens is no more. Since mid-September, it has changed its name to the Affinia Gardens Hotel, to reflect its ownership by the Affinia Hotels group and a substantial refurbishment from top to bottom. (Note to TripAdvisor editors: best start a new thread for the newly-renamed hotel, perhaps...)My wife and I stayed there in the first week of the new image, and had a highly enjoyable four nights there. A regular guest my wife got talking to said that the new look has resulted in a significant ugrading for the hotel and its facilities, so maybe prices will rise to reflect this.The hotel is situated in a good part of town, four blocks away from the subway, and you might be best advised to ask for a room in the back of the hotel, as this does not overlook a road. We were fortunate enough to have a first floor room at the back, which came with a good-sized patio with seating for four.Our room would have been big enough for four double beds, let alone the two we had. Other room facilities were a small but newly refurbished bathroom, and a kitchen with fridge/freezer, gas cooker, microwave and sink.The Affinia Garden has been repositioned as a Tranquil Hotel, with herbal teas available in the Serenity Bar at the front, opposite the highly organised, efficient and friendly reception.All in all, a good place to stay - we'd definitely return - but expect the prices to rise.

Simply Great This hotel is simple but exceptional. Assiduously non-smoking (don't even THINK about it), quiet, in the highly desirable Museumplein, one block from the Van Gogh, Hotel Fita is a true value in an expensive European City.The staff, led by Hans, is fabulous. They are attentive to detail, breakfasts are excellent, and the conversation is delightful Dutch... direct, intelligent, humorous, and respectful. Recommendations for dining close by are top rate.While this was our first visit, it surely will not be our last, for we have found our home in Amsterdam

we stayed in an apartment belonging to them We arrived there late at night it was the 1st hotel we visited, the man offered us an apartment for the night at an excellent rate, we were only planning on staying there for the 1st night as we have other accom. booked however we change our mind and stayed the week our apartment had a balcony which over looked the main plaza had a kitchen/living/dinning room in the one space and a room with 2singlebeds and 1double it was great, extremely clean,maybe a little basic for some people but my friends and I found it ecellent

Comfortable, ideally situated small hotel A nice, small hotel at the Rue Monge end of Rue Lacepede - a road running up to the botanical garden, the Jardin des Plantes, and only a couple of minutes from the Palce Monge metro. The Left Bank is the place to stay in Paris if you prefer the historic, narrow streets of the Latin Quarter and the islands to the more commercial, sometimes tacky, touristy feel of the Bastille area or the institutional monumentalism of western Paris. The hotel was clean, well maintained and the staff cheerful and helpful ( all those at the reception spoke English). The room in the hotel was small (more amply proportioned people may find it, and certainly the cosy lift, a tight squeeze) but adequately equipped (small TV with BBC, mini-bar useful for keeping a bottle of wine) and had nice street views - we stayed on the third floor overlooking Rue Lacepede and enjoyed evenings sipping wine sitting by the window. The bathroom was fine with a powerful shower and efficient mixer taps. It could get hot in summer but we did not find the humdrum street noise from the open windows a problem except briefly on the Saturday night when there was a fight outside the nearby Irish bar, The Iron Bell. The boulangerie opposite and the better known Boulangerie de Monge were both great to pick something up for lunch and also check out the morning market in Place Monge.. For dinner it is hard to beat the restaurants along the Rue Mouffetard and the streets off - under E40 for a three course meal for two with a carafe of wine and coffee - and Cafe ZigZag on Rue Varlet near the Pantheon is a good place for a night cap.

good hotel but! Stayed for 5 nights, no idea of the cost as my company picked up the tab.The hotel is dated but had everything you need for this kind of break.Breakfast could of been better, best tip is eat elswhere.Staff were very good except for the bar staff who rarely smiled, expected tips, which I know is custom but surely you still need to give good freindly service ! the only one that showed good manners was Jerry. The bar waiting staff deserved the tips [which they did get] far more than the servers.The pool and gym area was a great place to relax and wind down in the sun.Rooms to Brit standards were good, roomy and great air con. Bathrooms were dated but did the job.All in all a good hotel in a good location but I do think you could do better.

well worth the good reviews Myself, wife and 22 year old Daughter stayed here for 5 nights from April 30th in a 2x double bedded room. [1028] Very clean good size room, small useful kitchen area, great coffee maker, but no kettle for tea, good size fridge and microwave. Bathroom small but clean, good hot water, good shower, clean good towels every day.There are four lifts, two in the centre and one at each end of the corridors.Check in was easy we arrived at 12.30 pm and they had a room ready.We had breakfast on the first morning and wish we had,nt the 'hot' food was cold after complaining they only charged us for a continental about 13 dollars each, don't eat here instead, turn left out of the hotel, cross over 8th avenue and eat at the Pigalle,on 8th ave under the Days Hotel, far better food,service and price, we even eat there twice in the evening, great French type food at a good price.This hotel is in a great location, shops, bars, subway stations, restaurants all around, book it with confidence

Service standards need urgent attention!! My wife and I stayed here for 3 nights at the end of February as part of our 50th wedding anniversary celebrations. How fortunate that we were due to cruise on Queen Mary 2 for the next 10 nights; and what a contrast in the standards of service!! Only one clerk on duty at reception in a 667 room hotel! A request for a possible upgrade was met with a brusque negative. The hotel had been informed in advance of the occasion but we were given a very basic room about as far from an elevator as you could get. No account was taken of my wife's mobility problemsand a promised room change never materialised. The room keys we were given didn't work so we stood in the corridor waiting for assistance. Reception would send someone up straightaway but 15 minutes later no-one had arrived. A bell boy eventually arrived with our luggage and used his master key to let us in; but we still did not have any keys for the room.The information folder said that breakfast was available in the restaurant until 11.30 am. Going down at 10.15 we were told that the buffet would close at 10.30 and we had better hurry. Sure enough the shutters on the buffet were brought down prematurely at 10.27 and the waiting staff couldn't get us out of the place quickly enough in order to set the tables for lunch. A very bad impression and very misleading information in the room.On the next two mornings we breakfasted at a nearby diner where the food and service were superior and at about 1/3rd of the price.The rooms are larger than average for New York and the location is good with easy access to the lovely Brooklyn waterfront and good subway connections to Manhattan. It is also a short taxi ride to the Brooklyn Cruise Terminal. But the management of the hotel needs to get its act together.We have stayed in at least a dozen other Marriotts in USA from San Diego to Las Vegas and this was our worst experience by far.

Great Rooms, Great Price, City Neighborhood At first we were skeptical, based on the reviews here, but everything else was booked solid (Oracle OpenWorld was in town, bringing 43,000 guests.)It's a hotel in a city. Yes, there are homeless, there are people asking for money, there are fire trucks and people arguing in the street late at night. Maybe I'm different, but I expect this in a city. It's the same experience at the 39-story Marriott. If you don't want it, don't book a hotel in the city.The hotel itself was spotless, as was the room. The beds were comfortable, and the morning coffee excellent. I stayed on the fourth floor, and while there was noise from the street, it wasn't bad, in my opinion, and was exactly what I would expect being in the city.The attached restaurant, Farmer Brown had wonderful food, good drinks and a friendly waitstaff. It's more expensive than Dennys, but much better.Overall, a wonderful experience and I would recommend it to anybody looking to stay in the area.

Great Hotel, Friendly Staff, and VERY VERY Clean Rooms We stayed in the hotel for 3 nights and the experience was fantastic. The people at the receptionist desk were outstanding. They greeted us by our names and took great care of us. The rooms were ultra clean, great amenities, and quiet area! The hotel is located only a block from the metro making it so easy to get to the heart of Paris in less than 15 min. We had a great experience with this hotel and will for sure stay again here at this hotel! Happy Holidays everyone!

Napoleon on Kent - a place to consider Apartment room

good base Park hotel and base of TV tower

Great location Stayed here during the worst snow storm to hit New York in recent history, therefore were somewhat limited in movement.Found the hotel to have a great location, and the facilities to be quite good. room was sizeable and views are excellent.The restaurant is quite good and the staff very helpful

Central "Up Market "Sydney Hotel Hilton Lobby

Nice Hotel Nice room, Clean, Up to date. Would stay at again. Is right next to China Town.

Can't wait to return. This property is superb! This was our second visit, and the reservations department had our file up and our preferences in place.I do wish that there was an additional place to eat breakfast or dinner on the grounds. The lines were longer than I expected, even with reservations.

Dirty carpeting I just stayed three nights at this hotel on a Tauck Tour. Room 265 was a superior double which means low end of a double room. Room compact and decorated in dark olive green which made it seem even smaller. NIce bathroom but no stall shower. Beige carpeting had an unbelievable amount of dark stains like shoe polish smuges. Asked to have room changed; hotel wouldn't, as they claimed they were all booked up. I was told the carpeting would be cleaned the next day. THIS NEVER HAPPENED.The buffet breakfast, buffet lunch and set dinner menus were skimpy and not worthy of a deemed five star property. Public areas are five star as is the location. Room gets a three star at most, food gets a one star.

Fine experience, so-so location This is a fine property, but not a luxury hotel. Services are very limited. Our room in the back was huge, light and lovely, though the bath was very small. The air conditioning was barely adequate. The front desk people were polite, but not particularly helpful. They would do nothing to help when my wife was too ill to go out to dinner and we wanted to bring dinner in, though a kind bellman got us a table and dishes. While the location is convenient, the area in the vicinity of the hotel is dull, with very few restaurants and shops. The Duomo is only a 5 minute walk, however. The price we paid, 205 euros, seemed high given the limited service at the hotel. The square was lovely to look at but mostly quiet. We did not experience it as seedy. We would return to this hotel and recommend it, but would check other possibilities first.

Great Hotel I stayed 4 nights and found the Hotel excellent in all respect. Would recommend anyone who would like to stay at this hotel. I read the previous reviews on this hotel and regret they are all wrong reviews and false propaganda. I found the Hotel excellent and the staff provided me good service during my stay. The hotel is also well centrally situated in Maimi.

Great family hotel, excellent location Lounge area in 1 bed suite

Spend your money elsewhere A great looking hotel with excellent beaches and amenities, complemented by rude and incompetent staff, disgusting food, cheap and lousy drinks and inadequate service. We had a group of 21 people stay at this hotel. Upon arrival, we were greeted by hotel staff who managed to unload our luggage and leave it in the rain. The front desk attendants did not have a clue as to what they were doing and managed to give everyone incorrect room assignments. Many members of our group were young adults who requested rooms with two beds, however, every single room we were assigned had a king size bed. Also, several of the people in the group were elderly, and despite the fact that our travel agent requested first-floor rooms for them, they were inconveniently assigned rooms on the third floor. The resort, meanwhile, does not have elevators. It took us another 3 hours of arguing to get all room assignments corrected for the group, and as a result, all of the rooms were scattered throughout the resort premises, making it difficult to stay as a group.After being assigned rooms, several of our group members had to endure waiting for an hour until their maid cleaned their room. This should have been done prior to the handing out of room keys as it is the customary assumption that once the room key is given to the occupant, the room should be ready for habitation. Other group had wet floors, causing one of the people to slip and fall, hitting his back, head and arm. Upon filing of an official report with the hotel, we did not hear from any management, and were in fact told that management was too busy to address the injury.On the first night, the entire hotel was without air conditioning, making rooms feel like saunas because of the humidity and the heat. The air conditioning was fixed on the second day of our stay, however, no apologies were offered to us for this horrible inconvenience. Eating choices were very limited at best. All buffets had the same food options and I qualify any of these items even as mediocre plain crap. Badly prepared meat, no fruits, liquid ice cream, etc. Soft drinks are handed out by staff only, making the wait for a simple coca cola upwards of a half hour. We visited three restaurants Italian, Japanese and French. Italian venue was so amazing that we decided to hit buffet afterwards. Japanese had a tolerable hibachi-style show with decent food. The service was superior to that of any other place we visited until then. The restaurant highlight was the fact that they had sake. On the third try (French), our group finished a bottle of vodka before they served us, so food did not taste that bad. Hint: The only way to enjoy food in this hotel is to get drunk beforehand (Strongly recommend to stock up in duty-free before boarding as hotel lacks anything even remotely drinkable). I have to agree beach is excellent. Sand, water, weather The pools were nice. The club was okay on the first night, however, arriving there on the second and third nights, and hearing the same exact music and CD playing got annoying very quickly. Since there were no other entertainment options other than the club, our group could basically recite all the words to every song by day four of our stay.

An Exceptional Stay We arrived at the Omni after a 10.5 hour flight from the UK and I'm pleased to say the positive comments made by others on the hotel were accurate and we relaxed in comfort.Check in was hassle free, staff in general extremely courteous (especially the doormen). The two concierge we dealt with were very useful regarding transport and finding places to dine in the evening. The room aspect of the stay was very pleasant - a wide variety of channels (around thirty), a comfortable bed (although I found the pillows massive and prefer shallower ones rather than deeper ones) but got round this by sleeping on the very edge of them. View was of Disney Concert Hall and very interesting. Despite a large variety of business traffic on weekdays the room remained very quiet within. Bathroom nice, very clean with nice products. The rooms are furnished with desk, small coffee table and small sofa but are certainly not the most elaborate I have stayed in - but, very clean and functional. Lifts, hallways and lobby were all exceptionally clean and adequately decorated. Gym is good with a wide variety of equipment and pool is nice - a shame the towering skyscrapers around the property don't allow much sun to it - so is quite cool even on hotter days. We rented a car from concierge one day and it arrived on time and was a good rate. About $70 a day + fuel for a 22/23 year old with extra insurance coverage for younger drivers.If I was being very critical of this hotel I would say it's weakest point is the location. Although it is a five minute walk to the 720 bus to Santa Monica and the 16 To Beverly Centre, after dark there is the very little to do and what restaurants there are, are pretty expensive. The Daily Grill to name one was pricey with terrible service (I think it's on 6th St). Try the KooKooRoo opposite the hotel (out back door of Level Two, its very affordable and does a nice variety of chicken and sides for about $6 a person - we found it excellent. It was NBA off season but, during the season you could get the hotel car (Lexus) to take you to the Staples Centre (5 mins by car away) which would give you something exciting to do.Travel wise to Santa Monica it's about a 60 min journey + 20 in rush hour, to Beverly Centre/The Grove about 30-40 mins (bus journey).I would definately stay in this hotel again but, maybe tempted to locate to a hotel nearer B.Hills/The beaches if you don't want longer bus journeys to the stereotypical attractions. As a downtown business venue it is second to none. OVERALL I WOULD RATE THIS HOTEL EXCELLENT!

Pretty nice, needs some work I had a small business meeting here at the end of April. I am a Hilton Honors member and was pleasantly surprised that I received and upgrade beyond belief! I had a suite on top of a hill and it was so spacious that I was flabbergasted. That is the good news...the bad news is that finding the room was more than a tad difficult. The outside lighting is poor, the streets are not really streets (more like alleys) and the room I was in (26 something) was in building number 25...go figure. The place is not ADA compliant so I had to hike up to my room hauling my wheeled luggage behind me. I called my wife and told her that I did not work out on the trreadmill that day but got a workout just hauling the bag up to the room! The cell phone did not work in the room so I ran up a small bill using the hotel phone. The food was excellent at the lunch and breakfast I had and the people were very nice. I would go here again but I would have my bag delivered.

krappy krasnopolsky The hotel is ABSOLUTELY not five star.The lobby and dining areas are above average but the bedrooms.are way too small,virtually no closet space,and what's up with those heating pipes banging and groaning all night long.Good thing we brought ear plugs....Great location but not enough to sell me for our next trip to beautiful Amsterdam........

All the reviews are accurate! We just returned from 8 nights at this hotel. After reading all the glowing reviews and finding a special Expedia rate for $150/night US, including taxes and fees, I didn't bother to look further. What a good choice.The hotel is beautifully modern, rooms are spacious and comfortable, and during a hot summer week, the air conditioning worked flawlessly. We did not go for the upgrade since we were gone all day every day.The staff could not have been more friendly or courteous or helpful. The hotel is around the corner from the main shopping St. in Berlin, and a 5 minute walk to one of the main subway stations in Berlin which is also the drop off point for the X9 express bus from Tegel International Airport - a 20 minute ride for 2.1 euros.When asked for some restaurants within walking distance, the staff sent us @15 minutes walking to a beautiful, tree lined, traffic free, extremely quiet neighborhood with choices for excellent German, Italian, and French - all witin a few short blocks of eachother - and all reasonably priced.I could go on and on. There is simply nothing not to like here!

Great views We stayed here for the last night of our honeymoon and were very pleasantly surprised. The young lady in registration kindly upgraded us to the concierge level with its spectacular views of Miami Beach. The room itself was average and the $24 parking fee absurd. But the exhibitionist woman in the hi-rise condo across the street more than made up for it!!

"Very Nice, But Not Extraordinary" My wife and I spent a three day weekend in New Orleans and had the opportunity to stay at the Windsor Court. My sense is New Orleans books few conventions during September because of hurricanes, so we got a very nice price at this celebrated hotel. Our first visit.A nice welcome upon checking in and an upgrade to a small suite! Wonderful. Avoided the hotel parking fee of $30+ a day by parking one block away in an open air lot on Poydras Street. Later in the day, I told the front desk that the air conditioning was not working well in the bedroom and they agreed to fix it while we were out for dinner. Upon returning, I noticed that the thermostat was turned down, but really no solution to this problem during the entire weekend. The next morning, it was very nice to sit in the court area of the lobby with their complimentary coffee. And I was able to choose from five morning newspapers on their rack. (Sipping my coffee and reading the Financial Times in the Windsor Court that morning made me think that I actually had money! And then I came to.)A couple of other negatives. The toliet did not work well, and generally required two/three flushes. The television is in a box and can be rotated for viewing from bedroom or living room, but it is clunky and needs to be replaced by a flat TV. Another reviewer talked about the lack of ice on each floor and yes, it was irritating. I had expected to pay for Internet, but it was complimentary. A terrific gin and tonic in the Polo Bar. The Windsor Court is in a very good location. Next September, check the prices at this hotel. My price was about 70% less than their normal rate. Classy place.

A fine hotel We began our Elbe River cruise with 3 days at the Concorde in Berlin. There were no disappointments. The hotel is worthy of 4 to 5 stars. It's location is not the most convenient for the tourist sights but is very close to the Underground station. Then rooms are clean and well appointed The staff is polite and well trained. The breakfast is awesome. What more can we say? A bit pricey, but so is all of Berlin. We would probably not stay again but only because of the location.

Well worth it We returned on 1/28 from a week at Grand Paradise and had a very nice week all in all. If you lower your standards a bit and remember this is the Caribbean, and have some good weather, you'll have a good vacation. Here are some comments pro and con.ROOM: Spacious,clean,bare floors,clean,poorly lit for night time reading, good TV selection, fridge stocked with Cokes,Sprite and water at no charge, adequate closet space, inadequate drawer space, enough toweling. TIP: ask for 2 keys. The power is kept on in the room with a key in a slot. Take the key when you leave the room and the room is hot when you return.BEACH: Beautiful,clean,water is rough on occassion since this is the Atlantic, few pesty vendors now located in an area just off the grounds,good water sports, plenty of chairs,lots of shade. Music always playing but we've heard worse. Plent y of towels and chaises. The pool area is pretty with some shade. There is a bar close to the pool and beach. TIP: before breakfast go to the beach or pool,pick out your spot, put books,towels, etc on the chairs then go to breakfast. Do it every morning, so you won't have to hunt around. every day.FOOD: Not gourmet but better than passable. Breakfast is just fine with a very fast egg station. The buffet has some good food at every meal. The pastries were very good. I'm picky and I was more than satisfied. There are five specialty restaurants. Chinese was the best. Italian,disappointing...fair food poor service. The La Cana Grill was good. We didn't go to the Seascape or the Dominican. TIP: The sign up for specialty restaurant reservations is a pain. 10:30 to 3. Do it right away if you check in before three to insure your choices. You are entitled to 3 specialties for each week.Entertainment: Every night but awful depending on your level of experience. We are admittedly spoiled. Some talent but repeticious. There is the usual audience participation stuff before every show. The 9:45PM start in too late for our taste.They have a small room with slot machines,pool tables.hockey and snacks. There is a small casino in the hotel next door with slots,black jack,roulette, and poker. A 6 dollar cab fare which the will reimburse for coming but not returning to your hotel. The day time activities are the usual...volley ball etcStaff: very friendly and helpful. The ladies in the gift shop are a little sour. Too busy talking to one another. TIP: bring some room snacks if you enjoy them. I will not pay $2.00 for a Milky Way.Shopping: There is a small shopping area within walking distance for local arts and crafts. TIP: wait until you get back to the airport for cigarettes ($22) and liquor.Tours: forget it. The roads are terrible. We took the tour to the island beginning with an SA,(I forget the name), it was not worth the $85 p.p. to travel a total of 4 hours for a beach no nicer than the one at the hotel.To sum up, the Paradise is better than ok for what you pay. We would go back but not in a hurry. ENJOY

Great Hotel, great employees This is the third time I've stayed at this great hotel. The staff is friendly, the restaurant (menu recently upgraded) is clearly above average and the housekeeping is excellent. The front desk manager, Michelle Theodule, takes great care in making sure your stay is problem-free. I highly recommend the Newport Beachside for all the above reasons, not the least of which is employees like Ms. Theodule. I look forward to visiting again.

Nice enjoyable stay We visited Florence and stayed at the La Fortezza for 6 nites between 31 July to 5 Aug. 2007. The staff were friendly and helpful - the check in was swift as the room was ready for us - and it was clean and cool - just what was needed after a journey. We asked them to pre- book the Uffizi gallery tickets and when we got back from touring in the evening, we were presented with our number which we took to collect and pay for our pre-booked tickets which eliminated the need to queue to get in. On the last nite before leaving the next day as it was going to be Sunday, we asked for the receptionist to book a taxi to collect and drop us/luggage at the SMN station fo our onward journey to Pisa.The room and surrondings were always clean .In the room we were provided with the usual supply of towels and complimentary basket of soap, body lotion, shoe shine sponge etc. The breakfast was also fine and consists of tea, coffee, cereals,yougurts, fruit salad, juice etc.- there was nothing cooked as such but we were grateful to have something to eat before setting off for the day.There are several places outside which we could buy a proper cooked breakfast if we needed to.Overall. it was an excellent stay as there is not one complaint to make of the hotel staff or facilities. I find cluelessreview here as hard to believe ..it had me worried as to what kind of hotel will be going to ...but I am so glad it an excellent place to stay where The hotel staff were always willing to serve us as thier visitors.

Only place to stay on Oahu My family (ages 13,12,9) just returned from an outstanding 1 week stay at the Kahala. It was outstanding in all respects. We'll hopefully be coming back very soon.A bit of history - wanting to visit Pearl Harbor and other Oahu sights, I booked a room at the Hyatt on Wakiki. Even having lived on Kauai for 2 years, I didn't recalled my brief visits to Oahu that Wakiki was hawaiian for ZOO. The Hyatt itself was very nice, clean, very helpful staff. But everytime I walked out I wondered what was I thinking?. If I just had to be on Wakiki - the Moana Surf Rider across the street was beautiful and at least had some roped off beach area for guests only.So we drove out the Marriott (both the time-share and J.W.). This would be my 2nd choice, but it's a long way away and didn't seem to be much else around. But a beautiful facility, nothing like theKahala, but very family friendly and the lagoons are indeed unique.Back to the Kahala -- I went to the Kahala and from the moment I drove up I thought 'now this is more like it'. While only about a 15-20 minute drive from Wakiki, it was a 1000 miles away it seemed. It is an absolutely beautiful hotel at the end of the road. Very private. (while all beaches in Hawaii are 'public', the location of this beautiful beach that the hotel fronts had only hotel guests). The staff was outstanding, wonderful swimming beach with swim platform (the beach is sheltered by an offshore reef), especially the Plumeria Restaurant was outstanding (the other 'signature' restaurant was very nice but for the money I've had better -- try the original Roy's which is about 15mins. away). While we didn't do the Dolphin experience (Dolphin Quest is on site) - we certainly enjoyed watching the others interact.I have never been an Oahu fan. My family has lived in Kauai for 2 years and been many times to Maui (Grand Wailea, Kei Lani and Hyatt on Kannapali) and Big Island (Kona Village and Hilton Waikaloa) -- We all agreed that the Kahala was our favorite. No, it's doesn't have the large elaborate pools w/slides and water falls -- but the charm, location, staff attentiveness, beach, private feeling nature, etc.. was what to us a Hawaiian vacation was all about.By the way -- this was the end of a 3 week vacation where we stayed again at the Hilton Waikola on Big Island(too large and the cute little boats get really old after a while) and Grand Wailea on Maui (spectular loby, and a really beautiful hotel. But too big and just too many people lining up at 7am each morning to get shade chairs around the pools (which I admit my children loved -- but tired of after a while).p.s. the Kahala has speicials , and even their standard rooms, make it very competitive with Wakiki hotels. GO! You won't be disappointed. I've checked ok to contact if you want more discussion. /ap

RUN DOWN HOTEL Yes, this hotel is in a great location, but beware of a hotel that is long overdue for a rehab. At first the lobby is very nice, so you expect the room to be nice, but when we walked in the room you could smell mold. The carpet needs to be replaced and the walls have been painted over many times. The A/C is a small unit in a window of the bedroom which does not cool down the living room. I left the A/C unit on to keep the room cool, but the staff turns it off after they clean, so when you get back to your room after a long day the room is hot and smells. The bathroom is very small and needs to be re-done. The sink is 6 inches away from the toilet. I know the hotel is an old building, but put a little money into your rooms to make them half way decent. I dont know what others saw in this hotel!

A Charming hotel with a great staff This hotel is located in a great location. The hotel staff was so helpful to us (Anne). We forgot some medication in Venice and Anne called the hotel in Venice to have it DHL'ed directly to the Porta Frenza the next day. You are only a few minutes away from the city center and the train station. The hotel made our honeymoon a special occasion with their great service. Towels and sheets are changed everyday. The only downside was the pillows were to flat, but thats all I can say that is negitive about this hotel. They do have a garage if you are planing on driving to Tuscan towns. If we ever go back to Florence we will stay there. We stayed in four hotels in Italy and this was by far the best.

Fair Good The Hotel is as follows: Location: Its really hard to find it, almost all taxi drivers refuse to go as the address is not that descriptive, and the location is some how hidden, you need to tell them to drop you on the Shatan Street which is near to the Forbidden City Wall. then u can walk it from there. Location is inside a Local Street Poor alittle, with Some Fruit/Vegtable Markets and 2 small supermarket (incase you want to buy water ). you should consider always haveing the hotel card in ur pocket. Room: Fair Good as i advised, they have free internet but i just knew this when i was leaving as there is not sign saying free internet!!Bathroom is small but enough for a 3 Star hotel, and Beds were fair enough for havin a sleep , Street is quiet @ night. Breakfast: is the worst thing ....its from 7-9, and usually if you got there @ 8 , you will find everything is almost finished ...they dunt re-fill! Anyway, i just spend 3 days so i was not really suffering as most of the time i was out of the room. i just used it for sleeping.

Nice room on 11th floor Wedding on the beach

Not as expected... It was our honeymoon...we were told we had our own part of the pool attached to the room. Our honeymoon suite didn't mean for honeymooners. All it meant was it was on the lower level with no concrete between you and the pool. The room was DIRTY and had many ants. It took 3 requests to clean the bedsheets. They told us they were, but they just folded the sheet over. The cig burns let us know they were the same sheets. The 3rd and final time, they found them in the hallway! They finally got the point! It just wasn't what we were expecting...The food was pretty good, there were 7 places to choose from. Dress code (no shorts or bermuda) is required at 3 of them, not including the breakfast buffet. You could go for dinner and literally order 3 meals per person. If you wanted to sample things.The pool was big, but crowded especially with children. Punta Cana is a great place to visit. It is still being heavily developed. We won't go back for a while, but we will eventually return. Take cash because the front desk only had cash on check in day. I would recommend tipping with cash 1 or 2 bucks here and there even though it is all included. Your service is much better and they will come pool side to serve you more often.

Best Island vacation We just got back from Punta Cana Resort Club last night and as always its time to write a review. I am an Airline Pilot and use trip advisor for other peoples opinions on our winter vacations. We brought our 2 children and our Nanny. When we go on vacation with the Nanny she is there for vacation not work. The grounds where spectacular. The resort is very clean. We stayed in building 5 on the first floor. It was a good building to be in because it was close to everything. My wife raved about the beach. We typically take a winter vacation somewhere warm every year and almost always end up in the Carribbean. The beach is a long, never crowded stretch of sand that is easy to find shade. I will say this, bring your sunscreen!! My wife is a dermatologist and we had a hard time keeping from getting sunburned! The one negitive we had was if you forgot something from home get ready to pay..Prices where quite steep for sundries..I paid $28.00 for a 5 oz. tube of sunscreen. The beer (Presidante) is about $5.00 drinks are typical Island drinks and are also around $5.00. My kids are 5 and 3. All they need is a pool and playground, this place had both. There was a supervised kids program, but since a family vacation we did take part. Food was above average. We have been to the typical Club Med, Sandals thing and the food was better. Buffet style with good selection. They also have 4 other restaurants availible. we tried the seafood and italian above the lobby. These were very good! we mostly went to the buffet so we sould not bother other guests with the kids, but when we did go up there it was quiet and the kids did well. I am a golfer and got to play 3 rounds. The golf course is wonderful. Pete Dye designed it and he did a wonderful job It streches out to 7159 yards and the conditions were excellent! they broke ground this winter on another 18 designed by Tom Fazio. The club owns the international airport so all of the flight crews stay at the resort. For this to happen the airlines have to periodaclly check the resort for food and water contamination for safety sake..We did not drink the water in the rooms, but had it at the restaurants and ice in drinks and we all did fine. The staff did a great job. Reading some of the other reviews made me worry a little bit, but I could tell while we were at the resort some people are made to argue. We see them at the airport everyday. All in all a great family vacation and we will be back next year!! Any questions I can answer, email me at FRTDOG540@aol.com

Great Vacation! I have written reviews on Punta Cana before, so I feel I have to do one on this property. One word, Perfect! I can give you a fair opinion on the overall property because we stayed in both the Reserve rooms and the regular Jr. Suites on the same trip. I have a 5 yr old and 7 year old and they both had a blast! There are tons of activities for both the kids and adults. We went back to Punta Cana because of the ease of getting there from the East Coast, and the properties. I am an Airline Pilot and we go to one of these all inclusive things each year for the kids spring break. This by far tops all the other AI's we have been to. The food was excellent! Not only the buffets, but the a la carte restaurants were awesome.What we really liked was the variety and the healthy choices you could make (or not!!) We ate at the steak house, Japanese, and the new Vento in the Reserve section of the hotel. The Jr. Suite room is where we stayed the first 3 nights. It was very nice, typical Caribbean room. It was a good size, clean, and the bathroom was fine. The air worked well and the TV had a lot of US channels. Our Nanny came down for 3 nights into our trip and we could not get rooms near each other on the property, so I elected to upgrade to the Reserve rooms (Reserve is the newest section of the property. It was opened Xmas '07) The rooms were spectacular! There were 2 flat screen TV's in it, a very good size Jacuzzi and well appointed bathroom. The upgrade was $50.00 a night and was well worth it! If I would have known earlier in our trip I would have done it! The property is HUGE! The kids club is up in the new section. We do not typically leave the kids in a kids club on family vacations, however they wanted to check it out and they loved it! It was fun for us, as we got to play tennis or workout when they were up there. The pools are great! The ones in the reserve section were quiet and it was easy to find a hut or chair. My wife is a dermatologist, so finding shade is a must! We love the beach, but we are the dumb looking ones all covered up!! We loved the fact that if we wanted to head down to the beach, it was a good 10 minute walk and we were getting lots of foot time,although they have golf carts that come by a lot and will take you any where you want to go...The people could not be nicer! I think like in anything else the nicer you are, the more out of the way folks will go for you..The property has a vacation club. The workers will ask you if you want to go to a 1 hour session and they will give you some kind of certificate for it. we declined and we were not asked again on our trip. I played golf on their course which is about 15 minutes away and was pleasantly surprised in the course. They don't charge you greens fees, just for the cart which I think was around $30.00 US. They bus you over there and pick you up. You have to make a reservation 24 hours in advance I wanted to play that afternoon and when I inquired at the PR desk and they told me to go get my clubs and I could get the bus in an hour. I also went over to Cap Cana to play and it was the nicest course I have played on worldwide. It was in perfect shape and the views are spectacular! Check it out on TV the week of March 31, The Champions Tour is there for the first time and I think they will love the course. It is about a 30 minute ride over there. Overall, a great experience, great family vacation, and we will be back!!

Great location!! When I booked with Hotwire, I knew that this was a brand new hotel in a location in Boston that was a little unfamiliar to me. It turned out to be close to everything-the North End, Quincy Market and the Common. The subway (South Station)is a block away which made it very convenient as we were traveling by the T only. The hotel was luxurious and the room spacious and beautiful. The bathroom was large and elegant. The staff was professional and very helpful. The one downside is that we would not have been able to stay there if I had booked with the hotel directly because the rooms are quite expensive. Overall, it was a pleasant stay in a great area overlooking Boston Harbor.

Great location!! Stayed here in August. Within walking distance to everywhere especially the North End. Quality restaurants are nearby also. The hotel staff was very helpful and friendly. The rooms were very clean and the bed comfortable. Great place to stay if your have someone at Mass General Hospital- it is a block away. I will stay there again on my next trip to Boston!

Great but expensive This hotel is everything you expect from a Hilton. The rooms are big and clean, the staff are helpful and friendly. And the location is excellent. There is a shuttle bus that runs to City Walk at Universal (which is where the theme park is and then a strip where there are tons of bars, restaurants, cinema etc) very frequently which is complimentary.If you want to do the usual tourist things then a car is not needed if you are staying here as you can use the bus to Universal or the subway station is a short walk away (up and down a very steep hill though!) on which the walk of fame is just one stop away.

Convenient, small but ideal for a few days I've used this hotel a number of times for many years and find it very convenient for a few days. Yes, it is small but 'upgrading' to a superior room can help, although that can mean a cost not far off something like the Keio Plaza Hotel.If you need to work west from Tokyo, the Seibu Shinjuku line is right beneath the hotel (and not noisy unless you get a low room). This line is ideal for Tanashi and Tokorozawa towns but gives you the benefit of living in the nightlife of Tokyo.Staff are friendly and speak reasonable English; restaurant is not exactly gourmet but passable and the bar on the top floor is OK and gives a good view.

Reccommend the Alba Just got back from our city break in Florence where we stayed 3 nights in the 3 star Hotel ALBA. It's an ideal place to stay for a few days. The hotel has undergone a complete refurbishment. Our room on the first was immacualate, well fitted and well equipped. The breakfast room is delightful. it sits in the courtyard of the hotel with a glass atrium overhead and a glass elevator to the upper floors sited in one corner. The hotel is about 3/400 yards from the station and all the main sights are walkable. We paid for 3 nights(mon,tues,wed) and including a good continental breakfast table. Great value for money, highly reccommended.

Wonderful stay I would definetly recommend Hotel Alessandra. The staff is most helpful, and so, so friendly. They set up our reservations for museums, recommended restaurants, and arranged an amazing day tour of Pisa, Lucca, and (the best) winery tour.The rooms are clean and bright. The location is excellent, near the Uffizi and other attractions, yet off the beaten path away from crowds.

uh, tired hotel Facade is inviting....great location. Value OK but I'd not stay again. I travel 200M miles a year..stay in tons of hotels. This not a repeat. Room tired....bad bathroom caulking, tired bed, pillows, bedcover, carpet tatty...pass on it if you can.

Yes! Stay Here! GREAT room service. Nice rooms. Quiet. Very modern. Super location 4 mins walk from Shibuya station - although super hard to find if taking train from Narita (45 mins) then to town, switching to another train to then walk to hotel.....you MUST take the bus right ot the hotel! Easy peasy.Overall hotel - killer. The bar at top is fantastic with awesome views.Stay here - a little more expensive but well worth it.

Bad value...at inflated holiday rates Stayed here for 7 nights during the New Year's Holiday. Staff could be friendly but not consistantly..... food good in restaurant but breakfast was skimpy and awful- as if they were holding back so they could save on costs. At Christmas we were paying over $300 a night for two rooms. Street was VERY LOUD - YOU MUST ASK TO SAY AWAY FROM THE STREET (over the entrance). A car alarm went off all night and they refused to call the police to do somethign about it. They refused to accept that the car was owned by a guest. It turns out the car was owned by a guest, who the next day heard about the problem was very non-chalant. The rooms were tired but clean - but not that comfortable. Beach was right there but wasn't that nice. It is a long drive to Old Town. This is how disappointed I was...I was there 11 months ago...I'm writing today.

One of the NYC Hotels That I've Been The location of this hotel was excellent, only one block from a subway station and a few blocks from the Times Sq. stop. I had a king size room on the 12th floor. The bed was amazingly comfortable with lots of pillows and a douvet. I liked the big walk-in shower, glsss doors, seat in the shower. This is not the postage stamp size bathroom in most NYC hotel rooms. The complimentary shoe shine service was professional. The room was very clean and comfortable, large plasma screen TV, and we had a great view from the window. Yje lobbies are funky and tasteful. The staff were helpful and friendly throughout our stay.

Comfortable, Clean, Fine, and Friendly I just returned from staying at the Hotel Miramar. The rooms are large and very clean. Each has a fridge and counter space. The commplimentary breakfast was excellent (eggs, ham, juice, coffee, toast). The front desk help were superb: friendly, efficient - the best. The bus stop for the 25 cent bus ride to old San Juan is one block away. The rooftop sun deck offers great views of the ocean and San Juan. The neighborhood is what I would call faded grandeur. It looks like it is trying to make a comeback.My only complaint is that it is not blocks to the ocean. Well, maybe it is, but you CANNOT walk there. The hotel is surrounded by highways.Not, it's not the Intercontinental, but for the price and the location, it's excellent.

Felt at home at du Cadran Personnel makes the difference...Great value for the price (was planning to stay there again in 2007 but I see they have increased the price).Small but nice rooms (what else is new in Paris?).

It is a good location but is it worth the money? Hotel Bedroom 1

Out of Amsterdam but good for visiting the city The proximity of the hotel to the railway into Amsterdam makes this a serious contender for any visit; when I stayed, it was impossible to get a room in a good hotel in the city. Rooms are well furnished if a little on the small side. No meals taken at the hotel.

Exceptional Hotel! We stayed at this hotel for three nights after having finished a cruise in Quebec and driven down through Vermont and New Hampshire for ten days, having stayed in several country inns.What a wonderful hotel! Great location in the Back Bay area of Boston. Right on the corner of Boylston and Exeter, very close to the subway and within walking distance of downtown. Very close to Newbury Street with lots of shopping and restaurants. One block from the Prudential Center.Our room (819) was spacious, impeccably clean with large bathroom and a walk-in cloakroom with safe and a large flatscreen TV which was welcome in the evenings to see the latest financial and election news!!The check-in and concierge staff could not have been more helpful as was the rest of the service. Every evening a maid came round with an optional turn-down service, complimentary water and cookies.The hotel also has complimentary internet facilities and Wi-fi and a state of the art gymnasium for those with the energy to spare.We use the hotel restaurant but we did use the adjoining Irish Pub which belongs to the hotel. Great food and atmosphere at very reasonable prices. We did eat one evening at the Atlantic Fish Co. opposite the hotel which was very good and well worth it for the experience but it was fairly pricey.All-in-all, a really nice finish to our month-long stay in the USA. Will most definitely book again, well worth the money

Excellent Choice We stayed in this hotel for two nights pre-cruise on the strength of reviews on tripadvisor.Must say it was an excellent choice. We were travel weary when we arrived after a transatlantic flight and we requested a quiet room at the back. 'The staff at the check-in were most helpful and cheerful and gave us what we needed. The room was very comfortable and clean and had complimentary internet facillities in the room.It was an oasis from the buzz of the NY streets. Excellent location, within a stone's throw of Times square. Rick's cafe on the second floor welcomed us with complimentary wine and cheese.The staff at the front door were most helpful and really went out of their way to make our stay comfortable; they are to be complimented.Will certainly go back again.

Love the Metro We stayed at the Metro for five nights in February, having to extend one night because of flight cancellations from weather. The hotel was accomodating to our needs and charged a fair price despite our bind. The room was spotless and comfortable. The desk staff were lovely. Breakfast was abundant though not particularly innovative. The hotel is half a block from the nearest subway and convenient to all public transportation as well as being within walking distance of many tourist attractions.i will stay here again.

Excellent Hotel Just returned from months tour of Australia (on our Honeymoon). We stayed at the Travelodge Wynyard for 8 nights.Really is a 'value for money' hotel.The location is so perfect ,being 10 minutes from Darling Harbour, 15 from The Rocks and 10 minutes from Chinatown. As its practically next door to Wynyard Station. Which you can use from the Airport and Back. If you buy a sydney travel pass this train fare is included. The pass doesn't start until you use it within sydney town centre (so think about how many days you require)Hotel is off the same standard as our Travel Inns - so you know what to expect.There is a Coles Suppermarket located in Wynyard station for all your conveniences. If you need any advice whilst in sydney, then a visit to the sydney visitor centre in the rocks will sort you out.Have fun

Great Location, English Speaking, Great Value! We stayed at The Hotel Alsterhof between the 4th and 6th December, and spent the weekend in Berlin. It was fantastic. The Hotel was very good. Great great location, within walking distance of great shopping, xmas markets, the zoo, the main train station etc... and there is a U bahn station just outside the doorstep. When we checked in, there were candles all round the reception, they advised us that the hotel had no power between 1-6pm. We were out most of the afternoon anyway so it wasnt too much bother. When we returned however we were promised candles in our room by one receptionist and then it was not fulfilled. They didnt really know what to offer as light. They said we werent allowed candles. Im guessing because of fire or smoke risk however we were in a smoking room!? Anyway they eventually found us a flashlight that we had to use for an hour. The reception staff are fairly helpful, however do speak very good english. Our room was a lovely size, it was a double room, however two twin beds pushed together, however it didnt bother me. The bathroom was a nice size as well, with lovely bath and powerful shower. Everywhere was so clean and tidy. Just one tip for English people, the hotel does not have tea and coffee making facilities in the room and they also dont have english tea. closest you'll get is scented tea.As for breakfast, it was delightful. Lots of choice, we went down late both days so it was very busy so I would advise to go down earlier. On offer was Tea, coffee, fruit juices, Cereals, Bread and Rolls, Croissants, Pastries, Fruit Salad, Yoghurts, Dried Fruit, and Hot food including bacon, scrambled eggs, minced meat balls, boiled eggs, baked beans, and potatos. And to finish pancakes with maple syrup yum yum! You cant go far wrong with a breakfast like that to start the day.As for the evening the restaurant we found wasnt very popular with guests. It was very expensive in relation to some of the other eating places around but I guess it is a four star hotel. there was only 4 other people in the restaurant when we went in, so no atmosphere. If you want a great meal for next to nothing money, just turn out of the hotel and turn right. At the traffic lights turn right again and on the right hand side there is a restaurant called Toro Negro. Very busy, all candle lit, great atmosphere, great music. Its a spanish run place but they do all sorts of food. Pizza, pasta, mexican, tapas, Salads etc... We had Camebert, Large Rump Steak with Chips, Mozzerella and Herb pizza, 2 fantas, Crepes with icecream, 2 beers, and 1 wine and it came to 34 Euros! How cheap is that? The waitresses speak fairly good english as well. So overall the hotel was very good for what we paid for it, other than the electricity problem, we had a great time, and I would throughly recommend a stay in Berlin and a stay in this Hotel!

worst bed Ive slept on in a long time! The other reivews have covered the basics., the hotel is well placed for access to transport, the concierge is excellent and the staff in general are helpful and efficient. The hotel is well priced for what it is and the pool was delightful. The beds however were another story, they had to be the hardest I have experienced in a very long time, so hard that sleeping was very uncomfortable and in future would put me off staying here. SInce my stay I have been told that this is typical of hotels in Asian countries howver this is not my experience and the marriott in Singapore,, which I stayed at on a previous trip and although substantially more $ to me would have been a better buy for the better sleep. Sorry guys., your hotel is great, but your beds suck, I hope you can do something about them.

A wonderful hotel convenient to the heart of the city! This a jewel of a hotel in the heart of Barcelona. The hotel is modern with all ammenities including a roof top pool and gymnasium, a wonderful and reasonably priced restaurant, great front desk personnel and convenient to Las Ramblas. We stayed there for 3 nights from August 19-21, 2005. The room was a nice size, the bathroom was very modern and the decor up to date. Breakfast can be included for an additional charge. We felt that the cost was very reasonable given the ammenities and convenience. We highly recommend the hotel to visitors to Barcelona, a great city to visit.

Nice I stayed in the Alam kulkul in from Jan 29th. I was there with my girlfriend and we both had an amazing time. The Travel office was really good, because we were able to book a few tour throughout bali with them.The service was excellent and the staff were very freindly. The poolside bar came in very handy, they even came out to the back pool to send us food and drinks. the breakfast was also very good each morning.Kuta square is a fair walk (especially in the heat) but its not hard to get a taxi as they wait out the front of the hotel for you to come out, and thats on a 8,000rp trip which is nothing. otherwise you can just walk around the corner and your can see the shops in legain which are just as good.The location is really good as its located on the beach, and if you want to go for a quick swim its no stress to get back quickly to the hotel.Papa's cafe was excellent. Me and my girldfriend went there most nights as it was easy to get to and the food and staff were very nice. from Papa's you could go anywhere you want from there.This hotel was just what we were looking for.I have some photo's but i will put them up a bit later on.

Location Location Location.... Club Lounge

Excellent Club Service. I have recently returned from a three night extended weekend stay at the Intercontinental Hotel in Berlin. The hotel is very easy to find and is around a 10 minute walk from the Zoologischer Garten station. The taxi fare is around five euros.At check-in I was assigned a Club room which was a great touch as I am a platinum elite and Intercontinental Ambassador member of priority club.The hotel has two Club floors which are located in the newer East wing of the hotel. My deluxe club room was excellent and had two twin beds, two televisions and the bathroom was just beautiful with large tub and separate rain shower and of course, Molton Brown amenities. I also had a lovely letter from Guest Relations welcoming me back to the hotel. Turndown service was provided each evening.As my room was on the Club floor I also had exclusive access to the IC club lounge. The lounge offers complimentary internet access with one public computer for the sole use of club guests which was heavily used. Refreshments and snacks are available throughout the day. In the evening a self service cocktail bar is available with unlimited champagne, spirits, wine and beer together with a selection of evening The IC lounge has separate seating areas, dining area, magazines and newspapers. The lounge closes at 22:30.Breakfast was also provided in the lounge for Club guests. The breakfast was excellent including cold and warm choice.I also used the vitality club which is available to club guests. The gym is rather small with limited equipment and some free weights. The pool area is lovely and the wellness area with sauna,steam and relaxation areas is truly superb.Overall I had a great stay at the Intercontinental Berlin and loved the Club level service.

A Rough Start...but Recovered Everything we could say has been said...This hotel is a good value for the location.The management has taken great pains to make it pleasant in spite of its age.The heating system is poor, uneven and loud. Each room does have its own portable heater to get the temperature up.The manager aggressively addresses problems.

New and Wonderful! My son (18) and I stayed at the delightful Hotel Jazz for four nights in early August. The location is fabulous, the service excellent, and only the breakfast spread became somewhat tiresome... All subways stop nearby and you can get anywhere in the city from Pza Catalunya. Our room was modern and a nice size with all conveniences (great bathroom). rooftop pool was lovely, but contained some very unpleasant chemicals (anyway, you should just go the beach!). This is a new and swanky, boutique hotel and I believe it has restaurant plans. I think I would rather stay in a new hotel in the city and not be concerned about air conditioning or street noise that go with some of the older facilities. Barcelona is eminently walkable avoid the Ramblas after walking there once a map to navigate the old parts of the city.

It jst gets better This was our 3rd visit to this lovely HotelSandro Walter are always so helpful and make you feel instantly welcome. Nothing seems to be too much trouble to get the answer to any question or queryThe rooms are spotlessly clean and Breakfast in the courtyard is very Romantic.While we were there it was rather wet so it gave them a chance to try out their new covered area.It worked very well so even if it's wet you can still have their wonderful breakfast outside.I would recommend this hotel unreservedly from our experiences

Lovely place in a great location Our room

Superb We stayed in this amazing hotel for five days while on honeymoon in Singapore. Its probably the best hotel we have ever stayed in. Every element of our stay was perfect, we stayed in the garden wing and our room was excellent. Breakfast at the line restaurant is something truly special. Hotel is in a good location a 10 minute walk from orchard road and the staff are all so friendly and helpful. We wouldnt be back as soon as we can.

Stunning boutique hotel Excellent location in upmarket canalside area, yet only two minutes from the tram stop, and ten minutes' walk from the Dam. The clever linking of rows of traditional canalside houses into one hotel makes this more like a boutique property than a hotel owned by a multinational.. I can imagine that no two rooms could be the same. Certainly, mine was unique, off a landing with only two rooms, in the attic of one of the houses. Sloping ceiling right to the roof truss, gave the room a dramatic feel, and the fittings lived up to the room; polished oak floor, huge bed, flat screen television and a beautiful bathroom with power and hand showers.The dining area is broken into different rooms so that you are not staring across acres of space, and the buffet breakfast was superb, whether continental, Dutch or hot. (I recommend the Pancakes (crepes) with crispy bacon and mushrooms.)I found that the hotel fully lived up to everything I would expect of a luxury hotel, with the addition of unobtrusive good service, charm and character.

A little bit of Polynesia in the Caribbean Sivory in summary is the ultimate escape from all that ails you in this fast paced world of ours. I came here with my wife and I can highly recommend this to be the place for couples and families looking to re-connect/re-energize themselves without the help of a therapist.We both work and travel quite often and the wife and I needed a vacation to be with each other, to rekindle that youthful vigour we once had when we were younger. We sure found it at Sivory.At check in were greated with champagne and the cool scented towels of the the carribbean. Great start, especially with ease at check in and the attention paid to us by the whole welcome staff. The hotel manager was a quite charming fellow. The staff always seemed to know ahead of time of our needs...really cool. Not intrusive at all.We proceeded to our room...WOW! Impeccable. I am a bit OCD and need things clean and new. I had no problems here.This place got us away from the computers/TVs/phones/parties that would normally distract a romantic getaway. We walked along the private beach for a picnic lunch the hotel packed for us and had total seclusion (about 1/2 mile up from the hotel). This place is so conduscive to romance. The staff were super attentive. We never had to compete with other guests for attention. All our needs were met. For a bunch of foodies, we were impressed (8/10) with the food. Excellent food for the carribbean. I would call it a semi-gourment menu. With that said, take the all inclusive meal plan, it is so worth the price with food and wine and the rest...The spa services were excellent. The hands and the environment were great as well...a must do when you are there. The spa is a great place to spend the day as well.This hotel is great for honeymooners who are not looking for wild antics and just look for the peaceful seclusion we need. I highly recommend this is a well bargained priced (Ritz like in Santo Domingo) escape.

has become a HK classic I'm in HK very often on business and stay in a mid-range hotel (Bishop Lei, see entry in TripAdvisor) but this time a client paid for a couple of nights in the Shang. I used to stay there many years ago when, after the Asian crisis, rooms were about the same price as the Bishop Lei is now! The Island Shang always used to feel very brash and arriviste compared with the grandes dames of the Oriental and the Peninsular, but it's matured well and has become a real classic. The service, in particular, is off-the-scale attentive, practical, polite, and effective, as only the Hongkies and the Swiss deluxe hotels can pull off.The decor is dress to impress chinoiserie, like it or hate it, but it has scale and grandeur. All rooms are high floors (the middle of the building is offices) so even the Peak view (=rooms at the back) have great views. Nice bathrooms, not as high-tech as some super-5 star hotels, but big baths and plentiful toiletries including bath salts, a great touch. The rooms are big and comfortable, with big desks, and a kettle (hooray!). The minuses are that the internet is very expensive and rather idiosyncratic (had to re-log in every time I opened a new browser window), and the minibar is predictably outrageously priced.The pool was closed for a party one day, and closed for emergency cleaning the next (must have been quite the party!) but the Conrad's 25m pool is one minute's walk away and offered reciprocal usage. Room service was fast and good, and breakfast in the cafe was comprehensive, pleasing the highly cosmopolitan clientele (contrast the almost club-like concentration of middle-aged white men you'd find at breakfast in the Mandarin's Grill Room).But the main take-away is that this has matured into a really classy high-end hotel, with its own character. Paris Hilton becomes Judy Dench... well, not quite, but give it another quarter-century and it'll be there!

good value simple accommodation in central Sydney This is a basic, functional hotel in the city centre, well located for transportation and most business addresses. It's clean, well maintained, respectable, and has a very decent restaurant attached. There are no ancillary facilities that I'm aware of. The rooms are simple but with a kettle to make tea/coffee, and (expensive but quite good) internet connection. It's on a busy street but the window insulation seems to be fairly effective in keeping out the noise.It's good value for money - I've stayed in many different city centre hotels in Sydney in this price bracket, and this is one of the better ones.Part of the cost efficiency clearly comes from having a small staff headcount, so be prepared for delays if you're unlucky with the timing of your check in or check out.

un-Japanese glitz! This is one of those jewel in the crown hotels. Part of the swank Roppongi Hills complex, it's wall-to-wall investment bankers, independent wealth, and their entourages. The cafe is the place for business breakfasts, the bars are the places to meet. The service is a perfect mix of Japanese courtesy and politeness, with international 5-star flexibility.The rooms are beautifully appointed, and the bathrooms wonderful.Of course you pay for all this, but if you can... you'll be pleased. The only negative I found was in the sports complex. While the gym entrance is free (or at least it was for my status with the Hyatt frequent-stay programme), use of the facilities within isn't. And when I used my training fins in the pool, the staff firmly told me not to, in case I hurt a small child. I was the only person in the pool at the time and this was clearly ridiculous. I was then doubly cheesed off to be charged separately to use the pool.But fundamentally this is a wonderful hotel, one of the world's best modern hotels.

your best bet for civilized budget accommodation in HK I'm in HK 6-7 times a year on business, and always stay at the BL (and have done for more than 4 years now, as have most of my work colleagues). The hotel is renovating their rooms which prompted this review. The rooms are small, Tokyo-sized, but clean and fairly well-maintained. The staff are professional and polite. The location is in the mid-levels, a residential neighbourhood, but only a 5 minute cab ride (or free shuttle) from the business area, or a 15 minute walk up or down the mid-levels escalator (a string of connected escalators that take you from office-land to sort-of-suburbia). The room rate is a fraction of the big-name hotels in town - not quite hostel-cheap, but very affordable. The internet is free and fast, and the beds are comfortable with good duvets. There's a kettle and cups in the room (a must-have as far as I'm concerned).If you get a harbour-view room (you'll have to pay a bit more, BL's not that generous on upgrades 'cos they're usually full) the view over Central towards Kowloon is stunning. The renovated rooms, apart from having a fresh makeover, have bigger showerheads, shaving mirrors, small flat-screen TVs, and bigger beds (not much of an advantage as the rooms are no bigger, obviously, so there's less space for your luggage!)What do you give up for the price? Breakfast is average and you're better off grabbing something on the go outside the hotel. The pool is a dipping pond, no point actually trying to swim, and the gym is token. There are no bathrooms, only shower rooms. And you occasionally find the modest-sized lobby crammed full of mainland Chinese tour groups.But given that, in HK, you're likely to be out and about 18 hours a day, and all you really need is a smile, a room, and a bed, BL scores very highly for value for money.

Good location, problem mattress We stayed at this hotel primarily due to the very high ratings on Trip Advisor and the relative reasonable price.On the good side:Reasonable price for DC, especially considering the location.Location is excellent. Near the White House and Metro stop. Nice, friendly concierge staff. Very helpful in finding excellent food.Rooms very quiet.On the bad side:Restaurant very expensive with average food. At least there was a Starbucks at the next corner.Very small. Other than the bar and the room, there is no where to sit and relax.Biggest complaint is the bed was very uncomfortable. Mattress was old and very saggy.We provided a helpful complaint upon check out by never heard anything.

A Great 3-Star! Great staff, great location, great value....stay here! Free Wi-fi..great breakfast. The staff were extremely helpful in arranging mueseum tickets and non-tourist dining experiences. Really supurb. Highly recommmended.

An amazing hotel! An amazing hotel! Location was amazing, food in both the bar and restaurant was of a good quality and reasonably priced. Free water in the rooms was appreciated givven that we arrived in the middle of a heatwave! Concierge was also excellent.Will definitely stay Jurys again!

Great stay at the Universistat My wife and I have just got back from a very enjoyable 3 night stay at this excellent 4 star hotel Feb 2006. Superb position 100yds from the Metro at Placa Catalunya. We had room 212 which was very clean and comfortable also quite large. The bed was huge although maybe a little hard for some. Hotel was very quite and the food for breakfast was excellent with a great choice of hot and cold foods. Most of the main tourist attractions are within working distance, La Rambla for example approx. 200yds away. Plenty of bars, restaurants etc close to hotel. Don't use the train from the airport as you will be put on a shuttle bus which drops you about a mile away from Placa Catalunya and you may not know where you are. This is because they are improving the line and it looks as if it will be like this for some time to come. We booked the hotel on H10's own site which was cheaper than anyone else. GREAT HOTEL!!!!

wonderful Stayed here for one night with my girlfriend. It was a wonderful hotel from the time I walked into the lobby till the time I walked out of it there was not 1 problem. Hotel staff was great and whenever I wanted something within mins they were at my room with what I ordered. Had great views of the Harbour Bridge and opera house. Rooms are great, everything inside is modern.Would 100% suggest if going to be staying in Sydney to stay here.

Definitely stay here again We stayed at Hotel Jazz for four night while in Barcelona on vacation. It was a great choice for us. The rooms were clean and modern as depicted in the photos and our window was a sliding glass door with a railing on the outside which provided great ventilation. The air conditioning worked really well too. There is a small plunge pool on the roof with lots of chaise lounges to catch a few rays, as well as a number of tables with umbrellas if you want shade. This hotel is in a great location for a tourist and there is a subway station just a few yards from the front door. Breakfast was a disappointment, and you might just walk over to Placa de la University if all you want is a croissant and coffee

Nice hotel but noisy in the morning This hotel has a lot pluses going for it and one major minor. It's centrally located in Waikiki, it's off the main drag, it's clean, has good parking and has easy access to the beach and shopping.Our package included breakfast, parking and a rental car. The restaurant food was very good and the was service friendly and accommodating.The room was clean with a nice view of the beach. The pool (on the 7th floor) is small and water was cold. A parking garage is connected to the hotel and is very convenient. At check-in they recommended valet parking for which we were not charged any extra. The self park entrance is at the front of the hotel on the next street over from Lewers. Use the self parking after you retrieve your car.The major minor to this hotel is the 4 AM - 6 AM noise of the delivery trucks backing up into the Sheraton off Lewers. It's a loud beep-beep-beep that echoes off the buildings. If anybody says it's not noisy, then they are deaf. Until the PARC does something to fix this issue (they are aware of it), plan go to bed at 9 PM or stick some cotton in your ears or stay somewhere else.

Best beach in the world If you're looking for the best beach in the world, look no further.Warm water, wide and long, underpopulated sandy beach with a large portion under palm trees. Shade and ocean breeze, with all inclusive drinks that you can either pick up yourself or wait to be delivered right to the beach to you.This was our third trip to Punta Cana, and second time at the RIU Palace Macao. Hotel is showing some signs of aging, but food and service are still excellent. If you can't find what you like, you may have deeper problems... :-)Suites are really nice, but not sure if it's worth the money - no special service in the suites, just more space, living room, two balconies, two crappy TVs and same all inclusive mini-fridge and bar with vodka, gin, rum and brandy.Pool looked decent, but we didn't go to the pool at all - as mentioned, while on the most beautiful beach in the world, it would be a sin to pool it...Entertainment is so-so but with appropriate amount of pina coladas, caribbean orange, etc. it's still better than watching TV...All in all, perfect to relax and enjoy...

We Loved It!!! These beds are wonderful.

One of the best! October 5 nights.Got the Sheraton on Priceline and went with a certain amount of trepidation having seen the variety of reports.What did we find?A wonderful hotel with wonderful staff, a wonderful breakfast, in a wonderful location. We loved it!We were warmly greeted by Will on reception with the words I've got a nice suite for you on the 16th floor North Tower overlooking the Charles River. Oh yes! - I'll believe it when I see it!.And see it we did, exactly as described. I've lived in flats smaller than the room. King size bed in alcove and large chest of drawers, desk and 3 piece suite with coffee table. Two windows taking up virtually all the exterior wall with a view down to the river and to the Fenway on the left. Nice size bathroom in good condition. Even a small room off the main room with a work surface to house just an ice bucket and the coffee machine.No safe but used the very effecient safety deposit box system in the lobby.Hotel linked to the Prudential Centre so plenty of shops and eating places. Also T stop without going outside.We ate from the buffet breakfast each morning which filled us up until the evening. Staff friendly and helpful especially Sophia.We adopted her!Location is great with trolley tour stop right outside.It could not have been better in anyway at all. Would stay again at the drop of a hat.

not bad was staying here as part of a sports tour for the cowboys game and for the stars game at the aa arena. The pickup from the airport was ok and very quick and they also took you for free for a 3 mile radius and that included Texas stadium and also to the TRE station. On game day there is a charge for them taking you to the game and back. and this starts 3 hours before the game and upto 2 hours afterwards. (when asked about next year at the new stadium they advised that it is being looked into). They advised that there were renovations going on but was not distubed by them and i left the air con on during the day and didnt need it overnight. Staff were very friendly and helpful and the breakfast was excellant. There are 30 resurants in the area as well as a couple of gentlemen clubs and a number of asian massage places. You really need a car to get around or a good knowledge of the local transport system. I used the TRE to go downtown and also out to the Stockyards at Fort worth. Beds were comfortable and there was a good supply of different pillows to use. Walls i found were no more thinner then any other hotel.

Location and Size Located within walking distance of everthing, I was very surprised by the Swissotel. Being my first time to Europe, people had told me that the rooms were small and pokey. I found the room big even to Australian standards. The service was excellent, the staff very friendly and helpful. I would recommend this hotel to anyone!

Have stayed here and at Elysee (sister hotel) 6 times in 2 years-great We have stayed at the Casablanca 5 times in the last 2 years, finding it to be just the right spot from which to go to shows in the theatre district and wander up to the museum district or down to SOHO (albeit in a taxi). While the rooms are not grand in size and some air conditioners can be a bit half-hearted in very hot weather (i.e. August), they are quite adequate when one considers that the 2nd floor lounge is always available for sitting around with coffee and newspapers etc. This place is a haven for NYC (as is same at L'Elysee, which can provide somewhat larger rooms and an east-side location near museums). The continental breakfast is varied and abundant. The cheese, snacks and wine plus coffee, tea or hot chocolate are always welcome afternoons, with usually some left after the theatre. Some of the time there is a pianist in the lounge area just off the breakfast bar area.I find it difficult to imagine why anyone would say the staff are indifferent. We have always found them all to be quite pleasant . . . and folks with whom we've talked at breakfast or in the lounge have all been equally positive . . .of course, if one is unfriendly toward them, perhaps they would respond differently, I don't know. The manager, Joe, is most always around and stops to talk with guests to be sure things are going well. He's on top of everything and a friendly person.Last month, because of a request by friends we were meeting in Manhattan, we stayed at another, larger and well-rated hotel. Yes, the room was somewhat larger and it had two large chairs; but, the a/c was not operating as it would have made folks on the 15th floor and below too cold. The suggestion was that I should open the window of the 39th floor room . . . which was pretty much stuck. This kind of treatment would not happen at the Casablanca in our individual experience as a couple. Perhaps people who can't stand walking through the malay (meaning melee'?) of Times Square to get to the Theatre and restaurant areas might be happier in hotels that charge more like $600 - $800 or more per night and are in more prestigious areas. They do exist and they aren't bad at all . . . just a taxi ride or somewhat long walk to the theatre district.We're headed back to Manhattan again in September and November and definitely will be booking at the Casablanca. We find it more pleasant than the 4 Seasons where we recently spent 5 nights (though not in NYC). . . it's just a matter of atmosphere, I suppose. So, if you want location, a reasonable Manhattan tariff, (parking next door if you need it), an included continental breakfast spread plus cheese, wine etc. at other times along with what we, as constant travelers, found to be a friendly set of staff members, this is a good bet for you. Admittedly, they aren't like the staffs at an inclusive resort on a remote Fiji island, but this is New York City, many of them are/or recently were coming from an Eastern European country where English wasn't the language, and they've always been helpful and friendly to us and to others we know who've stayed there.

Great value, awesome location. My family stayed at the Wave for four nights, 2 in June and 2 in July. We had to make our flight connections in Honolulu for our trip to the big island and Kauai so we added an extra night each way to enjoy Oahu. Overall it was a great deal and the location is fantastic, right next to the international marketplace, about one to two blocks from the beach depending on the route you take. We spent our time on Oahu exploring the shoreline from Diamond head to the north shore and spent very little time in Waikiki.Rooms are quite good. We stayed in a family suite with lots of room and three double beds (one in a room that can be seperated with sliding screens). The beds and bedding are excellent quality. There was a small fridge to keep your drinks cool. Each room had it's own flat screen tv. Yes, the lights in the bathroom are energy savers and take a minute to warm up to full brightness. Leave the lights on if it bothers you and you don't care about saving energy. The hotel is an older building but I think they've done a great job in upgrading the property. The washroom and showers are basic, no high end fixtures but plenty of water and water pressure. Please note if you open a balcony door the air conditioning turns off automatically. We didn't quite close the door all the way and the room warmed up very quickly.Wifi was free and much appreciated. The pool is small, difficult to get to through the parking lot, located in an alley, and your view is a fence. We didn't bother even trying to use it. Parking is tight but we always found a spot.Noise. We were on the 9th and 10th floors during our stay. I had read the reviews and was expecting it to be noisy. I only noticed the noise one night when someone was having a fight/screaming match in the alley below. I have to say it was so noisy that I thought the window had been left open, but it was closed and I could still hear them arguing from the 9th floor. I think it depends on where the noise is coming from and how it bounces off the buildings.Service was excellent with a few qualifiers. I had the same desk person as was noted in some previous reviews. He was attentive and pleasant but neglected to give us some very important information. We didn't know about the continental breakfast on the first floor until our second stay, and we found out about it from another visitor. When we tried to use it the last morning of our stay, we found out you also had to book the breakfast and get vouchers from the front desk, or you had to pay $5 each. For coffee, muffins and some fruit it didn't seem worth $5. It's a very basic continental breakfast but a good deal for free!. It would have been nice to be told about it at check in. We were not told where the pool was. If I hadn't read some reviews before we left I would not have known it was there. We were not told about the overflow parking area but it never came up because we always found a spot. They REALLY need to put a sign up to show the parking lot entrance. We found it on our second time around the block only because the alley seemed the only possible entrance.Brian (or the Big Brown Guy) at the front door was fantastic, really helpful, cheerful and full of Aloha spirit. I hope the management appreciates how much the guests enjoy him.Overall I'd reccomend this place for the price and location. I'd stay here again. Ask for the highest floor possible to reduce the noise.

best location for the price We stayed here for two nights on our way back home from the Big Island. The hotel location is fantastic for the price. Value-wise it's hard to beat this hotel. It is directly across from the main beach at Waikiki. An ABC store on one side of the main entrance for incidentals and a McDonalds on the other side for a fast breakfast on your way out!. Coffee down at the front desk in the morning is very good quality. The front desk staff were very knowlegable and I asked for their help several times for driving directions etc. The rooms are small but if you are two adults traveling together there is plenty of room. If you are two adults with two children you will be cramped. There is a small fridge in the room which we found very helpful. The views from the lanai, even the city view rooms, are still decent if you are on the upper floors. Staying up higher also gets you out of the noise from the street and traffic. My only real complaints are that it would be nice to have a pool for an evening cool-down, and they don't have nearly enough parking for hotel guests on site. The heat in July was a bit more than we expected and we didn't want to go to the beach in the late evening. We had a car because we wanted to get out of Waikiki and see the less populated areas and beaches. We had to park at another hotel a few blocks away for one night. The next day they made room for us outside the lobby area at no charge to help us out which was very nice of them. For the money? GREAT DEAL! I'd go back tomorrow.

not worth the money We stayed here for two nights on our way to the big island. The property has a great location, next door to the International Marketplace, just down the street from main area of Waikiki beach. My main complaint is that the cost of the room is far too high for the benefits. The room is what you'd expect at any family motel or hotel for under $80 a night, nothing special. For what I paid I should have been in the hotel across the street. The lobby and pool area are the only nice areas in the hotel. The foodservice at the hotel is average but the price is very high, as are the bar prices. The pool area is nice and we appreciated the live music and dancing while we were there. On the down side, the service from the two waitresses looking after the pool was incredibly bad. We waited to place an order, waited to get the order, waited to get the bill. It was laughable. The first time I tried to order from the bartender I was told I had to order from the waitress. It seemed to depend on the bar tender as later I was able to just pick up my drinks. No valet parking which wasn't a big problem but a bit time consuming. I wouldn't go back. There are better places to stay for the money.

Barcelo dominican beach Super!!! oufff la chaleur!!

Punta Cana!! We just returned from Majestic Colonial Punta Cana the week of June 12-16th. The hotel grounds are magnificent and we experienced excellent service all the way from the lobby to the waiters at the buffets. Other than one afternoon of rain, the weather was hot and we had blue skies. The sea was a little choppy and there are alot of rocks but it won't stop you from getting in. We originally stayed on the 3rd floor facing construction but after speaking to management for a better view, we were transfered to a room with a pool view. The rooms were nicely decorated with marble counters and a standing shower that could hold more than 2 people comfortably. The pool is huge and the best spot in it is near the walk up bar. Most of the action is right there also because the entertainment crew entertains right there. Quick shot out to JESUS (Mr. blablabla lol),Nina, Melvin, Masiel, Leo, Warter, Francisco, Ive and Pablo. They were great. They did a good job getting people involved and playing silly entertaining games. The best bartender we encountered was Roberto, located at the lobby bar. The Spa is out of this world. A must excursion for the trip.Restaurants were good not great. Don't go there expecting Ruth Chris and you will be fine. Overall I would say that I think that this hotel deserves its top 5 rank in popularity on Trip Advisor. Majestic is a great value when you add up the service, appearance, food and variety of entertainment.

OMG! The finest hotel I have ever stayed in. I have stayed in many Four Seasons and other wonderful places. This place tops them all!Concierge that will do anything. They are happy to see children. We stayed in a fourth floor room looking out of the Ave George V. I was afraid it would be noisy. The windows must be two inches thick. Not a sound.Perfect English and French speaking staff. Charming, fun, relaxed. Everyone has smile like they know you know you have just arrived in the most wonderful slice of heaven in the most exciting city.Expensive but I'm happy to pay it now and again soon.

Love this place Stayed here once at the end of last summer with someone I loved and had to return. When a business trip afforded the opportunity, I took it. This trip I went alone but still found the ambience- in the midst of the city- to be relaxing and pleasurable. Small rooms but clean and nicely done. Everyone was very pleasant. Discovered Biscuits and Blues right around the corner with live blues performances and great food. San Francisco is still my favorite city, this hotel one of my favorites. Perfect for a romantic getaway or if you need to be centrally located. The evening wine is not the best but free and drinkable- so why complain. Mornings they bring in Starbuck's coffee!

Two Words: Perfect Honeymoon After having gone to Secret's Excellence in PuntaCana, I have to say this.If you do not take time out of your life and go here,you are truly missing out on one of the best places onearth. The staff there go through a better trainingregiment than any Disney worker, or cult member forthat matter. (is there a difference?)When you say thank you, you will most likely here Itis a pleasure, and they mean it. Thanks Isiah, and other guy who's name I can't remember (water aerobics and dance lessons) Roberto at the front desk, Antonio with general info, and of course Pedro at the Swim up bar! They are so happy to help you. Their english isn't that great,but there were no problems with anything.Every day was 86-87, most days with nice breeze (77 atnight). No rain. Water in both pools and ocean wasperfect, expecially after visiting the swim up bar.They have activies from learning how to dance themerenge, racing RC cars for rum, free 30 minutebroadway-esqe shows, discotech, etc.... The views, walks,food, everything was perfect. The steakhouse had this green peppercorn sauce for the filet that I am stilldrooling about. It may not be 5 star gormet $200/plate meals, but piled on top of everything else it's great.OK, there are some things you may want to consider. First of all, if you are up tight and anal about something starting exactly ontime to the minute don't go. In fact stay where you are, vacation isn't for you, and I don't want you whining around me during my honeymoon. If you are looking for a hot night life and wildness, go somewhere else. We floated in the pool or walked in the ocean most of the time, and did the hotel provided activities. The ocean is no rougher than the Jersey shore. You want calm, go into one of the nicest pools out there. Some people that go are rude and take the floaties out of the pool and put them under their chairs even when they're not using them (sometimes when they leave the pool area for a while). Their regular room is very nice. We got the 4000 building near the cascade pool which was nice and quiet.Next time we want to go back and try the Saeuna Beach excursion. This time we did the helicopter transfer to the airport which takes you down the coast. Beautiful. OK, that's enough. You want more, feel free to email and ask questions. Thanks!Joe

Wonderful Stay @ Guelfo Bianco This was our third visit to this wonderful hotel. As usual we booked directly with Antenella. Our experience as always was enjoyable for my wife and I. The staff is professional, efficient and very helpful. They will help you where to go whether it is for a restaurant or day trips in Florence and beautiful Tuscany. Julia at the reception helped us solving problems with the car rental company when our car broke down. The hotel is situated in the heart of the historic area of Florence which would be handy and yet reasonably quiet . The rooms are beautifully appointed and amenities in the room are up-to-date. Vallet Parking is provided.We would certainly go back as we visit Florence frequently.

A Wonderful Stay at the Hotel Monaco We stayed at the Hotel Monaco from December 28th through New Years Day. The location of Hotel itself is great, just a few blocks from Union Square. The Hotel is decorated beautifully and is very cozy. There are several fireplaces in the lobby with couches and armchairs which is really nice after a day of sightseeing, and of course the wine and cheese from 5-6 pm is nice. The service is excellent. Any question or request I had was handled immediately. For example, I had read so much about the goldfish I requested one when I made my reservation. Upon check in, I noticed there was no goldfish in the room. I inquired of the front desk after returning from dinner and was advised that they were waiting for some to come in. Within 1 minute of reaching our room, Pee-Wee was delivered to our children's delight. We stayed in a double double which consisted of two double beds, a nice bay window, mini-bar, 2 armchairs. Small but enough room for 2 adults 2 children and an infant (we even fit a crib inbetween the two beds).The bathroom/shower was immaculate, and the towels were thick and fluffy, the beds/linens luxurious and comfortable. All in all, we had a great time and would definitely stay at the Hotel Monaco next time we are in town. The only downside was at check in when the concierge wanted to authorize the entire stay on my credit card, about $900.00. When I balked, she agreed to put a hold on only 2 days of charges on the card.

very good Got this rate through the hotel (I tend to find it cheaper booking online) and paid out about for two nights two rooms including breakfast. This was another trip for me taking two teenage boys to London for the weekend. Check in was friendly, efficient and had no problems whatsoever. Our wishes when booking were hounered-interconnecting, with one twin and one double. I do tend to have some trouble usually with hotels on this request so it was nice to not even have to ask. The rooms themselves were large very clean and modern, although better suited to business travelers which is expected with the area and had absolutely no complaints on this front; and with very nice views and clear mornings to wake up to was a bonus. The service itself could not be faulted, all the staff were friendly and met any requests with courtesy and efficiency.Breakfast is brilliant, filling us all up till late afternoon, which is another bonus when you have fussy kids with you. The only thing I had qualms about, which was not the hotels fault in any way was that to get into the more central part of London, your only option is the dlr and the underground, which is not always convenient to travelling around. All in all I would probably stay here on my own, as there is not much to do for younger ones in the area, but this is Hilton hotel as it should be.

A classy old lady View from our room.

Quirky features made this a good hotel to visit..... Only stayed three nights as we were making our back to the U.K from three weeks in Hawaii.Very nice and very clean hotel, with all the extra touches I had heard about.All the fixtures and fittings were individual and very expensive, which makes a change from all the hotel chains that we usually stay.As you can see from the review before this, it pays to do your homework and make sure you stipulate (I would think this was obvious, but hey ho) that you want a view of the Golden Gate bridge as we did.I'm not too sure about the leopard skin bathrobe, but everyone else has white ones, so why not.Staff all very helpful and this proved to be a very suitable place to use as a base to explore San Francisco for a few days.Lyn and Ian Newell. Plymouth U.K

You get what you pay for Quality Inn Downtown, 225 Aurora N, Seattle WA., You get what you pay forPeriod of stay: Septe,ber 16-20, 2007The location is conveintant to the space needle and especially the monorail, which will wisk you directly to downtown in a few minutes for a round trip fare of $2.00. However, I would suggest the Travel lodge, Holiday Inn Express or the Best Western which are all within blocks of one another. This like many other hotels in high tourist areas, takes in a lot of group tourists arriving on buses from various locations. Warm breakfast was very good, scrambled eggs and bacon, toast, bagels, coffee, juices, cereal and even waffels. Unfortunately you had to walk through the lobby and pool area to get to the dining area.The corporation obviously had purchased the facility from another chain. The renovations included new carpeting and wall covering in the halls, a refrig, microwave and coffee maker in the rooms and marble, yes marble, flooring, vanity and a new tub surround in the bath. They forgot the carpeting in the rooms, which were terrible. In our room, when we walked across the floor it loudly squeeked as though the flooring was not nailed down tightly below the carpet.The first night we had to change rooms because the walls were so paper thin that you could hear the voices in the next room speaking in their normal tone of voice. We moved at 11:00 p.m.The resturants in the area are supposed to be within walking distance, they are if you are a young adult or an avid jogger, we rented a car on the thiord day just to be able to get to the local resturants.The room rate was $130.00 per day, I would suggest paying a little more and finding a hotel closer to downtown.

Great Deal Big Room Clean Large room 15 by 15 feet with a king size bed and two twins for 120 Euros during Easter break . Everything is neat and clean and works . Nothing Fancy but no complaints . Metro stop half a block away .Bus Stop in front of Hotel as are bike rentals . two blocks away the is a market street with many restaurants and take out at non tourist prices . Great Safe neighborhood. Hotel staff friendly and helpfull . No room service or bell hops . yes elevator and heating .Be in front of the louvre in 10 minutes .

Better than Home This Hotel is New and It has all the modern conveniences . There is nothing you can complain about . The price is spectacular. The location is excellent .The staff is like family.The breakfast is personal and friendly.We Stayed four nights . We have been to venice twice before . Never again will we make the mistake of staying near The Plaza San Marco . This is the real venice . The restaurants in the area are better . There are real people here. For the first time we explored all the islands that make up venice and found many new sights and places . Including local restaurants and shops. It made us want to come back more often.And to top all that my wife left her 2 KT Diamond earings and three rings and they arrived at my home in the USA as promised.They should clone these guys .I have a feeling I'm going to have trouble getting a reservation here again . But I will try!!!!!!!!

very nice We found this hotel thru traveladvisor . It is a two star hotel due to the services not offered . However they are the best two star hotel . Meaning the room was very clean and was cleaned every day as was the entire hotel everything was very clean and neat . The air conditioner was as cold as you desired . At night there was no noise ,we were on the third floor. The front desk staff was very friendly and prompt. The location is excellent for walking thru old san juan or to the cruise terminal.You are in an ideal location.They even have an empty mini refrigerator .There is all you need ,no luxury or bellhop.The owner is a type of philosopher poet and there are samples of his thoughts in the room to view .Great Karma at this place . You can tell they are always looking to make sure all is well.Sort of like living in a condo with a good front desk.

A Big Apple Letdown As a platinum Marriott card holder I expected this hotel and service to be great. It wasn't. It is over sized and makes you feel like you are in Las Vegas (not the good parts), the lift system means long waits and they are often full when they do arrive. The corridors were dirty with bags of rubbish and laundry left for more than 5 hours on most days. Having paid $500+ a night, the view was poor from the room and the window small, the bathroom in poor condition. Some of the staff were excellent thankfully but overall this is not someone I would stay. If you don't stay in many hotels this will be fine, but a seasoned travel will find this place nothing less than annoying and disappointing.

A three stars superior? I'd say... at least four stars! Beds

Ideal Location! Great value The Lobby

Ignore the pessimists.... hotel is fantastic After reading some 'mixed' reviews, I was slightly cautious as to what I might find when we arrived at the hotel....However, it was fantastic. Tired? Not in the slightest. The hotel is decorated in a very modern and chic fashion. The rooms aren't large - but if you want bigger, upgrade to a bigger room. They are MORE than sufficient. The beds are so comfy and the bedding 1st class. The bathrooms are luxurious and the complimentary Aveda products were a dream....Furthermore, the reception staff were very polite and so helpful. For my partners birthday they arranged for a cake to be delivered to our room - with their compliments - and as a surprise. Aloof? Not that we came across. They are effiicient and curteous.All in all the stay was first class. The bar and the restuarant is verging on the pricey side but the atmosphere is good. It is where the beautiful people go and if you like people watching stay here to join them.....If you need a central location, where the sights and bars of Madrid are in walking distance, then this is the hotel for you....

My preferred hotel! This was my Sixth or Seventh stay at the Island Shangri la. I stay at many hotels but this one is absolutely my preferred one. Rooms are comfortable (suites even better...) view is fantastic.Service is willing and efficient. Breakfast is the best I ever experienced at any hotel. Staff make you feel at home.At one of my our stays my family had three suites. We ordered a complicated room service order (Japanese, Indian Chinese and Italian dishes). Everything arrived at the same time, in the right temperature and very tasty. Can't wait for the new New york, Paris London Shangri la hotels to open.

All in all, superlative We stayed a total of four nights, including New Year's Eve. The room was spotless, the bed excellent, the bathroom large and clean with separate tub and shower. The pool on the 10th floor was exceptionally clean and pleasant. As others have mentioned, the entrance is a bit odd. You enter off Market Street between entrances to Myer's Department Store, then take an elevator to the 8th floor. But no matter. Book directly from the Swissotel website for the best prices.

Hotel OK - Dining a big minus The hotel lobby and staff are above average. Stayed one night and toilet backed up at 2AM (without using it). Plumber responded quickly, but couldn't fix it. Had to change rooms at 2AM. Stayed another week at different time and room cleaning was missed one day. Called customer service and was told he would call back after talking to the General Manager. I am still waiting for the phone call.There are two restaurants in the hotel a Chinese and a Japanese. They also have a limited breakfast buffet that is horribly overpriced. No where to get a cup of coffee or a sandwich. It is about a 15 minute walk to the Alamona Center where there is everything including a food court with many, many choices.I would think that a hotel of this size should have more eating choices. Oh, no room service, period.

I don't understand the good reviews - TINY room, NO view, apathetic staff proximity of bed to wall approx 12 inches

Loved the EdenH Fun

Happy Visitors the room balcony

Consistent and excellent My 6th trip there and on all points it remains an efficient, well run property. Tourists used to American hotels might complain about the size of the bathroom or narrow windows are not used to UK accomodations. This is a modern, classy, trendy, but generous property. First class restaurant, great bar, good sized rooms, decent health club, and perfect location for tourists. (And a decent location for business travelers, especially if you have meetings spread out around the City, West End, and Chelsea/Knightsbridge.) Strongly recommend it - a much better alternative than the traditional British property with tiny slow elevators and bad food.

Very mixed review Stayed here for one night in July 2008. Very mixed view. The rooms are great, and if you have one with a river view, even better. But the common areas are dated, worn, and in need of upgrading. On-site lounge, allegedly voted Boston's best jazz club, was shut down before 11;30 at night. Also, the neighborhood is horrible. You are right off the highway, but there is no area to walk around in. Bordered on the expressway on one side, railroad tracks on another, an intersection, and an industrial park. So, you can't walk around outside the perimeter fence. The property definitely serves a purpose, but you could probably do better. Good value, sure, but I'm not itching to return.

Tropical Paradise! A shot of the mangrove

nice time here great place to stay... 2nd time there... nice rooms, great beach but that entire area has a great beach. Facilities are good, food good and lots of it. front desk can be a challenge. get a room near the beach. Long walk/ride from some places like the restaurants in the main hotel area. Buffet restaurants right by the beach. make reservations for the water sports early, also for the restaurants (get the 'rules' upon check-in). will go there again during non-peak when the rates are lower.

loved it our room

Perfect romantic break I booked this hotel as a surprise birthday present. Location is very good, just at the top of the high end shopping street (Gracia), and walking distance from many of Barcelona's main sights (Gaudi buildings, las rambla etc). The beach is a short taxi/bus ride away.Initial impressions were very good - amazing building, set just off a busy road so not too noisy. Bags were taken at the door by attentive staff. Check-in was very good and quick. We arrived at around 230 and were taken to our room straight away. Clerk also immediately gave us a map with the hotel on it and briefly explained it's proximity to local points of interest which was a nice touch.Room on the 5th floor was very nice with high class furnishings and large comfy bed - not huge in area, but then that doesn't really bother me. Beautiful views over La Familia and the city from the balcony. The bathroom was huge, with double sink and great whirlpool bath.Turndown/cleaning all done well and around our timing. Complementary water was nice, and bathroom kit was first rate. Also notable is the sound-proofing. There appeared to be a local festival one night, but we couldn't hear a thing! Downstairs bar is very pricing, but also very nice for (probably only one) drink. Concierge was also excellent, and recommended a very good restaurant in the mountains.Overall an excellent hotel.

lovely hotel in great location This is a truly charming hotel right on the Singel Canal. Our room was bright and spacious and the bathroom was well appointed. It was a pleasant place to wake up in and to return to each evening. A bit formal, but not stuffy.

Special Hotel for a special occasion As previous visitors to Paris, we wanted something a little bit special to celebrate our 25th Wedding Anniversary, and with a little bit of help from Trip Advisor, we found it in this Wonderful little Hotel in a lovely part of the city.As our three night stay here was part of our ongoing holiday, we drove our car, and pre-booked a parking space with the Hotel. This worked very well, as one member of the hotel staff escorted our bags to our room, whilst another accompanied me to the Car Park. This was essential as, although the car park was a short stones throw from the hotel, a tricky 'one way system' needed to be navigated. Once there, the car was left, extremely secure behind locked doors, for the duration of our stay, although we were able to gain access to it if required. The excellent location of this hotel enabled us to walk to most of the places we wanted to visit, and the only transportation we used was the River Ferryboat, to explore further along the Seine.We booked the 'Romantic Package' and everything in the room was pretty much as, or more than we hoped for; with Champagne, cakes, fruit, candles, rose petals, music etc. for our welcome. The room was very spacious, with the biggest and most comfortable bed that I've ever slept in.One big surprise after reading the reviews here, was the excellent FREE Wi-Fi available in our room which was fantastic for communication with our two lads we left at home, and checking out places to visit. The only tiny imperfection of our stay was our Champagne etc was on our arrival and not our special day. This was soon rectified by a visit to the little off licence (liquor store) around the corner in the nearest side street, next to the Car Park. (For those not paranoid about mini bars, additional Champagne was also available in our room).Also in this side street were Patisseries, and a small supermarket, not to mention a friendly little informal restaurant, with lovely food (as recommended by the hotel desk staff). I know you have read this before, but...What makes this Hotel so special is its staff; from the guys and gals on reception, to the maids who turn your bed down and leave a little chocolate on your pillow at night, to the man who tops up your coffee at breakfast and the guys who take you to the Car Park. Everybody we met was always efficient, courteous, friendly, but never patronising. To any of staff who may be reading this, we wish to say a big thank you for making our special occasion so SPECIAL.

Jail in Paradice My Bed and Boooze

My latest visit!! This was my 3rd visit to ShaTan Hotel! And I was coming home!!The people, the street, the restaurants, It was all like coming home! I am sure when i come to Chine in 2009 im coming home again!!!!!!

Super Hotel Stayed here for 2 weeks and enjoyed every day. The first week I had harbour views from one of the upper floors.Great food and service.

The best little hotel in Paris you could wish for ! We had booked our flight to Paris roughly 6 months ahead of our planned arrival date in mid-Sept. ' 08. We reserved our first 4 nights in the city at this hotel at the same time. Our decision was based on the many favourable reviews noticed on Tripadviser. We were not disappointed -- in fact we were surprised and over-pleased, if you could imagine. The Hotel du College de France is a very clean, affordable, friendly hotel in a very convenient location to discover the centre of Paris. What more could the average tourist ask for ?! Once there, we asked for a reservation for our last 3 days in France prior to flying home a month later. At first there was no room -- we were approached later by staff to say there was a last minute cancellation for only 1 of the nights we wanted. We grabbed it without hesitation. So my point is, the secret is obviously out about this place. Book well in advance to avoid disappointment. The staff is great. Whenever we approached them with whatever request we had, it NEVER seemed to be a bother to satisfy us. All the top floor rooms had a little balcony table it appeared. We were assigned room #23 which was the only lower room with a balcony setup and it was delightful. We often brought back store -bought food and drink to dine on our balcony. The store is very handy just down the block to St. Germain, cross the street then a quick left I best recall. There's also a 'pub-like' restareunt at that corner . It's one of the few places in France we could find to go for a ham egg breakfast if you prefer that in the morning. If you are a strong walker you can reach most popular city attractions by foot from the hotel. There are other attractions that will require public transit use. The subway system is handy and efficient. The larger stations though are hectic and a little dis-orienting. We happened to meet so many helpful ordinary Parisians who were willing to stop and guide us when they noticed us looking dazed and confused on our journeys. Yes, Paris ( and France generally) to our delight ,can be discovered as being quite friendly !

Great location, great service We used this hotel for a week as a base for my daughter's wedding in Florence - so we had about 12 rooms. The management couldn't have been more helpful, particularly David Foschi, the reception manager who did everything possible to make our stay as comfortable and convenient as possible.The first floor of the hotel has recently been refurbished, Tuscan style, and these rooms are sizeable and beautifully appointed - very stylish and in keeping with the area.The position of the hotel is perfect - right by the Palazzo Vecchio and Uffizi Gallery, 2 minutes from the Ponte Vecchio and 3 minutes from the Duomo - but despite its central location it manages to be very peaceful - with a cool (in all senses) bar to retreat to.Great, historical breakfast room with great big and varied breakfasts - and a lovely little roof terrace if you want to chill out for a bit, several floors above the Florentine hubbub.I'm normally hypercritical of hotels (see review on Villa del Quar) but I can't speak highly enough of this one. This is the only place I would ever stay again on further visits to Florence.

Good Value Got a good last minute deal via hotwire for an overnight layover in Miami. We arrived after 11pm. Make sure you call and confirm the shuttle. This can take a while as the hotel is about 15 minutes away, and on the return trip make sure the schedule the time as they have planned times not on demand shuttles. When we arrived with the hotel supposedly sold out, but the front desk was friendly and we got a room. Probably a back up room as it had ground floor view of a maintenance area, but none the less the room was comfortable although the air conditioner had been left at 58 degrees - cold. Breakfast area was crowded but had the standard warm and cold breakfast options. Overall a good value for a layover.

Okay, but needs a Serious update I booked this reservation expecting the JW Marriott brand to be the flagship of the Marriott chain, and an example of a high end hotel. This was not the case. In general, the hotel looks like it has not been touched since the 1980's. There are cheesy brass and mirrored fixtures everywhere. The marque of a great hotel is how well the small details are addressed. In this case, the carpets were worn and dirty, the baseboards and trim in my room were scuffed and dirty, and the walls had marks all over them. My $12.95 per day internet access was HORRIBLY slow, and the mini bar in my room was never refilled. Its time for a major renovation for this hotel. From a service standpoint, the staff was terriffic! All of the people we encountered did a great job of taking care of us, and really anticipated our needs. There were no service issues at all. All in all, this hotel is worth staying at, as long as you don't pay more than about $170 a night.

Good Value, Good Vacation Stayed at the Punta Cana Princess from Dec 5 to Dec 12, 2004. Great weather, great beach. This is certainly a four star resort, given that it is a smaller resort than the Tropical Princess and the Caribe Princess which are both next door. You can eat or participate at all three resorts if you want to.The food was excellent for a Carribean resort, and this is our seventh trip to the Carribean. The Tex-Mex steak house did a fine job on beef or chicken, and the Italian restaurant at the Punta Cana Princess was excellent, far better than the Italian restaurant at the Caribe Princess. The buffet had a different theme every night, and if you didn't like the night's theme then you could take a five minute walk next door to the Caribe Princess and sample their buffet, which was larger because the resort is larger. No premium booze unless you paid extra, but the Spanish wine was better than passable, and who needs a lot of premium brands when you can sample the local rums and liquers for comparison. Nice rooms, average maid service, the front desk could not change a US20 into smaller bills to use for tips, so I didn't tip for the first few days. Finally got them to change US$ into Dominican pesos, and spread a few of them around, but it didn't seem to make much difference, the service was average if you tipped or not.We read about the malaria scare before we left, and found out it was not people at the Princess resorts who had contracted it, so we went with some heavy-duty deet stuff just in case. Never saw a mosquito all the time we were there. We will be going back for sure.

Great Place to Stay My wife and I stayed at the Omni for our tenth wedding anniversary. Normally we stay at another hotel on Bourbon St, but wanted a little quieter place. I booked with the hotels website and got a great rate. They gave us a standard room with two double beds. The room was very nice. I was worried that the room was going to be tiny because all of the reviews, but it was just like any other hotel room (two beds, nightstand, TV with stand and a few drawers, a desk, a nice comfy chair with ottoman and even a closet). We did not eat in the restaurants or order room service. The pool was very nice and the view was spectacular. The people working at the rooftop bar were great! The only think that we could complain about was that there a soda machine in the hotel to get a late night drink. One of the other reviews complained of too much water pressure, it is strong, but you will be fine.The location is great. You are a block from bourbon and a can get to everything by walking. We had a great time and will return.

Good hotel, could have free wireless! Getting to the Westin is easy- take a cab, or take the Silver Line bus from Logan Airport ($2, pay in exact bills to the driver or get a ticket in the arrivals hall before going to the bus stop) to the World Trade Centre. There, follow the signs to the Westin walk is about 5 mins across a walkway, and worth it, as you get a great skyline view of Boston. The World Trade Centre is the first stop from Logan, and takes about 3-4 minutes to get to. much better value than a cab, and Silver Line buses are very frequent. With a hotel of this class and price though, have expected a shuttle bus to the airport.The Westin is a very well-appointed hotel, and I really enjoyed staying there. Check-in was fast and painless, and staff was friendly. The room was clean and of a good size, and the bathroom was great best part being the double power-shower, which was wonderful in the morning. The room came with a TV (annoyingly, the default setting was to go to pay-per-view), and a coffee machine. A good touch was the Starbucks coffee in the room choice of African roast or mixed blend. Having a decaf option would also have been welcome. The room service was, as noted by other reviewers here, generally ok but sporadic. I stayed six nights and some days the coffee replaced; some days the shampoo was not a rubber thing which was lying on the ground when I got to this Westin was not hovered up during my stay there. I think this probably had to do with low staff numbers rather than staff quality - throughout my stay I was surprised by how few service staff there was on the floors. Hotels already pay service staff very little - they could employ a few more and get standards up.Fast internet is available in the rooms. This is $9.95 for a 24-hr period, or around $5 for 30 minutes. Go figure. There is free wireless access in the lobby, although staff told me might not Again, for a hotel this price, providing free wireless would be a good thing.The hotel has 2 bars, both in the lobby. The main bar is in the Sauciety eatery. The food is expensive ($10 for a tasty but simple salad), as are the drinks ($5-6.50 for a beer, $14 and above for a cocktail if I remember correctly), but the barman was very good and friendly and the atmosphere chilled out. There is a Starbucks in the lobby, and the cakes there are fairly inexpensive ($2.26 on average), but the coffee is going towards $4.There are some restaurants on D Street near the hotel, but I try these. I was recommended a restaurant called on the street, a few from the hotel.Getting into Boston is easy, but takes a little bit of time. You can either take a cab, or the Silver Line from the World Trade Centre, or, as I did, walk 5-10 minutes to South Station and take the T or the commuter rail from there. The walk is scenic (skyline views) but may be cold in the winter. Again, this is where a hotel shuttle bus would be very useful! If you have time, you can walk straight into the financial district in about 20-25 minutes from the hotel.The swimming pool was ok, very chlorinated and to a good size. The fitness room was also good. A good touch were the changing rooms with lockers and stacks of available towels. If you have children, the swimming pool has no lifeguard, so it is not a place to let them swim on their own.

Great Location My wife and I stayed here for 3 nights and had a great stay. The hotel has a great location, is easy to get to from the airport (trainstraight from CDG stops about 300 metres from the hotel), the rooms clean and the staff very helpful. Only downside was that the rooms were small, but you did have enough room to move around and you much more from a hotel of this price in the city centre

Classy Hotel, Good Location Room View

Great Experience at the Doubletree Market Center I've always been a fan of the Doubletree brand and the Market Center hotel was no exception.I was in town for A-kon and the Sheraton (once known as Adam's Mark) was completely booked, so I poked around and the various properties along the Market Center stretch seemed like a good value.One thing that pleasantly surprised me about this hotel was the complimentary internet service. I'm of the opinion that free internet should (and will eventually...) be the standard for hotels, but so many of the higher-end and even luxury properties seem to be stuck in this $10-per-day sinkhole of anti-productivity-doom. Not so at this Doubletree. I was prepared to pay for the internet, anyway and I was not surprised by the Wayport access screen; however, there was no other hoops. Just the screen asking if I wanted to connect to the complimentary internet.Shenanigans! I proclaimed, but my bill reflected no extra charges upon check-out. I was pleased.Also, I would like to lay down massive kudos to the gentlemen that operate the shuttle service. So long as I gave them a little notice and a little information, these fine drivers were willing to take you anywhere and bring you back afterwards. Shoot, they even took on a couple of extras I'd picked up in the West Village and dropped them off downtown on the way back to the hotel. That's dedication!I didn't have a chance to partake in the food (probably b/c it wasn't complimentary :-( ...Doubletree Brand, take note of the Embassy Suites!!!) so I can't offer any opinion on that aspect. However, the in-house restaurant looked very pleasing and inviting.My one and only gripe was with one very minute aspect of the room. I confirmed a reservation for a non-smoking double queen and was assigned a double room (not queens...that's NOT my issue though) but the room was a connecting room. Now, I didn't have any problem with this on principle, but the very first night, the room connecting to me must have been a family rushing to catch a red-eye b/c I could hear EVERYTHING they were saying and doing through the door at 3 AM. I have now resolved to request non-connecting rooms in the future.Other than that, it was a great time and I'd definitely do it again.Thanks again Doubletree!

Fantastic hotel Stayed 4 nights at the Hotel David and we were absolutely knocked out from the moment we checked in. The hotel is a period mansion, beautifully decorated and in a nice spot, just on the outskirts of town.The room was a good size, with high panelled ceilings, beautifully decorated and spotlessly clean. The furniture appeared period and totally suited the room, with lots of storage space.The bathroom was also a good size, with a powerful walk-in shower.Remote control aircon is included, as is a digital safe.All the staff were very friendly and helpful - advising on things like local transport and restaurants etc.The buffet breakfast was lovely - cereal, yoghurt, fresh croissants/bread rolls, fresh fruit/cocktail and Italian savouries/sweets - enough to keep you going well into the afternoon. Happy hour is not to be missed if you can help it - free wine and snacks in the garden every night!We thoroughly enjoyed our stay and would not hesitate to come back.

Great value, great location, great hotel Standard room

here in October 2007 I've been here with my party of 4.The room is made by 1 big bed + 2 single beds it was pretty big.I liked the position of the hotel between Piazza Duomo Piazza della Signoria.The hotel is close to everything.The only disliked thing was that in my room(I don't know others) the bathroom was pretty old but overall my stay was OK.Fur sure I will be back

great stay My wife I stayed here for a 4 nights stay in January.The hotel is at 2 minutes walking from Urgell subway stop(line 1) 10 minutes walk from Placa Catalunya.It's a modern one with rooms quite big for the european standards nice bathrooms.Our room was clean they changed the towels every day.The view wasn't so great but who cares if you come back in the hotel only in the evenings.The breakfast was not included but just around the corner is an convenient store.They have wireless connection in the hotel.The staff was nice especially the girl at the desk.Overall we had a great stay at Hotel del Comte

The reviews are right. Immaculate Hotel. I'm not sure what more I can add that the other 2000 reviews haven't covered, but I'll have a go.The hotel is immaculate huge. I saw repainting going on several times while there, everything was swept, ashtrays were emptied daily, no garbage or empty cups littered the pool and beach areas. That's an amazing feat given the 2000 rooms and 2400 staff work at the Bahia Principe and its subsections (Punta Cana, Ambar, Bavaro, etc.)Most of the staff don't speak English - but then again, I don't think many of the visitors do either. More than half of the resort was filled with European tourists from France, Germany, Italy, etc. It's important to put the resort in context:1.) Dominican Republic is a 3rd world country2.) Unemployment is 35%. Inflation is 28% annually thanks to influx of tourist dollars3.) Outside of the resort, you are lucky to have running water electricity is very unreliable. Take a tour and see the real DR. The resort is just a great illusion. 4.) Average wage is $300-$400 per MONTH if you are lucky enough to have a job.5.) The resort deals with visitors from all over the world - not just Canadians Americans. Each has their own needs and diverse expectations.Given the surroundings and circumstances, the resort staff do an outstanding job. I never saw any staff give attitude to customers, they always had a smile on their face. Unfortunately, I cannot say the same for visitors, several of whom I saw taking out their frustrations on employees at the resort. I never felled pressured for tips - can't say the same for most of Mexico. If I had to name a few downsides to the resort its:1.) Lack of chairs by the pool2.) Average food at dinnertime. I tried 4 of the restaurants. The best meal I had was at the Mediterranean (Prime Rib). I admit my food standards are pretty high though, and I regularly spend $200-$300 on a meal for two in Canada at a nice restaurant. 3.) Beach was quite crowded4.) Stall vendors in the Pueblo were annoying With regards to Internet access Wi-Fi at the resort. There is an Internet cafe ($12 USD or so for 1 hour. You can use the 60 minutes over a period of 5 days). You can also purchase Wifi access in the lobby for $15/day if you want to bring your own laptop on vacation. Don't expect Wifi in your room though. You can also rent laptops for $20/day. Overall, this is the best of the all-inclusive resorts I've stayed at.

Pita Maha or Perfect Maha? Another villa view

Two different sides to the contiki Bales on the side of the pool

Convenient location, good value The Castle Inn is an ideal place from which to explore San Francisco and if you do not want to pay the fancy rates on Fisherman's Wharf or in a boutique hotel. Within walking distance of both the Wharf and Downtown, only 5 minutes by car from the Golden Gate Bridge and in an interesting area off Polk Street /Van Ness. Some good restaurants nearby and busy cafes within a couple of minutes.The room was spacious, clean and quiet although the bathroom was smallish. Breakfast, collected from Reception was pretty basic, possibly the only downside. Helpful owners, staff, particularly when we left a camera and for a late arrival (midnight). Whilst we did not use it, good parking on site.

comfortable, good value, convenient location The Pioneer Square is a pleasant smallish hotel in an interesting corner of Seattle. Comfortable rooms and bathroom, if oddly shaped and not very large, which were fine for a short stay. The breakfasts are limited but acceptable and the breakfast room is enlivened by the sight of fellow guests attempting to work out the waffle maker. Pleasant staff and reception, apparantly family run and up to the usual Best Western standards, clean and well appointed.Several restaurants nearby but we suggest avoiding the closest, al Boccalino, a rather pretentious but unexceptional Italian 3 or 4 doors away. Expensive for what you get; we were told very offhandedly that they had no Washington wines. We are an Italian restaurant! At $60 to $100 for bottles one would pay no more than for in a UK off licence- forget it.

what a great place! We stayed in this hotel in and had a fantastic holiday.I upgraded our holiday from a garden room to a beach room before we arrive as a surprise for my partner, but when we arrived we found that been upgraded again by the Hotel, to a beach front suite!! It was fantastic with spectacular views of the complex, beach and sea! The food, the staff, the view, the ask for more.If you can afford to upgrade to the executive rooms, well worth it. The extras you get as part of this package are excellent. The executive club was simply great. The staff welcome you at the door and do enough for you during your stay. a really personal service by really lovely people!We used all the facilities (including the spa) and enjoyed them all. There was some modernisation going on of some of the facilities, which is good to see. It means that the Hotel owners value updating what is a lovely hotel, keeping pace with competitors.I know the above is quite gushy, but believe me, I travel the world with my job and stay in top class 4 5 star hotels and this one is at the top of my list.My best wishes go to all the staff.Drew

Very Chic I was pleasantly surprised about the Waikiki Parc Hotel. It's within a minute walk to the beach and the main shopping areas. The hotel and the rooms were nicely decorated. It's described as chic in one of the advertisements in the elevators and I agree that it is. The rooms were clean and I had no problems or issues with the service I received from the staff. In fact, every morning the housekeeper would take the time to say good morning to me when I passed her on my way to the elevators. The exercise room is small and the pool is not olympic, but it's not that small that you can't do laps (but it is 3 to 4 ft deep). Overall, I would definitely stay at the Waikiki Parc Hotel again and I would highly recommend this hotel to people who want to stay close to the beach and the main shopping areas.

Great Place to Stay, amazing location/ price Honestly this place is great. The price is amazing compared to many other places in L.A and the location is great as well. This was the only part of Hollywood that I felt comfortable in. Plus the free parking made it easier to have a car - because you need a car if you want to see everything in L.A. Its much faster, easier, cheaper, and safer if you just rent a car.- Even though the rooms are outdated style wise, they are still clean and large. The staff was helpful and friendly. One thing you have to remember is that this is a budget hotel, probably like a 2 star. So there are no extras and nothing is fancy. But it is still great value and I would definetly recommend it everyone.

Classy luxuary hotel Fantastic hotel in an ideal position in Barcelona, the hotel is luxurious, modern, and offer a fantastic service. The hotel staff are warm and welcoming, and are always more than happy to help. The rooms are spacious, comfortable and are inkeeping with the modern feel. Many facilities provided such as minibar, flat screen tv, air-conditioning, radio, hairdryers, and safe.The restraunt serves a wide range of breakfasts and the hotel also provides free internet access for all those staying at the hotel, plus other amenities such as luggage storage after checkout, and toilet and lounge areas. The hotel is situated only 5mins walk from the Placa de Catalunya (Main Square at the top of La Rambla) where all the bus tours leave for trips around Barcelona which are unmissable; they are only 23Eur per person for a two day ticket, and you are able to use the bus as many times and for as long as you want, and you can hop on an off when you feel, so you can enjoy the city at your own pace- well worth the money.Would definitely stay at this hotel again, had a great time.

Good Location Unfortunately when I arrived the twin deluxe room I booked was unavailable. The hotel allocated me a standard twin room facing the rear of the property with a view of some offices and a brick wall at the back of the hotel, when I complained about the room I was informed that no deluxe rooms would become available during my stay. I was not offered any compensation for the lower standard of room but as I got a bargain (free upgrade to deluxe room and 20% discount) when booking the hotel, I was less inclined to let this spoil my trip. I feel the hotel gave me the room I paid for, a standard room with no view. The room was very clean and while not tiny it is small. The bathroom was a good size and the shower was hot and powerful. The location of this hotel was ideal within reasonable walking distance of most of attractions. Rembrandtsplein is a 5 min walk and Dam Square is 15 min walk. The hotel is beside the Flower Market and is serviced by the No. 4 9 16 24 25 26 trams at Muntplein.The hotel is very clean and the staff very helpful not withstanding the error in room allocation. I would stay here again as the location is excellent for visiting Amsterdam, but I would have lower expectations on room size and quality.

Wow - just a fantastic room and view - good food too! Upon arrival, due to my Starwood status, I got upgraded to a corner suite which was absolutely fantastic. The views of Waikiki from both balconies were stunning, and the room was immaculate with every amenity you could possibly need. It was far too much living space for one poor business traveler, but it had 2 big-screen TVs, and the bathroom fixtures were gorgeous Kohler. In peaking into the regular rooms while the cleaning crews were working, the quality seemed high throughout the hotel. But for the value I paid - it was just superb.The hotel restaurants, while a bit pricey as can be expected, have some very good food. RumFire has some great food - the fried rice in particular was top notch. Breakfast was also nicely done.For a business traveler like me, it was top notch, but I can see some potential drawbacks for a vacationing family - the pool is a bit small, and you aren't directly on Waikiki Beach. Also, the hotel next door is currently under construction, so some views on that side may be a bit obstructed.But overall - a great stay - would recommend it wholeheartedly.

The most mediocre Westin I've experienced This was the third Westin I had stayed in within a week (please see my other reviews for the ones in Columbus, Ohio and San Francisco), and it was not up to the Westin standard. First impressions count - and the rugs in the lobby were fraying along the edges. Front desk staff was amenable, but nothing above and beyond, considering the price tag. My room was clean and everything in working order, but I think it was smaller than an average hotel room - this may have been an optical illusion, as the hotel tower is rounded, so the rooms are round, rather than rectangular along the outside. It could be a really neat effect, but I don't think the room was oriented to make that happen. Room service breakfast was good, but overpriced (even for a Westin).When reading previous reviews of this hotel, I noticed that one reviewer mentioned that the thread count on the sheets was not up to Heavenly Bed standards - I almost brushed it off, but then I got into bed - and the reviewer was absolutely right! Having just come from two nights at the Westin St. Francis in San Francisco, the sheet texture was totally different and not as smooth.Don't get me wrong - the hotel is still better than your average hotel, and has all the amenities of a Westin. I just think that there is room to improve, especially given the $200+ price tag for the average business traveler. But one odd compliment - for a hotel with nearly 40 stories, I never had to wait long for an elevator!

Not worth the price or it's star rating Every time I book at Four Points, I assume it will be better than it ends up being. I know that Starwood has been trying to upgrade this brand to bring it more in line with its other brands, but it still falls short. This hotel in particular, while a great location in Sydney (especially for tourists visiting the Darling Harbour area) just isn't up to par given the price tag. I had a Harbour View room on the SPG floor (the view was good), but the room was incredibly damp, even allowing for the fact that we were three blocks from the water. The cielings were quite low, making the bathroom dark since it only had one light. It was rather ironic, in that I read the Starwood brochure provided in the room, and it said one thing that Four Points had was a good shower - and this shower was not very good. Even the furniture in the room needed updating. The prices for all services - room service, in-room telephone, and Internet, to name a few - were all more expensive than the Westin Melbourne where I had stayed previously.After I arrived and got settled in, I checked out rates for the 5-star Sheraton on the Park across town. For the subsequent nights I had in Sydney, the Sheraton was the same price - so I checked out early the next day (the front desk was very accomodating, so a thank you to them) and transferred.It's not that the hotel overall was bad - probably 3 stars overall, and definitely suitable for tourist groups - but given the higher perception that the hotel gives on its web site and the newer, more upscale look Sheraton is trying to put on this brand, I can't give it more than the 2 stars.

My go-to hotel in San Francisco As a business traveler, the St. Francis is in a perfect location right in the heart of downtown San Francisco. The front desk staff was very helpful to me on this particular trip, as I had left an item in my room upon check-out, returned five minutes later, and they quickly helped me retrieve the item. I love the size of the rooms, along with the big-screen television (HD for more channels would certainly be a plus). For a high rise hotel, I very rarely had to wait more than 15-30 seconds for an elevator - and the hotel was nearly at capacity.Only a couple things prevent this hotel from being five stars in my book - first, the closet doors in my room had obvious nicks in them that almost seemed calling out to be fixed. Also, the toilet fixtures don't seem to match the luxury image of the hotel. On the plus side, the Heavenly Bed is great, along with the views from the high-story rooms.Whenever I'm in San Francisco, I would stay here, especially since the price is typically the lowest of the Starwood properties in downtown San Francisco.

Great stay, just shy of the 5-star mark Sheraton on the Park has a prime location (as the name would suggest) on Elizabeth St right next to Hyde Park, and a short walk from most major businesses and Sydney attractions. The rooms were very well furnished and comfortable, and the bathroom was gigantic and gorgeous (separate shower and tub). My only hesitance, and why it's not five stars in my book, was that there was slight evidence of wear in my guest room. The desk chair looked a bit used, and there were a couple chips in the bathroom vanity and toilet. It may sound very nit-picky to call those out, but when everything else is so superb, you do notice the little blemishes.I enjoyed the fact that turndown service was available but not mandatory - as I often find as a business traveler that it occurs at times when I'm actually in the room. The concierge staff was quite nice, and directed me well on all occasions. Staff members were always pleasant and helpful without being overbearing. If you do go in the summer - I would recommend the rooftop pool - the view overlooking Hyde Park is gorgeous (and it wasn't even a nice day when I went). Room service is a bit overpriced, but there is a Starbucks right around the corder, along with a Food Court in Sydney Tower down the block if you want to grab food instead. Overall, a great hotel that I would solidly recommend - based on their reputation, I am confident that if brought to their attention, the blemishes would be quickly fixed.

good hotel, super location, superb staff Very convenient for a business traveller to Japan. There is a direct hotel bus from Narita Airport to the hotel - 3000 yen each way, or, some Narita Express trains stop directly in Ikebukuro or, when arriving by Shinkansen from Kyoto etc: get off in Ueno or Tokyo Main station and take the direct train (Yamanote line) to Ikebukuro, a fairly large station. Once there: just look for the Metropolitan Plaza exit and the hotel is 2 mins from the exit! Stayed 5 nights in Oct 08, 12th floor, small, but for Japan decent size room, good bathroom, very quiet, very clean (I had specifically requested a non-smoking room ... probably a good idea in Japan as smoking in restaurants and hotels is still widespread. Breakfast was included as booked early on the web, decent rate of about 20000 Yen / room all inclusive. Buffet breakfast was very good with plenty to choose from including +++ fresh melon, pineapple, oranges, all the usual hot and cold options, all varieties of good tea and coffee / latte / cappuccino. Some chef made a delicious vegetable omlet on request ... The double bed was a bit small (1.4 m wide) and too hard - but the excellent, very friendly, superbly efficient staff organised some more duvets to put on top of the hard mattress to ensure a comfortable night's sleep. We had a few meals in the hotel, although good, they were VERY expensive. There is the Tobu department store right next door which has superb restaurants including a fantastic sushi bar on the 11th floor - much much cheaper. Free fast internet access in the room (though NO WIFI). PCs, Printers etc on the ground floor if you haven't got a laptop with you. Gym / Swimming Pool use possible - but expensive (2500 Yen / visit) I will most definitely come back to this hotel

Sketchy A buddy and I did a road trip across the western united states and most of the nights we slept in the back of my van. When we got to San Francisco we realized that it wouldn't be safe to do that. We randomly stumbled on the Air Travel hotel (a fancy chinese food and hotel in one!). It wasn't much better than sleeping in the van. (Though it felt nice to have a shower)Pros: Secure underground parking in a sketchy area. Not a bad bed.Cons: Door connecting to other room was open. Really old and run down. Smelled funny. Terrible neighborhood. I would stay here again if the YMCA was full. But if I was planning a trip to SF again, I'd find somewhere else.

Very nice, but not quite there yet.... My wife and I just returned from our stay at the Melia from June 20-27, 2008. We were located in Royal Service bldg #51. Overall, we found this property to be very well maintained and as many have said before .... very large. Understanding English is sometimes a problem but you can easily get by and everyone is very friendly and willing to help.Our comments/advise are as follows:Airport in Punta Cana - open air and somewhat humid depending on the outside weather. $10/person required to be paid before entering the terminal and baggage claim. Taxi and shuttle providers each have a counter after you exit baggage claim to the right. Ride is about 20 minutes.Hotel - checked-in at 1:30pm and was told that we were upgraded but that the room would not be ready until 3:00pm. Luggage did not arrive until after 4:00pm. Had to make 3 calls to VIP Lounge before receiving it. Butler showed up once and offered an extension number to call if we needed anything. Called to have luggage picked up when we were checking out, but no one showed up. Beach - less than 10 minute walk from room with shuttle service available whenever requested. Beach is groomed each morning to remove seaweed but there is always some in the areas closest to the shore no matter where you go. Beautifully white and never hot. No issues for availability of covered huts or chairs. Vendors kept at the shoreline to limit the amount of selling.Food/Wine - our favorites were the French, Hibachi, and Gabi. Beef was very good in all restaurants. Most meals were unseasoned and average for an all-inclusive. Service is slow and not very well trained in all venues. Had to ask for knives, forks, and napkins. If you are a wine drinker beware: both red and white offered are horrible....but you can purchase others for 2-3x retail price. We bought a bottle at the Palma Real mall across the street, however, we were charged a $10 corkage fee by the resort. Bottled water is available everywhere.Recreation - for-fee motorized watersports offered by hotel. (Non-motorized are free). We went parasailing (2 for 20 mins for $99). Nice people and great service but took almost 2 hrs from the time that we were loaded onto a small boat to be transferred to the main one. Later in the week, we took a full day Santo Domingo tour (6:30am-8:30pm) that was an eye-opener. Much poverty outside the resort areas.One last comment. As these people do not make much money, please be kind and tip whenever possible. (One waiter told us that his wife and 2 children live 3 hours away and that he works 14 days at a time with 3 days off between 14 day shifts. )

sensible choice I first went to Barcelona with my girlfriend in 2004 and we fell in love with this beautiful city. So winning a work competition to visit again in 2006 with my colleagues was a real bonus.This hotel was ideal, away from the main hustle and bustle, but well located near to some major Guadi attractions and the diagonal metro station- that linked you to all parts of this stunning city.My single room was internal, but had a comfortable double bed and didn't leave you wanting for any other comfort. The breakfast was phenomenal, with every type of item imaginable in a buffet style, and the roof top terrace, with sun loungers, lime trees and a pool, was ideal for relaxing. There was even a gym in the basement- although this was a little haphazard in set-up.Although I have little clue as to the cost of staying here, as it was on the company- I can confirm that it was an incredibly comfortable stay and the location was great.

Okay for a short trip The Hyatt Regency San Francisco is clearly a dated hotel, but renovations to the rooms have kept it up to par with other mid-level Hyatts (although it may be a bit overpriced). The location is great, right on the Embarcadero and across from the Ferry Terminal. There is also a cable car line right outside the door. We did go through 3 rooms before finding one that was nice, due to awkward window placement in the first rooms. The front desk staff was very kind as well as the concierge. Valet parking was $50/day and the valet threatened that other parking lots were far more expensive. I guess that comes with the territory in San Francisco.

Good And Bad Location Stayed at this hotel as it reviewed as a nice hotel near the sea at a good rate. Took a cab from The France train station but driver couldn't locate hotel, had to ask someone. Arrived around 5 p.m. and room on requested floor still wasn't ready. We waited for :45 minutes, room finally was prepared but on a different than requested floor, no reason given. NO cava was offered! Hotel was being worked on and the noise from the jack hammer was almost unberable. Internet was of a dial up nature and slower than mollases! Room was nice and the pool fine also. Breakfast very expensive even by European standards so we went elsewhere to eat. There were NO places to eat or shop around the hotel, the sea was about a :15 minute walk and the beach area was VERY pleasant, we had a wonderful dinner there out on the pier for a fair rate. I might consider staying here again but only after dong more research for something more coordinated.

Great rooms, great amenities and great location The Langham Place Hotel in Mongkok is a very stylish, very modern and very comfortable hotel. Its location is great; only a few minutes work to the Mongkok MTR station and only a quick 15min cab ride to central. The Langham Place is surrounded by great shops; it even has its own 13 story shopping mall across the street connected by a walkway.We booked a Club Level room online, and when we arrived we were escorted to a private check-in. Believe me, the Club rooms are well worth the extra price because they come with a huge range on complimentary services: free wired/wireless internet, free use of the gym/swimming pool, access to a private lounge on Level 36 and free breakfast.The hotel as a whole is great, as mentioned before. The dining options available are top notch, with a range of Western and Cantonese food available; the rooms are great; the roof top swimming pool and gym is first class and what is more, the staff are extremely friendly and helpful.I recommend this hotel to anyone not scared off by the high prices, mind you we did stay there over New Years, so I presume it would be a fair bit cheaper at less popular times. The Club rooms are well worth the extra price. And the stay was just great all round.

Overpriced Hotel This is one of the newest hotel and also the biggest boutique hotel (280 rooms) in Singapore. However, one of the wing of the hotel is not ready yet, hence there are probably only 100+ rooms at the moment.You are able to choose from rooms of four ethnic themes. However, there is not much difference in the rooms except in the basic decor. The rooms had been renovated so it is completely different from the public housing blocks it is using.Had some problems with the check-in but was sorted out promptly. The manager was a bit snobbish too. The staff at the reception needs to improve on their service.Was not told there was a promotion for foot massage at the hotel. Had to ask a male staff at the reception for it in the evening. He was pretty rude and was only willing to give me one voucher despite I was staying with someone. Was able to get the vouchers from another lady.The staff for check-out was also not friendly too. Command of English was not good. The staff asked if I took anything from the fridge but the funny thing was that the fridge was not stocked and there is nothing for me to take.Found it strange that the reception had four-five staff at times and on other occasions there was only one staff.Overall, a number of staff (especially those at the reception) at the hotel was aloof. Only the chambermaids and a male staff (wore spectacles) was friendly. The male staff greeted guests every time he see them.The hotel is located at Tiong Bahru estate, you are actually living in the heartlands. The hotel is near a lot of nice eateries and is near to the Tiong Bahru market where you can try out local food at affordable prices. You can check out the seafood restuarant opposite the hotel. It is known for its seafood and pork ribs.Location is quite ok but it is a bit far from the MRT stations. You need to walk 10-15 mins to the nearest station (Outram or Tiong Bahru) or you can take a bus (2-3 stops away) too. The hotel is quite near to the business district as well as Chinatown. 5-10 mins drive away.There is a Cheers store at the hotel where you can buy your daily necessities and there is also a Japanese restaurant at the hotel. Room is really small and the bed is ok. Bathroom is small and there is no bathtub.There is a LCD TV in the room but very limited channels. No movie channels. There is not much view from the room too. The room does not provide bathrobe, slippers and the toiletries are lousy too. The fridge was empty. No problem with that as I dun usually get anything from there.There is no gym or swimming pool. Basically, there are no facilities at all. The roof top terrace is also not ready yet. The link bridge is not ready too.Price paid (S$230.39) is way too expensive for the location, and for the quality of the room. No breakfast is included for this price. Suspect the hotel is meant for tour packages as I saw lots of guests (mainly from China and India) checking in at various timeOverall, it was a very very disappointing stay. At this price, you can get a hotel in orchard or at a much better hotel around the area with full hotel facilities and breakfasts. Do check out my other reviews.The hotel did provide green apples for guests which I thought was one of the few positive points of my stay.Understand that the hotel is still at soft launch but at these prices, I expect something better. Can still hear drilling and knocking in the noon time.Believe the hotel claims to be 4* hotel but it is more like a budget hotel. You are better off staying at budget hotel which may have a better location and cheaper prices.If you do stay at the hotel, do check out the foot massage parlor near the lobby. It is quite good. The prices for the massages are decent and the staff are friendly too.

Excellent Stay Stayed for a few nights in a Harbour View Premier Room and it was definitely one of the best room I ever stayed in.Room was immaculately clean, spacious and the view from the room was excellent. Each side of the bed has a remote to control the mood lighting systems. The bathroom was amazing and the bath tub was huge. There is even a TV in bathroom! The hotel provides Hermes toiletries which was excellent. The hotel is also generous with the bottled water and have it placed everywhere.I also like the fact that the room has a separate cabinet for them to insert the mails, newspapers and toiletries without disturbing you.I am also pretty impressed by the stationary provided in the room. The hotel considers every detail to ensure that you have an excellent stay.In the evening time, the chamber maid will also prepare the room by laying out the beautiful slippers and play nice music in the room. Additional CDs are also provided in the room if you prefer other musics.If you hope to try out local food, just turn left after exiting the main lobby and walk straight. There is a famous Wan Tun noodle shop 10-15 mins away.

Nice Hotel (but discrimination agst the locals) I booked the hotel using the Starhub Rewards. The room was nice and the bed was great. The breakfast was ok and the room service was average.However, there was clear discrimination when we went to the lounge and the pool. No one ask us if we wanted a drink whereas the hotel staff was prompt to ask the foreigners (mainly caucasians). I guess There were a few other incidents that I noticed but I they realise the locals usually dun tip and they focus their attention on the foreigners.

Nothing much to do The Gold Coast hotel is defintely not a 5 star hotel and it is quite far from Kowloon and HK island. If you stay in HK and is in need of a short get away, you may consider this hotel. However, for tourists, the beach in HK is not worth a trip there.The Bad- The bell boy took a long time to bring the luggage to the room. Had to call the bell boy and describe our luggage before they bring it up.- The eateries at the hotel are quite expensive. The breakfasts are quite average too.- The room looks old and there are limited channels available on the TV.- Nothing much to do at the hotel. Can be quite boring. The 'shopping mall' near the hotel only has a few restaurants, eateries and a supermarket. Nothing much to shop. - Followed the instructions on the website but had some difficulties finding the bus stop. Remember to cross the road to find the bus-stop. The sign is too small for us to notice it.The Good:- The gardens are lovely and well maintained.- The room is quite spacious.- The bespectacled driver for the mini-coach was very good. Friendly and helpful. Did not manage to know his name. He is probably the best service staff I met in HK.

From one successful Hotelier to another - the Rossi family Within 10 minutes of arriving in Florence by Terravision Coach from Pisa Airport I was separated (a Scotsman) from my wallet and its contents, a considerable amount of cash and several plastic cards so be warned. My loss was discovered when the Taxi dropped my wife and I at The Columba. Thank the Lord Roseanna, the lady of the house was on duty, as she always seemed to be, to hear my sad tale. She immediately went out and paid the taxi and stuffed some notes in my hand to relieve my destitution. This is not intended to be an invitation for any wrong minded person to take advantage of!!That was the down side of our short visit. Roseanna's professional attention to detail from our registration to the end of our stay remained attententive in every detail and of a very high friendly standard. My wife and I have no great knowledge of the Itialian language but that was overcome by Roseanna's perfect English. My wife and I who have been in the hotel business for many years would thoroughly recommend The 3 * Columba to anyone visiting Firenze, it's location is most suitable for the many attractions in the City and within walking distance. Our room was worthy of at least another star rating, the hotel was spotless, linen changed daily, the satelight TV offered all European stations plus CNN and BBC worldwide. I am a good eater especially at breakfast and have to say that the included continental breakfast was more than I expected for the inclusive bed and breakfast rate. The regular staff have been with the Rossi's for many years which speaks for itself and her son Angelo is not a bad judge of the local eateries thank you for your recommendation.Not forgetting the Patron who I am sure understands more English than he allows himself to speak.Molto Grazie to you all for treating us as guests and not just room numbersBetty Derick Ross

Good Choice View from room 20

Great hotel for a weekend in Paris Went to Paris for D' Arc horse races and booked Hotel de Banville by accident as this was nearby the hotel where our friends were staying. Very pleasant surprise. Feeling of a classic modern boutique hotel with great service, newly renovated rooms with bed rooms in a classic style and bathrooms super modern, nice breakfast and very private. I would definitely recommend this hotel for a romantic weekend in Paris!

Frequent the IC Boston executive suite

A Great Stay In Tokyo! Hotel at Night

Great Hotel... Even Greater Breakfast!!! Picture of Room

Decent hotel with good service I have just returned from a 3 week working stay at the Royal Garden. I found it to be an excellent hotel with good service throughout. I had the Crown Club update which gives free breakfast in your room, free use of the pool/gym/sauna as well as free drinks and nibbles in the crown club between 5.30 and 8.30.I had a room on the 16th floor with a decent view of the harbour.Watch out for the prices in the Martini bar, but room service is decent value. All in all a confortable and clean hotel in a good location. I'd be happy to stay there again.

Great Value, lots of room good free food My wife and two teen age daughters stayed here for two nights while visiting Loyola Marymount University. We had two queen beds and a double fold out. The suite contained three sinks, a microwave, and refrigerator. The wifi internet worked very well, but there was a charge for 24 hours of about $5. The three rooms including bath, werelarge but somewhat dark. The bedroom had a sliding glass door which could be fully opened if you wanted to listen to the airport which was just a couple blocks away. We all enjoyed the free cooked to order breakfasts and the manager reception each evening, where they would provide free cocktail, nachos and popcorn. The place was clean and pleasant. The indoor pool looked like it would be a lot of fun for parents with younger children. If you are visiting Loyola, tell them and they will give you a promo code which will save you a few buck.

Great Hotel...very friendly staff! We recently stayed at the Intercontinental for my father in law's 60th birthday party. We asked for an upgrade for the birthday boy and they gave us a Suite for no extra cost. The staff was really friendly, starting with the lady at the front desk and throughout the rest of the property. The rooms were nice and well kept, the beach was the cleanest of all the beach spots around. I liked the Casino at the El San Juan better than the IC but the dealers were friendlier at the IC. In all we had a great time and will def return for another stay. Tip...the El San Juan next door has a really nice nightclub, get there early on a Sat night and they have a cool roof top bar as well.

Loved it. I booked this hotel for my girlfriend's birthday. It was precisely what we wanted - spacious, clean, quiet, and with great features. The room came with free internet supplied through a very swanky 20-something inch iMac which also functioned as the TV - and the reception handed out free DVDs to watch on it. The bar was expensive, but very swanky. The gym looked nice, but we're far too lazy to have used it.It's not exactly close to the fun stuff - it's near Lambeth Bridge so it's close to Parliament and the Thames, but it's a bit of a walk into Leicester Square etc. That's a very, very minor thing though, I love this hotel, and I definitely intend to go back.

Huge room, quiet location We stayed here based on the reviews on Trip Advisor - it's a great place, but I feel like it's a bit over-hyped.The rooms are massive - loads of empty floor space - and they have proper kitchens and large bathrooms. There's about 20 light switches, all with dimmers, which I found fascinating because I have the brain of a 4 year old. There's a spacious fridge and an actual gas oven in the room, though ours was busted (couldnt get the pilot light to come on - we didnt need it so we assumed it was off for a reason and left it).The hotel lobby and corridors are cramped, which makes the size of the rooms a nice surprise. The 2nd floor seems to be dedicated to the spa and gym - we didnt use those, but we did nose around it a bit... I queued for the lobby ATM surrounded by the Milwaukee Bucks basketball team, which was great (the hotel is big on its fitness - they even have a menu of pillows that do stuff to you in your sleep).Internet is through the TV - shockingly, the only non-HD TV I saw out of 4 American hotels on this trip (not even widescreen, I was aghast...) - and cost $10 a day, so I stayed away from it. Also, the keyboard was broken, and we had to get an engineer to fix it.Food comes from the next door Barking Dog restaurant, it's not proper room service food, but it's cheap-ish and very large portions. Nice place for breakfast.Careful with the bathroom taps - my girlfriend turned one too far left and it broke, nearly flooding our room... the engineer who fixed it was cool though, seems it happens often...Location-wise, the hotel is strange. It's on the same street as the Empire State and Macys, yet somehow feels out of the way. The subway is 2 blocks away, which isn't too bad, and there's a lot of places to eat nearby. I felt like it was oddly quiet, being so near the touristy stuff...Overall, the hotel was a joy to stay in - hugely comfortable, well located, quiet and with average staff (they were a bit dismissive, but not offensively so...) - it's not perfect, but it is a good luxury place to get away with your boy/girlfriend...

I want to live here. That's an exaggeration, but really, this was a fantastic hotel. The rooms are suites in the proper sense of the word - our standard suite had 4 rooms, 2 large HD TVs, lounge with seating for 4, a microwave, fridge... And it was very cheap for the quality of service, and the location.The hotel is right next to Yonge street, so there's a huge shopping mall within 5 minutes walk, and the CN tower is a long-ish but pleasant 15 minute walk away. The view from our room was great as it was snowing, but would probably be less impressive in the summer...The lobby and halls are softly lit and feel really warm and homely. A big team of housekeepers are constantly moving about in the (insanely slow) lifts - the place feels really well looked after and well staffed. The desk and housekeeping staff were all lovely.I can't recommend this place enough, it was very relaxing, hugely spacious and great value for our money. Perfect for couples getting away to relax.

Fair Room -Great Breakfast Looked up this hotel through Trip Advisor before we stayed at this hotel. The hotel was essentially as described. The rooms were a bit beat up and the carpets were stained. The price was average if the room was in better condition. Would probably not stay their again. The breakfast was very good but a guest should eat on the second floor. The hotel caters to native Japanese visitors and their cuisine is served on the second floor. However, standard omelets, etc. will be custom prepared by a chef in the second floor buffet area. The first floor dining area is OK but not as nice as the second floor area. The dining area is adjacent to a very large indoor aquarium that is beautiful to observe while eating.

Very convenient fi flying in and out of DFW We had a schedule layover in Dallas on a return trip home. I had checked rates for several nearby hotels. Grand Hyatt may be a few dollars more, but for us it was well worth it. We arrived in the International terminal, walked into the hotel, checked in, had some appetizers in the M Lounge and slept well that night. All in all it was very convenient and the hotel is very nice.

Great stay at the Sumner. Bedroom at the Sumner.

Great hotel, great location. Huge Bedroom at Handlery.

Fantastic Experience, Great Location My sister and I stayed at Hotel Casci from 28 June to 1 July 2007. We had a fantastic experience. The owners and staff of this family-run hotel are the most helpful and friendly front office people I can remember in all of my considerable travels! They made our museum reservations, helped with tips on using the local bus system, suggested less-well-known places to visit, gave great recommendations for nearby restaurants that were so good we repeatedly went back! The hotel is clean and tidy, and the family is very proud of their hotel. The location is perfect - between the Accademia and Duomo and only minutes to each, with a bus station right in front of the hotel for places further away. The restaurants they recommended are all less than 5 minutes away. There is free internet in the lobby as well. We will definitely go back to Hotel Casci the next time we're in Florence!

Good Time at Riu Bambu Beach

Excellent All The Way OUR NEW FOUND FRIENDS

Great little get away Beach before storm

Extremely Comfy Establishment Just got back from 4 nights (6/29/05). The property is immaculate and while the rooms are quite small by American standards, it was very, very comfortable. The pillowtop bed was outstanding. Don't know where others come off by saying the rooms are tired looking or in need of update, I found the room to be decorated very warmly and the tile in the entryway was a nice touch. The marble bathroom was roomy enough for me and my wife. My only complaint was the showerhead, which is one of those stylish, wide brimmed heads that drip down. I would much rather see an adjustable head. Let me add that there was plenty of hot water. The bedding was in excellent shape, not warn or pilly. Don't know how they did it, but the room was totally cutoff from outside noise. We were on the 8th floor and didn't hear a thing. Interestingly, about 50 feet directly from our room a new building is under construction and the crane was eye level with our window. We didn't hear a single sound from it.Staff was very friendly and check-in was efficient, even though we couldn't get our keys until 4:00pm. We took the opportunity to walk the streets for 4 hours. Being a Platinum member in the Marriott Rewards program I was a bit disappointed to find that the hotel did not have a Club Floor or Concierge Lounge. But the hotel made up for it by providing my wife and I a free buffet breakfast in the restaurant (sorry, it's offered to Elite members only). Since they charge $20/pp for the buffet, we saved a bundle. The location can't be beat for those looking to stay in the heart of Times Square. The Broadway subway has a stop right outside the front door. I would definately recommend this property to anybody wanting to be in the thick of it.

A new well located city hotel Excellent location close to Freidrichstrasse rail station (best to cross the river by the footbridge under the railway). New hotel but lacks a/c so ask for a fan if needed. Rooms are not large but very adequate, and at current prices is excellent vfm. Good breakfast but there are a lot of coffee shops around if you don't want to pig out on the buffet.

So nice... Wonderful little "mini-market" nearby.

Nice hotel, Poor Location Harbour View (just!)

Whats the Problem? Great location Having read some of the reviews of this hotel on here we seriously considered cancelling our booking but in the end decided to go for it. Were glad we did, dont know what all the fuss is about. The hotel is brilliantly located just a short walk from darling harbour. An easy walk to central station and the museum station.The bar and restaurant are nice and rooms are spacious. The staff pleasent and helpful (allowing us to check in early which was really helpful as we'd had an overnight flight.There is a shopping centre under the hotel and loads of bars around. We enjoyed our stay here and would recommend it to anyone.

Great Location but overrated hotel The main benefit of this hotel is the locationclose to the upper end of La Rambla and just by the Passeig de Gracia tube station and round the corner from the Gaudi House (very impressive by the way). We were however disappointed with the hotel. We found the staff on reception rather abrupt and unhelpful. The room was dark and the view from the window straight into an office is a building less than a few meters away. There was no bar to speak of in the hotel, and although there was a very limited bar menu scattered around the tables in the foyer area but there was never any sign of anyone serving drinks. There was a guy playing the piano in the reception area that made for a nice area but there was never anyone around to hear it as there was no bar.Overall its not a terrible hotel but overpriced in my opinion and while we loved barcelona i think we'd choose another hotel next time.

Disappointed Unbelievable small rooms with even smaller bathrooms. Room dirty and had to ask for extra cleaning after first night. No real improvement over the entire stay. Hallways needed a good cleaning. Friends on different floor also had to ask to have room cleaned properly. So wasn't just our floor. Really was disgusting.The Hotel is located close to the subway, but it is very difficult to find good eating establishments anywhere close.Although breakfast was plentiful, there was no change to the offerings over the entire stay. Perhaps the worst eggs I have ever eaten.I would recommend a pass on this hotel, add a few extra dollars and you will get you a much better place..

Average Hotel That Suits Budget Travelers Desk,funny air conditioner

Terrible Experience This Hotel should be cataloged under 1 star Hotels category. PAID VERY HIGH TARIFF ALMOST S$200,UNBELIAVBLE.We staied 1 night and it was a terrible experience,hotel very old and dirty with a strong moldy smell that made Us couldnt sleep.In the morning a very strong noise come from outside,they were doing some renovation and it wsnt told Us from anybody.Francesco

Average Overall, this hotel was average. First glance was scary - when the door opens and you see 2 flights of STEEP, narrow stairs. But the hotel staff was happy to take our luggage to our room.Rooms were musty and smelled of smoke - despite the non-smoking preference. Also was bothered by the lack of insulation from the ouside street. Make sure you bring eaplugs. Rooms were small, but adequate.Staff was very helpful and assisted with luggage on both arrival and departure.

Superb holiday! Just returned from an excellent two week stay at the Gran Bahia Principe Punta Cana. What can I say other than we had a superb holiday at this resort. Don't be put off by some reviews of this hotel as everything was very near perfect as most of the bad reviews are from people who would complain if they spent two weeks holiday in heaven (bloody angels!). Some of the reviewers have complained about very petty things, the waiters didn't speak English (interesting to see how many people in the USA and Britain that can speak more than one language) and things like the rice was overcooked (you've just spent 2 weeks in paradise and that was the most memorable moment!!)Anyway, back to the hotel. The hotel is huge (some people even complained about this!) and there are trams to take you from different parts of the hotel. The grounds of the hotel were immaculate and there were staff constantly working to tidy the place up, painting, gardening and the sprinklers were on for long periods of the day which made the gardens lush and beautiful. The room was excellent - the air conditioning was a welcome relief from the heat outside and we left it on constant for two weeks, The mini bar was fully stocked and the maid every day left our hand towels in differenr arrangements.The beach needs to be seen to be believed and I cannot really describe how beautiful it was in words - never seen anything remotley like it before. To swim in the beautiful clear light blue sea was an experience in itself. The pool was also excellent especially as you could spend a few hours sitting at the pool bar.The food was very good. I know some people have complained about the standard of the food, there is a need to remember that yyou are staying in the Dominican Republic and the standard of food is not as high as back home whether in Britain or the US. There was plenty of choice at the buffet if the food was a little cold at times. The restaurants were excellent and a much better standard than the buffet. By far the best was the Japanese and a must for your stay at the hotel, I am a bit fussy with my food but I loved everything we were served at the Japanese. Th whole ambiance of the place makes you forget for a while that you are in the Dom.Rep. The other restaurants were also very good, especially the Garden Grill and the Mexican. We did have a few dodgy stomachs a few days but put this down to eating food we were not used to, ate a lot of fish which is something we don't do on a daily basis.The drinks were plentiful and the service at the hotel was one of the highlights with regard to the hotel. Our glasses was never empty and we were tended hand and food. We joked one night that we were going to make a complaint beacuse we had to wait TWO MINUTES to be served by a waitress for drink!! Considering how much the staff get paid they did a remarkable job and as long as you are pleasant and make some effort to speak Spanish then you and the staff will get along fine. If you only speak English and are unpleasant and arrogant to the staff then what do you expect.We went on a few trips were excellent. My girlfriend swam with the dolphins and this was an excellent experience, especially as it was done at Dolphin Island where the dolphins are kept at sea rather than in a zoo as at Manati Park. We also went on the Outback Safari which was superb - we went to a typical Dominican house and met some of the locals, went to a coffee and coco plantation, and went boogie boarding on a secluded beach which was an excellent experience. We also went to Saona Island which was a very good. The Caribbean Festival was also superb as we had a chance to spend a few hours snorkelling and swam with sharks. Trips were a must to see the real Dominican Republic on your holiday.We had a superb holiday and would thoroughly recommend this hotel to anyone and we will most probably visit this hotel again in the near future. If you go to this hotel and find it poor because it is not 100% perfect might be worth that remembering that life itself is not perfect, and this hotel is not completley perfect, but it's pretty damn close.Visitor from the UK

Great time! Just returned from an excellent stay in the Hilton Barcelona! Went to watch the football so hotel is an ideal place as the Nou Camp is only 10mins walk around the corner. The hotel has a few restaurants close by and it is on Avenue Diagonal which has loads of high class shops. The Hilton is a 10 euros taxi ride from La Ramblas so is not too far from the main centre of town.The hotel itself was excellent, all the staff spoke good English and they could not have been more helpful. We had breakfast each morning and there was plenty of choice and the standard of food was excellent. The bar was excellent as well, especially the friendly bar man Phillipe who spent a great deal of time talking about football and Barcelona with us.Very impressed with the hotel and when we return to Barcelona (which will be soon as we loved it!) we will come back here.

Ideal Base Date: 13-16 Nov 07Reviewer; Retired couple in our 60sWe found the hotel from reviews on Trip Advisor which proved to be generally in line with our findings and an excellent choice. The hotel is new, of a good 3* superior standard and good value for money. Rooms are spotlessly clean, serviced to a high standard daily with plenty of space, a good double bed and excellent ensuit facilities. Staff are friendly and helpful. The buffet breakfast option is well worth taking. No one seemed to eat dinner in the hotel - the restaurant one block south (facing Bacelona Nord Station) is good if you eat in the locality.Our recommendations for an excellent 3 day sightseeing break in Barcelona is to buy day passes (1,2 or 3) on the Metro and Bus Turistic. From the Hotel it is a 3 minute walk to the Napols Street entrance of the Arc de Triomf Metro station and then only 2 stops on the metro to Placa Catalunya from where you can walk the city or catch the Bus turistic. On return, look for the Napols exit when you get off the Metro as it is nearer to the hotel.Overall this Hotel is quiet, comfortable and good value. Barcelona is a wonderful city for a break.

Great Weekend! We were looking for a nice weekend getaway and ZaZa proved the perfect fit! The room was amazing with a large sitting area, nice decor, plenty of space and an incredibly comfortable bed. The staff was excellent, from the valets to the front desk to the pool side wait staff. The spa is very nice and the massages were amazing - we had a married couple do our couples massage and they were perfect! Dragonfly has excellent food and a good atmosphere - and their room service is just as good, it took only 20 minutes to get our food and it was hot and fresh. The pool scene (both night and day) is trendy and a bit crowded - definitely the look at me crowd - but everyone was nice and the service was excellent. I'd also recommend walking across the street to the Crescent building and having dinner at Nobu. Amazing seafood and sushi with a contemporary atmosphere and excellent service. We will be staying there the next time we're in Dallas!

Good, clean and in convenient place Great hotel, very very clean. Very nice staff. Free wireless internet in rooms. There was no problem when I wanted to change room. Single rooms are quite small but still comfortable.Some rooms (on 5th floor) have very nice balconies. Rooms with windows going out on avenue Parallel are little bit loud.I recommend it

Very Nice Property I needed a hotel for a night and booked this at the last minute. I normally don't stay at courtyards as I have found most had been pretty basic and beat up. Much to my surprise, this property was quite nice. My room had two very comfortable queen size beds, a sitting area and a decent size, very clean bath.Best bang for the buck I have received in NYC, including some of the posh places like the Ritz and Four Seasons. Outside of the room there were not alot of ammenities but then it's NYC, outside the city is full of them. Worth the stay.

Excellent location and value, helpful staff. Recommended. For about Aus$180 a night sterling)the Holiday Inn, Darling Harbour is excellent value for money. It's pretty functional, certainly not luxurious but the rooms are large, bathrooms very good and the location (within China Town) ideal for eating out (the Szeuchan restaurant immediately behind the hotel is outstanding). Darling Harbour is a very pleasant five minute walk away.Staff could not have been more helpful, responding flexibly when our backpacking daughter arrived to stay with us. We were upgraded to a double Queen room without charge.

Nice accomodations Hotel Nadia is a great choice for accomodations in a city known for lots of crappy hotels. Nadia is in a beautiful building a short 5 min walk from Dam square. You can pretty much get to every landmark in this happening city from Hotel Nadia within a 20 min walk, or even quicker from a tram that stops 2 minutes away from the hotel. The front desk is staffed 24 hours a day with very helpful personnel, especially Osam, the property manager.Though rooms are really tiny (expected for the price and for Amsterdam), there is ample shelving for luggage; every room is equipped with a private shower and toilets; free breakfast is sufficient and included in the price. The quad room has a spectacular view and lots of room to hang out. For the reasonable price and excellent location, Hotel Nadia is a very good choice for Amsterdam!

Beginning to fray This hotel is beginning to show signs of needing an overhaul in terms of its room quality. We stayed just one night there, wanting to be in a good location in central Boston. Couldn't fault location, but the room was small, the bathroom large, but the shower was barely more than a trickle. The hotel needs to upgrade its televisions, ours was not flat screen and the front flap was falling off. One of the bedside lampshades was stained and in general the upholstery in the room looked tired. I'd say this hotel needs to look lively if it is to retain its position as a ranking hotel.We moved to Jury's from the Westin Waterfront--on all counts apart from location Jurys fell short of the Westin. Overpriced and resting on its laurels--which very much need to be refreshed...

Uncomfortable beds+overpriced Stayed in Sofitel in a twin-bedded room for 3 nights. Location is good, but beds way too soft, with no back/lumbar support. Helpful staff are what you would expect in a hotel of this class. Overpriced and resting on its laurels.

L'Abbaye in November We stayed at L'Abbaye for 7 nights in Mid-November, 2005. We really liked it's quiet location near Luxembourg Gardens in the 6eme. The entrance and the public rooms are charming. The staff is among the friendliest that we have ever dealt with in Paris.The standard room @ 199E is miniscule, and the carpet in our room, number 20, was badly stained along the foot of the beds (as it turns out, the only place you can really walk inside the room.) The bathroom was adequate and kept meticulously clean.The daily petit dejeuner that comes included with the price of the room became a bit boring and repetitive after a few days, although the room/s in which it is served are lovely. The breakfast consisted of coffee/tea, orange juice and a small basket of bread (baguette, croissant, sweet roll). The addition of fruit and/or yogurt would be a real plus.Although we enjoyed our stay, we will probably look elsewhere when we return next year, possibly an apartment.

Wow! Looking up, from the inside

Could have been much better I had the pleasure last year to visit my cousin in LA.Of course, I decided to spend 3 days in San Francisco. Unfortunately, I had to book my hotel without trip Advisor. L'Hotel des Arts is quite expensive for what it is...The location is perfect but that's all. I hope to go back in SF and I will book my hotel with Tripadvisor...

Great Location This is an average hotel, in a GREAT location. Our stay got off on a rocky start when we found out that the roll away bed we had reserved would cost an additional $20 per night. We were also only provided with breakfast for three persons when our reservation was for 4. After taking the matter up with the hotel manager, we were given the breakfast for the fourth person in our room and were not charged for the roll away bed.At a first rate hotel we would not have had these issues to begin with. I found it somewhat odd that the front desk personel had buttons on wanting to make our stay a 10 but could not or would not do anything to take care of our issue until I requested a manager.For the most part during our stay I found the front desk people not very friendly. They would say hello, but only if you spoke to them first. The concergie was very helpful as was the bell staff.Our 3rd floor room was very clean and pretty quiet at night even though we overlooked the city street below.The true beauty of this hotel was the location. A short walk to the Wharf Pier 39 one way and a couple blocks to the cable car stop. We did alot of walking and found it very easy to get around. We would stay at the Hilton again, it was clean and convenient. But the service just is not what you would expect at a Hilton.

Very Good Pre Cruise Hotel This is a very good hotel. The desk and bell staff were excellent! The room large and modern, complete with a flat screen tv and an internet terminal at no additional charge. I must say that the beds were the most comfortable hotel beds I can remember. The hotel is obviously upscale and you pay for it. But as in most things you usally get what you pay for.My only negative comments and the reason I didn't rate the hotel excellent would be the terrible service outside by the pool bar. It took forever to get a cocktail. For some reason they had to be ordered through the outside bartender and brought out from inside the hotel by wait staff, and wait you did. All things considered, I would stay here again in a heartbeat. I would just go to the brew pub next door for drinks.

Wonderful Owners Hotel Europa is a well located well run hotel. Miriam and her father run this little hotel, which is in the heart of the city, with care for their guests. I would stay there again should I return to Florence.....Joe A. Cape Cod, Ma.

Wonderful Hotel We found this hotel to be wonderful in Venice. Sandro, Walter and the rest of the staff are wonderful and run a great hotel. It is located in a quiet neighborhood, close to a vaperetto stop and just off the grand canal. It is a reasonable walk to activities around the Rialto Bridge (5 to 10 min) and St. Mark's Square (10 to 15 min). We enjoyed the short walk from all of the crowds of Venice to the quiet of the hotel - it felt like we were on vacation from all of the touristy-ness of Venice.The staff had excellent maps of Venice along with great recommendations for dinner. They were most helpful with reservations. Also, Sandro went out of his way to help us confirm our hotel reservation in the next city that we visited. The service from the staff was top notch.The hotel was renovated quite recently (within the last 3 or 4 years) and it is in very nice shape. Breakfast is in a beautiful courtyard and is a typical European breakfast. Hot coffee or tea are served along with fruit, cold cereals, yogurt, rolls and jams. It was a great way to start our day.We stayed in a standard room for one night (140 euros) and a superior room for two nights (160 euros). The difference between the rooms is the room size and the view or lack of a view. I felt that the superior room was definately worth the extra cost for a bit of a view and the extra room. If possible, I would recommend room #5 (with a balcony), with room #6 being a second choice. Ask about the room views as you book your room.The bathrooms were big enough, but we're talking about European bathrooms. The bed was comfortable and we had all that we needed in the room.I would recommend this hotel for the staff, the location, the rooms and the relative value (for Venice). I would recommend against this room if you feel a need to be located close to the Rialto Bridge or St. Mark's Square (after trying to convince you to enjoy the walk and stay away from the traffic).Overall, we would highly recommend the Hotel al Ponte Mocenigo. We truly enjoyed our stay there and if we go back to Venice, we would likely stay here again.

Great Hotel, Great Grounds, Great Location While down here in Puerto Rico, we scoped out all of the other hotels that were on our list. The Caribe Hilton has a great beach, and there is a breakwater out a ways from the hotel that keeps the water nice and calm. The resort is probably the largest in San Juan and there are huge pools and tons of places to spread out. You won't feel hemmed in here. The grounds were beautiful and the various locations where you could sit down were perfect. Request a room in the Hilton Honors tower, which is the newest renovated part of the resort. The room was very clean and the bed was super comfortable. We didn't have much a view, but I really didn't spend a whole lot of time in the room other than to sleep and shower. The bathroom was really big and had a great shower. The food in the pool bar was nothing to write home about, but there were plenty of options like Starbucks and a Subway if you just wanted a sandwich during the day. The hotel was maybe 10 minutes from Old San Juan which compared to the 30 minutes from the Ritz or Intercontinental was really nice. Everyone at the hotel was super friendly and nice and the service was excellent. The concierges worked very hard to get us into great restaurants and the staff around the pool was very polite and friendly. As far as nightlife goes, the hotel doesn't get that busy at night although on the Thursday we were here, they were having a huge party and tons of young people were here.We thoroughly enjoyed our stay and I would without a doubt come back here again.

Beautiful resort but... My wife I just returned from a 1 week stay at the Bahia Principe from March 12-19/2007 through Air Canada Vacations. We met up with 2 other couples that arrived earlier.I was told that about 5000 people were staying at the resort over the March break. Unfortunately, we had little option due to work constraints. However, the resort had about 2000 staff working. Suffice it to say, the resort was a little busier then I would have liked. But considering the number of guests I really don't have a complaint regarding the staff.Like many others before me, I read review upon review trying to get a grasp on what to expect during my vacation. On to the useful information....Airport - you will need a $10 tourist card upon arrival have to pay $20(cash) upon departure- if you are over-weight upon return say you will be paying with a credit card they will waive the charge- the porters are aggressive but avoidable so long as you quickly grab your own luggage for the 30 second walk to your shuttle bus- the food is VERY expensive, a small meal at Wendy's cost $18US- DO NOT wait to buy your alcohol at Duty Free, I found the prices to be at least 3 times the amount of the resort- if you are looking for real cigars, they sell them at the duty free (terminal 2) for a reasonable priceResort staff- the staff was GREAT, they are dramatically underpaid with most coming from Santa Domingo(over 300 miles away)- they work 12 days on, 3 days off, 14-16 hour days for $2US- bring lots of $1 bills as they really deserve appreciate a little bit extra- we left our maid $2/day as well as a little something daily that we purchased at home from Dollarama- special mention goes out to Kasandra(Animation Team), John(Beach Bar, etc), I love you 20 times!!!, Juan(Swim-up Pool Bar) Juana(Cocktail Waitress in Lounge)- all of them made out trip very enjoyableFood- book your a la carte reservations ASAP- we booked at Mikado(Japanese), the Garden Grill(Steakhouse) Le Gourmet(French)- all were excellent highly recommended, however, the Japanese was a little rushed- we were able to slip in for 2 extra a la carte reservations just by showing up at the restaurant requesting to be seating- we left $5 after each meal which seemed to be the norm during our stay- the buffet was fresh during our 2 visits- we ate breakfast at Los Olas lunch at the Snack Bar- you will find that you get into a daily routineAlcohol- plentiful, be sure to ask if you do not want the bar selections- eg, if you like Gin order Tanqueray or Beefeater with your drink, Gordon's was considered a premium Gin down here with an up charge/drink...confused- be sure to check the lists provided- bring an insulated mug for the beach, the 52oz BUBBA comes highly recommendedBeach/Principe Village Vendors- they will start very high but eventually come down- a box of fake Monte Cristo's started at $175US sold between $20-25US, real tobacco though!!!- necklaces started at around $25US sold between $4-5US- bring stuff to barter with from home- the oil painting are not real, they are water/acrylic based with a laquer on top, also they are mass produced so pay accordinglyRooms- we stayed in Villa 6 on the Punta Cana side- 3rd floor with a King sized bed- very clean- close to the beach pool- purchased a safe rental upon arrival for valuables would recommend the sameEntertainment- usually ended around 10:30pm- Michael Jackson show Circus were mildly entertainingBeach/Ocean/Pools- breathtaking- unfortuantely, in order to get a prime Palapa(shade umbrella) we had to get up reserve it around 6:00AM- unlike many others who were no where to be seen all day, we arrived shortly after breakfast stayed until 5:00pmAll in all, it was a great vacation. I must say though, great for families, not a romantic getaway.

A pleasant surprise I had also read previous reviews of this hotel and was a little dismayed. But the positive reviews gave me hope as they had been more recent.I was pleased that the room I had reserved (one bedroom suite, smoking) for 10 days was available, as was another one of the same caliber. My room was clean, washroom had everything I needed (but I went and purchased some amenities I like due to my long duration).Kitchette was very very useful... I ate out once with friends, the rest I ate in. The hotel has a restaurant now, they are open for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. They are very popular with visitors and locals alike between 6 and 7 PM for Chinese/American cuisine.I was lucky to get a room on the 5th floor looking out over the pool toward Kuhio. The noise of Kuhio did not bother me nearly as much as it does when I stay at a hotel directly on Kuhio.The front desk staff was always helpful for anything I needed and I always felt safe in the hotel. Housekeeping was available most of the day, and if you needed something but didn't need a total room refresh, all you have to do is ask.Everything you want is right at Kuhio; all within walking distances, and rental car agencies are nearby as well.Parking is terrible, but the hotel readily advertises this on their website, so anyone who puts down this hotel because of that should have done their reading first. I only rented a car twice, the rest of the time everything was done by walking or cabs.I stay in Honolulu very very often, but at a different commercial chain. The Hokele Suites is great for a long stay. The price is great for the hotel style (typical Old Honolulu), and you really feel like you are at home. If you're only in town for a day or two, then spend 400$ a night at a beachfront property.Around the pool every afternoon and evening are groups of retired couples playing canasta... it feels like Miami beach... and very very comfortable. I can see the appeal to them for this hotel... it is away from the noise and chaos of Kalakaua and Kuhio.I didn't get to see the other rooms; mine had an internal entrance like any other hotel, but on the other side of the hotel they were external entrances.If you are worried about what others have said about this place but would like to stay, try to reserve a room where the lanai overlooks the pool. My room ended in 47... so I'm assuming the rest of the floors are the same.The hotel doesn't have wireless internet, and contrary to what others have said, it is difficult to hook onto another users' wireless from the surrounding buildings. But there is Oceanic High Speed available, you ask for the cord at the front desk, connect it to your laptop, and call Oceanic if you have any issues connecting. Rates are daily, weekly, and monthly.I do hope that this hotel will one day have its own wireless or high speed internet access; but whether you pay for it via Time Warner Oceanic or through hidden fees in your room fee, it is all the same in the long run.Nice hotel, friendly service, great Aloha spirit... I will definitely stay here again for an extended time in Waikiki!

Interesting Hotel Lounge Area

Fine hotel Having recently stayed in a couple of small, idiosyncratic French hotels I was ready to dislike this example of large, corporate, standardised fare- but I have to admit staying here for the bookfair was a very pleasant experience.The huge views from the thirtieth floor room, the clean, welcoming room (six pillows on the bed- what a treat!), helpful staff everywhere; I can't really pick fault. The breakfast room was also a delight: call me naive and untravelled, but I've never had the opportunity to have steak and roast pork for breakfast (along with all the more traditional stuff) and couldn't resist. A tip for those attending events at the messe just across the road: if the taxis are as in short supply outside the hotel for you as they were for us, hop on the tram down to the central station just a few stops away and all will be well, with loads of taxis and not too many people after them.

Great conference hotel Last year at the Frankfurt bookfair I stayed at the Marriott (fine hotel, see separate review) but on balance I think this was better: only a ten minute walk to hall 8 for us English speakers, the hotel itself not to be faulted on hospitality, cleanliness, etc., in spite of what other reveiewers might say. The building is striking: a giantlozenge pushed into a tall modern office block. Check-in was pleasant and professional; the lifts numerous and quick at all times; my room on the 14th floor clean, simple and with a rather awesome view, for those squeamish about heights, of the western end of the city.Bathroom perfect, though with bizarre/fashionable red rose wallpaper and window through to the main room; room perfect, with the exceptionof a wardrobe designed for elves rather than humans, so little storage space was there in it. The bar was convenient and service good. The restaurant- breakfast time, at least- was full of helpful staff and the breakfast buffet awesome in its choice of meals, everywhere between healthy and amazingly meat product-filled. This is not a family hotel. It's not a hotel for tourists who want towalk out into the old town of frankfurt. It's not for those who want idiosyncratic, old-fashioned charm. It's modern, professionally run and- I thought- well designed for a business clientele.

Get what you pay for From the front

Great Location The Bad:My stay started off to a rocky start. Trump is building a tower next door, I asked for a room on the opposite side of the construction and the front desk agent insisted it was. I asked a few times during the check in. When I got to the room I think it was as close to the construction as I could have gotten. When I went back to the fron desk, they said they had no more rooms. After 30 minutes and calling Hilton Honor's Diamond desk they finally gave me a room with two double beds in the other tower. They wouldn't give me an upgrade to a king bed, eventhough I'm a Diamond member with Hilton. The pool during the day is also loud because of the construction.The Good:Although I had a bad experience while checking in, the good well out weighed the bad. The service was great aside from the front desk. I met Mark, Assistant General Manager, the first night there and he remembered my name the entire trip, eleven days. Every night he greeted me by name at the manager's reception. The breakfast was great every morning and the staff was very nice and helpful. The hotel's location was ideal, although not on the beach, it was just a minute or so walk, but really close to restaurants and bars.

Sets a New Standard for Value Hotels The Aqua Ocean Tower Hotel was a one-night destination on Oahu before going to Maui. I can say for the price, service and location, this hotel be beat.We arrived very late one evening after a dreadfully long flight to Honolulu. We took the shuttle bus to the hotel. The front desk lady mentioned us BY NAME when we approached the front desk and made us feel very welcome. Check in took just minutes. I mentioned that we had an early morning flight to Maui and she offered to schedule a cab for us (since the shuttle would run too late), and would give us a wake up call in time. The elevators require a room key to access which made us feel good about safety. Our room was in good repair and very clean. not the Ritz, but you get the Ritz for about $100 per night either. We promptly got our wake up call but being very tired we dozed back off to sleep. 15 minutes later we got a second automated wake up call. We arose and began to prepare to leave. About 5 minutes before leaving the room, we got yet another call. This time it was the front desk lady who checked us in the night before. She said she just wanted to make sure we had made it up so we miss our flight. When we let her know we would be down in 5 minutes, we said she would call a cab. 5 minutes later we checked out and she had the cab waiting for us. What great service!If looking for a place near Waikiki beach and want to break the bank and get personalized service all at the same time, I would highly recommend the Aqua Ocean Tower. I cannot imagine a scenario where they could have done better for us.

Another 5 Stars for des Academies Just back from three nights at Hotel des Academies and can only echo the praise of previous reviewers. Having been open for only six months this hotel looks and feels in pristine condition and the staff seem genuinely pleased to welcome guest. Henri greeted us at lunchtime and took us personally along the street to their favourite restaurant (Wadja) and checked that they had a table available. The set meal (3 courses) was superb and very good value at per person. What is more, there was a problem with the credit card machine and, unbeknown to us, the bill for our meal was charged twice. At breakfast the next morning, Henri explained that the proprietor of the restaurant had been in to the hotel to explain and apologise for the error. We resolved the problem by going back there on our last day and having lunch again!Our Club room (11) at the hotel was very well equipped and as small as we expected. The bathroom was fine, except that they have a problem at the moment with the glass panels attached to the baths which are supposed to allow you to shower. There is no rubber strip at the bottom and therefore no seal between shower panel and the bath - result - lots of water on the floor when you step out of the shower! The hotel is aware of the problem - but might have warned us in advance.Continental Breakfast was ample and beautifully presented.Not the cheapest hotel in Paris, but well worth the money.

for businesspeople not tourists Very ambivalent re this hotel which is not as pleasing as it used to be given the cost. refurbishment deterioration.Magniificent site with rail station at front door Raffles City shopping centre at back which has everything, food halls ,supermarket,internet outlet, many shops..The problem is the aesthetically unattractive unappealing barren foyer - no chairs for waiting when queues at reception, no colour , nothing Asian. And the noise level at reception foyer so loud I couldn't hear the receptionist because of the awful acoustic plus a thumping pianiste. It was always crowded too noisy as was the first floor restaurant where food was just average. The fact that Singapore has full employment was reflected in the disinterested attitude of the men looking after luggage .Once on the 58 floor excellent - large well serviced room with a great harbor view. Most obliging helpful room staff.Will stay again because of its location but avoid the foyer as much as possible.

Great location for train (Local 200 yards from zoo station for trains buses. Excellent helpful staff, lovely old building. Large room,clean, attractive dining room, good breakfast. Close to numerous restaurants. Quiet despite central, handy to city centre. Stairs but lovely staircases. Will stay again, ideal for Eurailers

Perfect Xmas Market Hotel We decided to go to Frankfurt to visit the Christmas Markets as we had heard alot of good about them.I got the Hilton on a cheap deal through work as i work for a travel company. I could not fault the Hotel one bit. Its about 250m away from the main underground station that takes you to and from the airport on Train number S8 or S9. It was 100m away from all the xmas markets and food stalls, and even had a few bars and restaurants within walking distance too! We had a big double room over looking the central park which was nice. The Bed was huge with very comfey Cushons and quilt! ... I couldnt wake up the nxt morning! Bathroom was bigish, it had a bath and a big walk-in shower with a glass panal door that could fit at least 3 people in! (not that you'd want to like! ... but you get my drift!) Best of all though was the Buffet Breakfast in the morning......WOW it was good! They had everything you could imagin and it was always hot and loads of it. Really nice! Room service was good, came within 10-15mins of ordering, and all the staff were happy and pleasant.I wouldnt suggest to buy a drink in the Bar part though as its very expensive! We had 2 Vodka's and Coke and it came to around 40Euro's just for that!Overall we enjoyed our stay there, and will deffo stay there again if visiting Frankfurt!Hope this review is good for you, if you need to know anything else don't hessitate to email me. Cheers!

Great Choice Comfortable and Convenient Newly remodeled, very comfortable beds and all the modern conveniences.Wonderful location convenient to the charming small French- frequented restaurants. Has it all and very reasonable rates. Enjoy.

Pleasant Experience and Great Location We enjoyed all the pleasant experiences noted by other travelers. The staff was very helpful with theatre reservations and restaurant recommendations.The location on Plaza Santa Ana has numerous sidewalk cafesand is walkable to other Plazas, the Prado, the Thyssen, Royal Palace, etc.The hot breakfast was included, enjoyable and provided in the hotel's tapas bar immediatly adjacent.Madrid is a very expensive, very cosmopolitan city. This was a geat experience and value. You will enjoy your stay.

Two sleepless nights... We arrived at the Ohana West just along the street at 1am after a 9 hour flight, to find that our pre-cruise one night booking hadn't been correctly confirmed, and that only one room had been booked instead of two (we were travelling with friends). Hotel was full. Friday night at 1am the noise in the street was deafening. The receptionist eventually got us into the Wyland, 4 blocks away, so we dragged our luggage down to the Wyland - running the gaunlet of the noisy drunks. A great start...Bryan, the night porter sorted us out the two rooms efficiently. Oh such bliss, such a nice tasteful foyer, clean and modern. The room was tastefully furnished but twin bedded. Hey, we were glad of any bed by this stage. The bliss was short-lived. We were in room 305. Tip: odd numbers are on the street side... Book an even numbered room, as high up as you can get, with the bedding arrangements your secondary consideration...The noise outside was such that no sleep at all was possible until well after 3am. Harley Davisons (there are lots around), cars with boom box stereos, shouting drunks, police sirens, you name it, we had it. A terrible night. Why can't they fit double glazing? Is is that difficult these days?We weren't offered the free breakfast (thank goodness), but did elect to stay the following Saturday night, as the original hotel was a worse nightmare waiting to happen - and they were full - again, anyway and we confirmed a pool facing room, expecting that to be fine.Needless to say, the following Saturday, we arrived early after the cruise, dumped our bags with a helpful Rudi, and returned to occupy the room at 1pm. Very nice indeed - on the surface. We had just had 7 wonderful days on the Pride Of America and we were well used to the whisper quiet cabin air conditioning and totally quiet nights.If we thought that just shifting to a pool facing room was going to resolve the noise issue, we were unfortunately wrong. We were allocated a corner room - 302, pool side but not overlooking the pool... which during the day had the bonus of a side window, albeit, overlooking the convenience store.All that happened was that instead of the room noise at night coming in via the ranchsliders, it came in via the side window... What was even worse was that that some bright spark had postioned the wall mounted aircon unit, the width of the bedside table away - about bed sleeping height, level with the head. (The beds are very high...) We hoped that this would at least mask the street noise, as it made a fair amount of noise of its own.Option 1 - switch it off - but it was far too hot.Option 2 - switch the very noisy unit on, but suffer the cold draft on your back or shoulders, as there was no way of directing the air upwards.At 3.30am, when the last shouting drunk had been sorted and the bikies had gone home, I decided to sleep on the floor - until my dear wife who was also still struggling to get any sleep, suggested we strip the bed and relocate the pillows to the foot of the bed. That worked well - but as we had to be up at 5:45am, we still didn't get much sleep.Its a shame, as the ambience of the place is very pleasant, the outdoor spa is spot on. Internet access was free. Joanna, running the bar, suggested we eat at Nick's Fish Market. We did. The most expensive meal I have ever had in my life... She's an attractive girl, so when we returned, she confirmed of course that she rarely had to pay... But that is not relevant to a Wyland review.Stay by all means, and if you can avoid the street noise, you'll probably enjoy it. It's certainly a far classier place than our original package booking, but once again, a frustrating loss of sleep ruining what should have been a relaxing couple of days.

Central Location with Near the Uncommon Commons Sunset from our balcony

Life's a Beach in the Reef Hotel view from the ocean

Nearby the Wharf and Charming Lobby view

Charming Contemporary Hotel View out our hotel window

Convenient, Spacious and Modern Marina View from our hotel room, 6th floor

A Gem on 35th Street View looking up 35th St toward hotel

Good location, clean I spent 3 nights at this hotel, I chose it mainly for its location, in Chinatown, very good to explore the city, either walking or by public transportation. I was not disappointed by the location, and I also found that it was very clean indeed, as I had previously read on other reviews here. Good location and clean room are the 2 most important things to me, and this hotel did not disappoint me. The room was very small as I had also read on another guidebook, but I planned on staying almost the whole day out of the room, exploring the city, so I didn't care about that. It can be very noisy at any time of the day or the night, both because of the cleaning people and (mainly) because of people who have no respect of the others. Wireless internet was expensive, however the area is full of internet cafe's.Overall a good experience to me, would choose it again.

A Great Value We chose this hotel to catch a few hours sleep prior to an early flight home. It was an excellent choice for the price. The rooms were a bit smaller than some but were clean and had all the required amenities. We found the beds to be comfortable and the room was quiet. It is only five minutes from the rental car return at the airport. This is an economy hotel, but I would recommend as a place to stay when flying from Phoenix.

W Hotel and W tips Bkfast at House Tree Lanai, beach view

Loved the location We booked the Swissotel direct online with the hotel (as recommended bya previous Trip Advisor report) for a 4 night weekend stay. My husband and I took his mother for a sightseeing trip to Amsterdam to celebrate her 85th birthday. We wanted a central hotel with good facilities. We obtained a business rate with breakfast and a guaranteed refurbished room, which were both excellent. Although the rooms had no views, they were spacious and comfortable with very acceptable extras such as a large bowl of fruit, bathrobes, tea/coffee making facilities and iron ironing board. The staff in the hotel could not have been more helpful. For my mother-in-law's convenience due to her age, we took a taxi from the airport each way, which cost 45 euros and both drivers expected a 5 euro tip! A little excessive we thought. Had we been on our own, we would have taken the train to Central Station and walked to the Hotel, which was only about a 10/15 minute walk away. We were central to everything in Amsterdam - tram stop across the road - and the report which complained about the non-nearness of the canals had a different view to ours. There was only a 10 minute walk along Damrak either way to reach the canals and those by Central Station included all the canal boat excursions you could have wished. We had a evening meal in the hotel's adjoining Dam Plaza restaurant which was very good and we also dined in the restaurant of De Roode Leeuw two doors away and the Restaurant Reflet in the Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky across the square, both of which were excellent. We did the evening dinner canal cruise which was a little expensive at over 60 euros, but could not be faulted for the atmosphere and experience. The tour company offices for excursions, booked for us by the friendly Hotel staff, were just across Dam Square, which was also very convenient. The Panoramic City tour, which finished at the Diamond factory, was very disappointing and not worth the money but the trip to Volendam and Marken was very good in terms of value and content. We also enjoyed sitting outside in the warm evening temperatures in the bar of the Dam Plaza with the very friendly barmen and people watching all the activities in Dam Square. A most enjoyable experience and we would recommend the Swissotel as a very good hotel to stay at for a weekend break in Amsterdam - just insist on the refurbished rooms!

The Best Stayed there as a part of romantic trip to Arizona for 3 days.First 4 days were in Sanctuary at Camelback, and then moved to Royal PalmsIn summary one of the best places I ever stayed/see my travel places for comparison/Superb service, location, pool,room, ambienceI wish I can spend a week every year there

Great Location!!! Me and a friend just returned from a three night stay at La Gioconda and to be honest it was better than i expected especially for the reviews ive seen on here. Check in took literally one minute and we where off to our room, which was surprisingly big for a standard European hotel. The hotel is very easy to find, especially coming from the train station. The hotel is a short walk from anywhere you need to go in Florence, and to top it off there in an internet cafe right around the corner that provides cheep and reliable internet. I very much recommend this hotel for its comfort and its great location. You go wrong by choosing La Gioconda.

Absolutely Fabulous. We stayed at the Casablanca from March 10th till March 17th 2005. It is undoubtedly one of the most charming hotels had the pleasure to stay in. Location is excellent, seconds from Times Square, Theatre district and minutes from 42nd St. Subway station. and Empire State are about 15 minutes walk from the hotel handy when returning laden with shopping. Despite its proximity to the hustle and bustle of Times Square it is incredibly quiet. The staff were excellent and very informative always willing to help out with a dinner reservation and took a genuine interest in our itinerary (especially keen on our reviews of the Broadway shows seen Avenue Q is brilliant). The hotel continental breakfast is better than expected and is a must for the walking required in New York. The wine and cheese was lovely to wind down to after a hectic day in the city and perfect for pre-dinner, theatre, Jazz drinks. This is accompanied with live piano music which sad to say is dying out in hotels now but full credit to the Casablanca for keeping it alive. The room was reasonably sized considering New penchant for human rabbit hutches. We had quite a small bed between two of us but that was more Expedia not explaining the bed sizes properly something to have in mind next time. Thus in summation Casablanca location is excellent, staff are very friendly and the rooms are high above acceptable standard. I will definitely be staying here again and would not hesitate to recommend this it has been eloquently called by previous reviewers to my dearest friends and family.

Great Value and Staff were excellent. We stayed at the Caravaggio from July 3rd till July 6th 2005. It is a charming hotel and was a pleasure to stay in. Location is good, 10 minutes walk north of the Duomo (Florence is not a big city and everything is easily in walking distance). The hotel is only 5 minutes walk from the train station , or if laden with luggage a cheap taxi fare. Despite florence lack of greenery the Caravaggio sits opposite a pleasent green Piazza. The staff were excellent and very informative always willing to help out with a dinner reservation and took a genuine interest in our itinerary (especially warning us about the morning queues for the Uffuzi). The hotel continental breakfast is better than expected and is a must for the walking required in Florence. The room was a good size with a wonderful view over the Duomo (Which unless your extremely luckly you pay extra for).Thus in summation Caravaggio's location is very good, staff are very friendly and the rooms are high above acceptable standard for what you pay. I will definitely be staying here again and have'nt hesitated to recommend this to friends and family.

Perfect for a city break This is a large hotel in the heart of Boston's financial district and perfect for roaming the streets of old Boston. Our king bed room was of good size, well appointed and spotlessly clean. The staff were all eager to assist and a refreshing change to some other large city hotels at which we've stayed. One item I should mention; there is no safe in the room. Valuables have to be stored in safe boxes located with the concierge. This is not a problem except for the fact that boxes are limited in size and number. We had a great stay and can recommend this hotel to visitors wanting to see Historic Boston and the walk the Freedom Trail.

Small This small hotel just off Union Square is fine if you're looking for handy accommodation to see the city. The Art Deco styling is quaint but tired and the place could do with the benefit of an extensive face lift. That said, we had a executive king suite which was clean and spacious and on the whole very comfortable but some of the more public areas are not so appealing and definitely not as described on the hotels web site.

Great Location! I stayed at the Crowne Plaza, Berlin for 3 nights whilst on a city break. The staff were extremely friendly, always willing to help and most, if not all, had a high standard of English.My room was on the sixth floor (which had a pleasant scent of peach), it was clean and comfortable and the TV had three English channels (CNN, BBC and Sky) as well as other channels in French, Spanish and Italian (and obviously German!)The location of the hotel was excellent- it's only a short walk from the KaDeWe (huge shopping centre), the Kaiser Wilheim Gedachtniskirche, the zoo and the Europa Centre.There's also a taxi rank outside if you want to go anywhere else in the city [but be careful- the Taxis in Berlin are not cheap!]The only meal I had in the Hotel was Breakfast. It's buffet style and there is a lot to chose from, including different types of breads, meats, cereals, fruit and juices.The only complaint I have about the hotel is the prices [i.e The Bar, business centre etc..] It's almost for a glass of orange juice in the bar, and a usage time of 15 minutes on the Internet in the business centre costs I was satisfied with my stay in the Crowne Plaza and would stay there again if I return to Berlin.

Nice It was a nice hotel from our side of the tower. We stayed at the suite tower floor was 17 I believe, beautiful views of the beach and the mountain. It was a nice experience nothing special. The hotel was across the street from the beach which became a hassle if you wanted to go there, but it was doable. The concierge staff was outstanding we did so many activities through his suggestions. All in all it was a nice hotel nothing fancy, nothing horrible about it, they did have a great breakfast buffet though, which I suggest but might be pricey. It's an above average hotel from our tower, but I heard the tower in the back is more like a 2 star.

Very nice airport hotel We stayed here on a Friday night in late March, two couples in two rooms. Thanks to its direct bridge connection to the airport, this Hilton is an excellent location for an overnight stay near the airport -- and with the free shuttle to the airport subway station, it's also conveniently located for sightseeing trips into the city. We got a very good price the night we stayed, and thought about staying here again the following weekend but the price had more than doubled; it's an excellent $150 hotel but not worth $350!The rooms are modern, well furnished and clean, and those on the city side have a nice view of downtown. All of the staff were very friendly and helpful. On-site food choices are somewhat limited and a bit pricey, but the bar is quite nice and you can get morning coffee and pastries in the lobby.

excellent Neri Stayed there in November 2005. Superior room 203. Very atmospheric - different but good. Own LCD TV,CD player (borrow CDs from reception), decor and comfort superb, breakfasts bit expensive at 18 euro but good. Not all taximen can find. Watch pickpockets around Cathedral.

Hotel is so so Hyatt in SF

Better than most My idea of be much different from most willing to settle for an inexpensive as a business traveler, I look for cleanliness, bed comfort, fast internet, and conveniences like a refrig and microwave. A view is always the cherry on top of my rapid rewards. Picky.Okay Hotel Rex:Great design. Easy to find, and the white zone to park the car may be Valet attendant was very prompt and helpful. Always good to tip. Check in was fast and easy.Room: Pulled down the sheets to check for hairs. Very clean sheets! BUT!! of holes and rips. Reported to the front desk and sheets were replaced with less holy. Nice bed pillows not smell like hair tonic! No refrig or microwave. An honor bar with a bunch of food and expensive libations. Provided toiletries were all Aveda. Free wireless internet.The free wine reception poured decent tasting wines. The was a very nice and lovely lady met some fun folks at the bar, enjoying two nights of reception / tipsiness. The I ate breakfast which was ok, and dinner that was really good = the chicken mole plate!! Yum. Watch for rooms facing the street and lack of air-conditioning. You can get a room with A/C and away from the street. Walking distance to Union Square and located amidst tons of restaurants. Parking is $38. Add that to your room and you are spending some cash. The other good choice in the area is Hotel Milano off Market. The Rex is a step above the rest, so it is worth checking out for at least the amenities and classic

Good average hotel Front of hotel

Well below average I was looking for an above-average traveler's hotel for a one-night stay. Unfortunately, this is below average. Rooms are large but very plain, with furnishings and fixtures as cheap as possible. The hotel shows its age and badly needs refurbishing. Bathroom sink was on a slight slant because it was pulling out of the wall. Nothing is especially terrible or unacceptable about this hotel. It is just subpar.

Stylish and well located This is a very well located, stylish hotel. My ground-floor single was roomy and had an ultra-modern decor. The room was all white with dark brown furnishings. The bathroom basin was of frosted glass. The bathroom arrangement was fronted with glass and had no door. You could look directly from the bedroom area through the glass into the shower stall and bathroom counter area. The room had a low profile bed, closet, safe and roomy bathroom granite counter.The hotel is an easy 2-block walk directly north of the main train station. Most of its ground-floor public area is taken up with the hotel's restaurant. The lobby consists of just a long registration desk located in a small room.

Great hotel Stayed here as part of a conference package. Pricey but worth it - I was upgraded to a fantastic suite. Pool area first class but hotel guests have to pay - a bit mean I think. Quite a walk from the old town too.

Nother drunk adventure check out the water

Nice time at Le Meridien SF We had a rather large family grouping visiting San Fran for two days and stayed at Le Meridien. We also had a rather complicated reservation as two rooms were booked one way and another room was booked differently. We arrived at noon (three hours before check-in) and not only did they easily link all the reservations, we were checked in and placed in rooms directly next to each other. It was a refreshingly quick and efficient check-in. I went in all three rooms after check-in to make sure they were the bed types we had requested, and everything was fine. The only thing I noticed was that some rooms are slightly larger than others, but this can be seen in the building maps as the building is larger toward the center, and narrower at the end. Even if getting a smaller room, I would not have thought anything of it. Our room had a slight view of the Bay Bridge, but was nothing spectacular. I did like the floor to ceiling windows and found the (what seemed to be) newly renovated room to be nice. Probably the biggest bonus to this hotel is the location. It's in the middle of all the action: Chinatown, Financial District, Embarcadero Center (mall), and only a couple blocks from the Ferry Plaza and Embarcadero. The location alone is worth it here let alone that it's a nice hotel.Also, as noted in many previous posts, parking is significantly steep at this hotel (as it is at most hotels around the city). I followed someone else's suggestion and parked at 1 Embarcadero Center (literally across a two lane street) for $32 dollars a day. This was a fine option and the walk was minimal at most.Pros:-Location, Location, LOCATION-Nice rooms-Good check-in and pleasant staffCons:-Not the best view?-Parking is expensive

Berlin Experiance We visited Berlin on a three day trip Sunday through Tuesday at the end of October 2008 and stayed at the Steigenberger Berlin.We drove to Berling arriving early on the Sunday morning at 10.30am after parking our car in the hotels underground parking facility we took the elevator to the reception area and our Steigenberger experiance began.The staff on reception were so helpful and we were allocated our room immeadiately as normally one has to wait at such an early time in the day. The location is in the heart of the city and within walking distance of many tourist attractions as well as easy access to the underground train system.On the first evening we ate in the hotel restuarant and although not busy provided excellent food and service.Now breakfast in this hotel is something else with a choice to be envied by its competitors.We thourghly enjoyed our stay at the Steigenberger and would recommend it to anyone who wishes a memorable stay in Berlin.We just wished we had had a longer time to stay as this hotel has lovely spa facilities which we wished we had time to use.

Shockingly bad... check out within 90 minutes. This is the second TripAdvisor review I've ever written, but I thought it was worth it.I booked this hotel directly through their very sexy website. I live in New York and have had a cocktail or two at the Meatpacking outpost - having said that it's not my scene, but the service seemed good and the hotel gets ok reviews.There is clearly a big difference between running a city hotel and a a beach resort, which I'm not sure the management has got their head around.On check-in we were told we could have a 'really special room' on the 8th floor (the original was on the 5th) so somewhat excited we went to our room (overlooking the builders everywhere and the missing ceiling panels etc.)...The room was special indeed, with a view over the car park and straight into another apartment building. And the Ocean View was there - if you turned your head 90 degrees (we'd be told it was 'head on' - yes, head on a plate).So to the roof deck. The 100 foot bar. Granted the weather wasn't good and the hotel wasn't busy (good job as the deck wasn't finished, their were workers all over the unfinished changing rooms and the wiring for the sound system was hanging loose. I said, let's have a sandwich.Well, I said it to myself as the bar-boy was too busy being filmed to serve us. Finally we ordered a beer and a sandwich. Well at this point the rain really came down and we asked if they could bring the sandwiches to our room as we were going to chill there (over-looking the car-lot)...One hour later, no sandwiches. Call front-desk, line permanently engaged, had to ring the hotels full number, as if calling externally and even then they couldn't figure out where the plunge rooftop bar was. Get hung up on 2 times and woman on roof bar doesn't understand what's happening.Sandwiches arrive, looking like they were made in a bad deli, and of course cold and rained upon. Ring duty manager at this point, room bad, food bad, service bad, hotel REALLY unfinished, she tells me 'There's nothing I can do about the food as we sub-contract the restaurants'. Right, so you can't refund me the cost of these 2 cold wet sandwiches 'I can't do that I'll have to get the food and bev manager'.Not great. They come and move us and as we walk through the building site we move to the 6th floor and face the ocean (well that's a lie actually, they tell me NONE of the rooms FACE the ocean - I reckon they saved all those for the condos)... that's all well and good, apart from the dawning realisation that the beach really is a building site. Mounds of sand, no loungers, no view, nothing. It's like The Palm in Dubai.At this point (and this is a $400 room) I'm done. The hotel is as close to SoBe as Narnia, the service is terrible, they clearly care more about selling real estate than providing any semblance of service and on that point we quit.No real apologies on departure (well we get the 70 dollars back for 2 sandwiches) and we check-in to The Tides. Same price, bfast included and service like you expect. Don't be fooled by the fake cool. This hotel is not ready. Not good and not worth it.

Pretty friggin' good After reading all of the great reviews I've seen on here, my family (42 years old, 16 years old boy, 12 years old boy) decided on the Belvedere. It was pretty nice, but one of the bellmen was very rude for no reason (I expected it, but I was still a little mad), and the concerige also had a bit of an attitude. Overall the rooms were great (as big as I've ever stayed at..not small at all), the bathrooms were a little small and the water pressure in the showers sucked but it wasn't anything we couldn't handle. The hotel's great, especially the location, and I LOVE New York!!! Everyone should go!!

Loved it. Super-fast check in, large room, and the best view I've ever gotten. Ask for a room above the 30th floor, you won't be disappointed. I keep hearing complaints about construction, but I never heard a thing. It might have been because I was so high up, but I wouldn't be too concerned. Housekeeping comes by twice a day, and it's close to everything. About 200 steps away is the Chambers St. station, which takes you everywhere. Very safe, very secure. I'd recommend it to anyone.

Marvellous Hotel Stayed at this excellent hotel for a short city break. Room was large, clean and comfortable with a fantastic view from the very large window (sixth floor). Staff were friendly and most helpful and the breakfast was truly great - kept us going for most of the day. Although the location was quiet, it was within easy walking distance of museums, Leidesplein, trams and canal bus stop. Would definitely stay ther again.

Great location, wondeful staff... dignified atmosphere Having arrived at the Hotel Lungarno very upset that BA had lost our luggage AGAIN!!! my wife a family friend and I could not have been looked after better. The Staff were VERY helpful, even upgrading our rooms to spectacular river views. They told us where we could quickly get stocked up with all the things BA had lost.The breakfast is excellent with all the usual buffet items, what was a very nice surprise was the 'cooked' Breakfast... great bacon and sausages with Fresh Scrambled eggs.FREE Internet connection in every room and use of laptops if you need them.We had a wonderful stay and will DEFINITELY return.

Wonderful place Everything about the hotel is excellent - it may not have the facilities of a 5 star hotel but the customer service (Matteo, Oliviero, Rosalba et al) is better than any 5 star hotel we have ever stayed in.Would re-iterate everyone else's comments - if you visit Venice, you must stay here - it makes the trip that little bit more special.Restaurants - Antico Dolo (ask Matteo for directions) was superb, El Corte was also very good for Pizza and prices reasonable.....wasn't impressed at all with Aqua pazza - very expensive, food average at best and service not even close to that delivered by the Antico Dolo staff.Transport - floods prevented us getting the Airport water bus to Rialto, so we took the water bus to St Mark's square instead - took over 1.5hrs, very slow, crowded and would not recommend it. For the journey home, we walked to the Piazzale Roma (bus station) - 20mins and caught the bus to the airport - each, lots of space and 20 mins later we were right outside the arrivals hall. Enjoy your visit to Venice, make sure you try the 'local trendy drink' - Spritz but go with Aperol instead of Campari.

Great Location and Good Value This Hotel is near Darling Harbour and not on the waterfront. The location is excellent and in our opinion better than the Sydney Harbour Holiday Inn. It is less than 5 min walk to Darling Harbour and the excelent eating/drinking establishments there. It is also very near Chinatown, the light rail and the monorail.The staff were helpful and the value for money excellent. The rooms are small but adequate and very clean.We would stay there again and would recmomend this hotel and area for 1st time visitors to Sydney. It was an excelent choice as we were there for 4 days before a cruise.

Unit 84954 VRBO Great Value We stayed in unit 84954 and booked it via VRBO site. This is a newly renovated unit and it is excellent in every aspect. The owner Helen is very helpful and she has thought of every little need one could want. She has water in the fridge a bottle of wine some candies and cookies etc. She thinks of everything. She calls to check on the stay very service oriented. Just Great thanks very much HelenWe would stay there again and would recomend this to anyone.The only downside is it is on the 8th floor and the view really is of the parking lot of the shopping center next door. This is the only small negative but this is a great location (away from the main part of beach) The place is very very clean and new.All in all this is a great unit at a great price.

The only Place to stay in Venice We have stayed at this property before and would not stay anywhere else in Venice. I would echo the comments of the last couple of reports.Paulo and Daniel are outstanding as is Paulo 's wine both sparkling and his sweet after dinner wine.This is a great hotel and is great value for Venice

Great stay at the Kapok This was a generally pleasant stay for us, certainly different in character to the Novotel Peace Beijing, where we stayed for the earlier part of our trip. The location is excellent, in a quieter area, yet a throw to the Forbidden City and Wangfujing shopping areas. Although sitting in an older building, the hotel interior is totally refurbished and spanking new. The modern, boutique style will sit well with younger travelers and those averse to the overblown and faded grandeur of the older hotels. Reception and related service was excellent, very friendly and helpful although we did have to speak in Chinese to be very effective. The business centre was terrible however staff was un-knowledgeable to the extreme, and although polite, lacked any sort of initiative and helpfulness.The rooms are clean-cut with modern layout (interesting all-glass bathroom), and space was adequate. Overall very comfortable and squeaky clean surroundings. Contrary to previous reviews, the heating in our room worked extremely well, unlike in other hotels in Beijing we stayed in. Some of my fellow travelers complained that the lighting was slightly too dim (sacrificing functionality for design). Opposite the hotel are several local food shops, which are great for an early and authentic breakfast. The Donghuamen Night Market just down the street is a great evening experience. Spa lovers miss Dragonfly Spa just a few doors away massages at a very reasonable priceI would recommend this hotel for younger travelers and those who are pretty self-sufficient (i.e. do not need the huge breakfasts etc of hotel chains). Do remember to bring the hotel card everywhere you go, and use the Donghuamen night market as a reference for taxi drivers who will not know this hotel 99% of the time.

What is everyone moaning about? I stayed at this hotel for my first visit to Barcelona.The location is superb. You cant get a better location.The hotel was clean and tidy. Basic but fairly modern.It was so good im going back in AugustBook this hotel if you want a hassle free stay in BarcelonaIt was fine !Ignore the Moaning. This hotel was great value for money

peace, quiet, and elegance I finally found a hotel in New Orleans that is peaceful and quiet compared to the rowdy convention hotels on Canal Street and Bourbon Street! I enjoyed my one night stay and will return. The staff is truly eager to please and very friendly. The breakfast is amazing andactually worth $16.99. Wish I had time to enjoy the beautiful rooftoppool. This centurion dowager is rich with history and beautiful architectural details. To be a true five star hotel, a little freshening up is needed. Every surface in the corridors and rooms should be repainted and probably complete carpet replacement is needed too. Don't let the little imperfections pervent you from enjoying a truly unique New Orleans experience.

Very nice, probably the best hotel I've ever stayed at This was the second time I have stayed at the Palomar, however only for a single night at the end of our San Francisco vacation in 2005. My previous stay there was for 4 nights in 2003.This is probably the finest hotel I have stayed at. The staff's attention to detail was impeccable. The bell hops, valet drivers, and front desk, all were very hospitable.The room was modern, well appointed and generally very comfortable. I enjoy boutique style hotels, as the Palomar is and it did not fail to disappoint. This room had a Market St. view which was also nice.My only regret was that we only stayed for a single night!Getting a discount rate on such a great hotel was excellent!Valet parking was a bit hefty, however I know parking is expensive in San Francisco.I hope to stay at the Palomar on my next visit to San Francisco!

Nice hotel for a quick business meeting. Stayed at the Marriott San Francisco Fisherman's Wharf for a quick business meeting. This is a medium sized 4 story hotel that is between the Fisherman's Wharf and North Beach Areas. Small lobby, small bar area and a small sit down restaurant greet you when you check in. Check in was very efficient and quick. They have only two elevators and there is often a wait--catch them going down to go up! Stairs are not available for use between floors for some reason. Once you get up to your room there can be a bit of a walk to your room.Rooms are average sized--separate bathroom with shower-tub combo, bed, desk, table, chair. Minibar in room, no safe was available. Coffee maker available. I was on the third floor facing Columbus Ave. and was worried about the noise, but did not hear anything at night! Rooms were clean, bed was comfortable.Used the small gym which had a couple of flat screen TVs, a couple of treadmills, single elliptical and a single recumbent bike. A few machines and free weight sets were available. There are two laundry machines in the gym area. Fresh fruit and water were available. No one was staffing the room.Meeting rooms were good for our meeting. Rooms are downstairs from the lobby and they had connecting stairs.Food in the restaurant was OK. The food issue is not a big deal, if you are visiting San Francisco, you will always be eating out!Location is good given the proximity to the Fisherman's Wharf area and a few block walk to the Italian North Beach area. Concierge set us up with a local Italian restaurant--very nice place. If you take public transportation, the hotel is nearby bus routes.Valet parking is available--about $40 dollars a day. There is no self parking.Hotel was very busy when we were there--a combination of conventioneers and bus tour groups. The lobby and the elevators were the bottlenecks in the hotel.Would I stay here if I wasn't on a business trip? Probably not, can think of other places I would want to stay. But for a quick business trip it was OK.

Nice Hotel, Great Location Stayed at Grand Hyatt, San Francisco for business meeting and visits with friends and family. Great location just off Union Square, extremely easy access to Downtown and Chinatown areas. Spent better part of time off from meeting wandering around shops.I went to graduate school in San Francisco and remember this hotel being other chains before it became the Grand Hyatt. It is a nice hotel. Staff is attentive, rooms ok. I arrived late and had the misfortune of getting a room on the fifth floor--very noisy with street noise and kind of claustrophobic, would definitely suggest an upper level room, as high as you can get. Request for a change was made and got a room on the 12 floor, which was much quieter and seemed bigger.Food was okay, ate 4 meals in hotel--nothing outstanding, but could be better considering you are in San Francisco! Another tip if you stay here--no self parking, valet is $43/ nite. You can save $20/nite by parking across the street at the Stockton/Sutter Public Parking garage, which is self parking. Parking in San Francisco is a nightmare.

quality hotel for business meeting with museum quality art collection Recently stayed at this hotel for the first time. Found the experience to very good. Check in is a breeze, room was very nice, bathroom a little cramped-- sufficient. Food was very good. Tried the gym, lots of equipment, indoor and outdoor pools, indoor and out door track and tennis courts. Meeting facilities were great. Also several shops for some souvenir shopping. Like most hotels in Dallas it is pretty spread out and there is some walking involved getting from meeting rooms and hotel room. What was really surprising was the amount and quality of the Asian art located around the hotel. Found out that it is part of an extensive private art collection by the people who own the property. Don't miss the amazing jade horses in the Nana Restaurant on the 27th floor.Would definitely stay in this hotel again.

A lucky find in San Francisco Had a bad experience at the Beach Motel and started looking for a hotel with parking that was not too far from the UCSF Medical Center, where my father was recovering from surgery. Having lived in San Francisco before, decided to try over by Japantown. Found the Best Western Hotel Tomo, which was previously the Hotel Miyako. They actually had rooms available on a walkup basis on a Friday afternoon! And to top it off they gave us a room for $149/nite with tax and parking included! This was for two double beds. Hotel is cute with a kind of Japanese Anime/pop culture motif. Monitors in lobby were playing Godzilla and Japanese cartoons!Hotel looks brand new with modern furnishings in the rooms. Room was immaculate with a small refrigerator, flat screen TV and toiletries by Lather, a very nice store in Los Angeles. Had a light bulb go out, staff came up immediately to fix it. Overall, staff was really very helpful.Japanese restaurant in hotel, did not try, but looked like there was a fun crowd in evening. Hotel was very quiet and safe.Parking does not accommodate all guest cars, so get back in early. My mother who was traveling with me really liked this hotel, even the Anime inspired wall paper in our room.Location is close to just about everything and it is very convenient for someone with car, as there is little traffic in this area. It is also across the street from Japantown and all the Japanese restaurants and shops.It was a lucky stroke to find this hotel and an even luckier stroke to get a room on a Friday without a reservation. I would definitely recommend this hotel for anyone looking for a good reasonably priced hotel in San Francisco.

Laissez les bons temps rouler--let the good times roll!! Had the good fortune to stay at the Country Inn and Suites. Located about three blocks outside of French Quarter. Practically next door, they are doing some construction work--some debris on street, but amazingly enough, did not find construction noise an issue--guess they start work late. There is not anything else on this block of Magazine street, other than another hotel across the street. Hotel looks new and they made good use of an older building. Lobby is well lit and extends to the sky lights in the ceiling, 5 floors up.Staff was very accommodating. Helped us find a a 24 hour pharmacy to get some prescription medication for one of my kids. New Orleans is still getting back on its feet and there are not many 24 hour pharmacies available. Had to take a taxi to this one at 6 AM. No problems calling for taxis at hotel--we did not rent a car. Happy to not have a car, most places can be reached by foot and the street cars on Canal street are only about a block away. Parking available at hotel for a fee. As we were there around time of Sugar Bowl and BCS bowl, traffic flow was restricted in the French Quarter.Suite room had two TV, wall safe, small frig, microwave and two queen beds and a full sized pull out sofa bed. Slept our family of 5 very comfortably. Internet is free, requires a cable in room, but wireless available in lobby. They also have a computer with printer available to print boarding passes--nice touch. Small pool and bar also available, but did not use either one.Breakfast was OK--hard boiled eggs, frozen patty sausage, pastries, bagels, toast, cereal and beverages. Sugar cookies all the time at front desk and a copy of USA today available in the morning. Fortunately, the rest of our meals were outside. We had coffee and beignets at Cafe du Monde, muffulotta sandwiches at Central Grocery and two very good dinners at Bayona and Isabelle's. Ate way too many praline candies. Still trying to work off the calories. Had a good time in New Orleans--wandered around the French Quarter, listened to jazz at Preservation Hall and shopped for gifts on Royal street. Took a tour with Tours by Isabelle--specialized in small tours--ours was 10 people and we went to see two plantations and the Cajun swamp country. This was a great tour with very good guides and I would highly recommend it to see what else there is outside of New Orleans.Saw areas still waiting to be rebuilt post Katrina. I would recommend this hotel if you do not want to be in the middle of the French Quarter and the craziness of Bourbon Street. Close enough to walk there, but far enough away to get some peace and quiet. Very family friendly and a great staff. Would definitely stay here again.

Great Hotel and great location in Tokyo Just returned from 6 day family vacation to Tokyo and had a marvelous stay at the Park Hotel. Arranged my stay via Hotel Website after reading accolades from Tripadvisor, very easy to use.Hotel is easily served by Airport Limo Bus Service from Narita Airport. Service is extremely attentive from the greeting at entrance to check in. English is not an issue. In fact, Tokyo is a lot easier to get around now with English translations in buildings, restaurants and subways.Hotel itself is very modern, airy and serene at the top of a 38 story building in Tokyo Shiodome, which is a series of modern skyscrapers serviced by subway and trains below street level and connected via pedestrian walkways on the third floor. Very quiet despite the activity down below. Didn't use the trains, but found the subway connected to the Ginza and Asakusa Lines, which will hit just about every tourist site in the Tokyo area. There is also a monorail that will take you to the seaside development of Odaiba. Hotel is ten minutes from the Wholesale Fish Market by foot--this a Tokyo must see, if you get up early.With my family of 5, got a twin and a triple. Rooms generous in size for Tokyo, bathrooms and amenities were very good. Restaurant services a very good breakfast buffet which our family enjoyed before hitting the streets. Did not eat any other meals in hotel--seemed pricey, but the building is connected to other Shiodome buildings--Carretta and City/Pedi Shiodome had a number of inexpensive and good restaurants offering a variety of Japanese and non-Japanese foods. There is a Family Mart in the basement level of Park Hotel building for snacks. While we were staying in the hotel, there was a free jazz concert every nite in the lobby.Service was excellent. The concierge services were very helpful and helped me to work with a tour agency that had lost our reservation for a tour to the Ghibili Museum on the outskirts of Tokyo. Fortunately, the concierge was able to clear up the problem and we got to go on our tour.Can not think of anything negative to say about the hotel, definitely worth the price, would definitely go back and would definitely recommend it to my friends. Thanks to all fellow Tripadvisor reviewers for the high rating this hotel gets and deserves!

This Hotel Is Numero Uno Just came back tonight (11-23) after a fantastic three night stay at the JW Mariott. It is one of the best hotels I have ever stayed anywhere. Clean, decent size rooms, paper at your door daily, comp bottled water in the room daily, great plasma tv on the wall and overall excellent.

Melia bali - Honeymoon Just returned fro a 2 week stay at the melia and we have not a bad word to say about this fantastic hotel or this beauiful island.Nusa dua is located to the south of the island around half an hour from the airport, Nusa dua is also very safe and secure with every vehicle being checked over by security guards as you enter through the gates and again when you enter the hotel grounds, But please do not be worried about walking round in bali as it is all very safe and friendly, There are some fantastic authentic resturants just outside the nusa dua gates or for a good resturant inside the gates there is a shopping center called bali collection which has a free shuttle bus from all the hotels ( just ask at reception)The Hotel is set in a fantastic location right on the beach the rooms are very nice and spacious with a very traditional modern balinese feel which is carried on through the hotel there are also many resturants in the hotel grounds, Styles include japanese medeterainian, tapas and world cusine.Our stay at the melia was truley unforgettable and bali is such a fantastic island.Tj Sarah

Fabulous Hotel !! my room in Feb. 2008

Great Hotel! surprisingly good! Friendly! Great Cityhotel! This is surely a very modern, sober and great city hotel. The prices are totally ok, and the rooms are spacious and have amazing bathrooms!Although in the vicinity of the railwaystation the Hotel is really quiet and beautiful.The hotel just has a special little something that makes your stay so pleasant!The staff is very attentive and friendly. All in all a perfect stay I was there shortly before Christmas 2006. It was a great trip!If I go to Florence again i will definately go again to the Da Vinci!

Best Western Hotel City Ost - nice place(clean quiet friendly) Best Western Hotel City Ost is a nice place to stay on Frankfurter Allee one of the main avenues back in old East-Berlin. The hotel is directly on a subway-station and taxis take 5mins to get you to Alexanderplatz.Nice Hotel also to discover Kreuzberg or Prenzlau as these areas are relatively close by. I stayed there one night. It's clean its ok maybe nothing totally special but clean friendly and tidy and thats what matters.

A Nice Surprise My wife and I stayed at the Holiday Inn Express on Highland Blvd due to its proximity to the Hollywood Bowl (it is walking distance to the concert venue). We were unsure if we were paying for the hotel or the location to the walk of fame, hollywood bowl, etc. We were suprised to find a hotel that had great staff and great admentities. The room was excellent with a soft, comfortable bed and large flat screen TV. Overall, we were happy we stayed on this property and would glady do so again.

very good cost bennefit relation Great experience. We stayed for 5 days. Lovely staff, great breakfast. take a room w/ a view to Victoria Bay.Very good location, close to subway. We do recomend this hotel!!!

TERRIBLE!!!!!!!! Terrible experience!!Front desk speaks a awful english even for a Brazilian like me. The room we reserve wasn't available. So they transfered us to a villa. What supposed to be un upgrande it was a downgrade, II guess!!The air condition breaks every day. There are roaches everywere, the sidewalk to the villa was slippery....The location is good. Very close (walking distance) to the main shops and restaurants of kuta (if you could get to the destination without being disturbed by taxi cabs, salesmen etc....)We spent 4 days here and move to a resort in Nusa Dua. Weshoud have done this since the begining...If you are not teenager, surfist or anything like that go to another place....

Great Hotel We stayed here for a weekend and very much enjoyed this hotel. It has many great facilities and is in a good (and quiet) location. Rooms are nice and the lobby is very attractive.Breakfast was exceptional however a bit expensive at each.I would probably stay here again if returning to Amsterdam.

Metro is just great We spent 5 nights at the Metro over Easter period. Every aspect of the hotel met and exceeded our expectations.The location is superb being close to Empire State, Macy's etc. Staff were always very helpful and friendly. Internet room provided (free) was very well equiped. Rooftop terrace (bar at night) was just superb with great views to ESB and other buildings of interest. Gym is well equiped. Free continental breakfast was quite good and a bonus as most places it is extra - shame all of the plates and cutlery are throw aways!Overall loved the hotel (decor is lovely). Could not think of one negative aspect of the hotel in the time that we stayed. Would recommend highly.

Great Serviced Apartment We stayed in the 2br serviced apartment at Star City for a weekend trip and were very happy with it. Convenient location, big spacious apartment, and very clean. Highly recommended for Sydney visitors.

Oasis in the desert View of beautiful inner courtyard

Great location but grossly overpriced for quality of accomodations Closet

Very good downtown New Orleans hotel 3609 - Bed

Only if the price is right Hilton New Orleans / St Charles Ave. is the Hilton Corporation's latest high-end offering in New Orleans, having just opened in Spring of 2007. The hotel is actually a refurb of the former Hotel Monaco that never reopened after Katrina. My wife and I spent 2 nights here during Mardi Gras 2008. We got a great rate ($119/night) by booking a full year in advance (our rate was so good that management actually sent us a letter that complained about us booking before they were ready. They honored the rate anyway, but this was pretty low class for a major hotel chain, especially for a customer who has Diamond status in their loyalty program.)Location: This is the Hilton's main selling point. You are about 5 blocks to the Riverwalk. 4 blocks to Harrah's. 7-8 blocks to the Convention Center. 6 blocks to the Superdome. 4 blocks to the French Quarter. You get the picture: this is a very centrally located hotel. Plus for Mardi Gras fans, every parade in the City passes directly in front of the hotel.Rooms: The building that houses the hotel was originally built in 1926. When the conversion was done, clearly the emphasis was on quantity of rooms rather than size because the rooms and bathrooms are small (definitely not any larger than those at the Hampton Inn a block away). The Hilton has largely retained the Monaco's conversion, right down to room configuration and certain furnishings. The rooms lack any of the modern amenities that you generally expect at new, high-end hotels such as plasma TVs and ergonomic desk chairs. The furnishings are nice, not overly worn, but clearly not what I expected for a hotel with a $250/night rack rate.Service: Marginal at best. The maid threw a couple of towels at us on Saturday morning, but never returned to make the beds or remove the used towels. The hotel's snack pantry lacks even the selection you would find at a mid-level hotel such as Staybridge Suites. The bell desk WAS helpful and efficient on Sunday morning.Honors Recognition: Never once during my stay was I recognized as a Diamond Hilton Honors member. Nor was I ever offered access to the Executive lounge or any of the other benefits I am generally entitled to.Other Amenities: During Mardi Gras, the hotel sets up its own viewing platform in front of the hotel for hotel guests only. Tickets for Friday night were $50/person and $75 for all day Saturday. We didn't take advantage, preferring to try our luck on the streets. The stands offered by the City of New Orleans can be had in the $20/person range if you book in advance.Overall, I'd say the Hilton New Orleans / St Charles Ave. is pretty average. We'd return again for the right price but definitely would first consider some of the other high-end hotels in New Orleans such as the W.

Solid hotel but lacks wow factor Sink

Nice hotel - but don't try to go anywhere but DFW Generous closet space

Great American style hotel in Barcelona Pool area

Superb hotel with a gorgeous location View of hotel from Plaza Santa Ana

Great Vacation!!! We just came back from Puerto Rico last night. We stayed at the Caribe Hilton for 5 nights and loved every minute!We went with our friends, with whom we travel every summer, and stayed in Room 902 (they were in 901). These are Jr. Suites on the Executive Lounge level. The rooms were large, clean and comfortable with great ocean views. The Executive lounge was good for breakfast, afternoon and evening snacks. The staff was great: Omar, the Exec. Lounge concierge was helpful and even booked us at Restaurant Barrachina and arranged a front row table for the wonderful flamenco show; Isabela, who took care of our room; Angel, the Asst. Mngr. who kept the magnificent grounds neat and clean and Hiram, the bartender at the swim-up bar.The only negative: we have preferred evening entertainment in the Oasis Bar.Would we book there again? IN A HEARTBEAT!!!!

Great Location Great Location - On Ramblas itself just down from Cataluyna Plazza. Good value for money. Room average size, bed comfy. Bathroom average - not cramped. Had a rear of hotel room so didnt get any street noise, was on the dark side, but as i wasnt getting in until 2 or 3 am it wouldnt have mattered and only used the room to shower and sleep. Aircon great and was necessary - 30c during day in the shade and 24c at midnight!. Strange really old fashioned decor and covers on furniture, but all adding to a rather strange charm. Buffet style breakfast - mainly consisting of bread, fruit juice coffee, boiled eggs and cereals. No cooked stuff such as sausages or bacon. But absolutely fine. Great city, lots to do. Dont take any valuables out with you where at all possible, just leave them in your room safe at night. I would post some pictures except I had my camera stolen (pick pocketed) on the second night. They probably thought it was my wallet, but all my cash was double pinned in the lower pockets of ny shorts. I think they used the old diversion tactic of brushing againt you so that you notice them knocking into you, while they help themselves to the contents of your pocket. Still had a good holiday though.

Pretty Basic Accommodation Entrance

Very Disappointed My wifw and I stayed at this resort for 2 weeks and were very disappointed with the state of disrepair of the Gardens and Facilities. The Restaurants had soiled cushions throughout, the food was very poor in Menu and quality. The breakfast buffet was semi warm, poor in choice and not always clean. We have stayed there regularly since 1985 when it was a genuine 5 star resort and after more than 20 stays it should not rate even 2.5 stars at present. The problem appears to have started when the European managers and chefs were replaced with Indonesion personnel. Staff is aware of problem but indicates that management does not repond to concerns.

Amazing Hotel, Amazing Price I booked the hotel through a last minute deal and was really impressed with the service and hotel from the moment we arrived. First of a taxi direct from barcelona airport to the hotel was only just over 30 Euros. For the convenience we thought this was great. Because of an early flight we arrived at the hotel around 10:30am (check in is from 3pm). But when we spoke to reception they said they would see if we could check in earlier. 5 minutes later we were in our room unpacking. But that isn't all because we had booked a really cheap deal for 4 nights), although I had asked for a room on a high floor I wasn't holding out a lot of hope, well I was wrong our room was actually on the 26th floor......(You can't get any higher than that).Throughout our stay we found the staff to be really friendly and the hotel was lovely, only thing we heard people say they were disappointed with were the pools. We weren't disappointed though because they look small on all the pictures from the barcelona princess website.The hotel bar was expensive compared to anywhere else we visited (but again you kind of expect that). On our last day they weren't able to allow us a late check out room (we did not need to leave the hotel until gone 7pm. However, they informed us that we could still use the full hotel facilities so we could shower and change in the Gym - so no problems there.Overall one of the nicest hotels we have stayed in (even compared to some 5 stars), location a little out but we actually liked that as right next to open top Tourist Bus stop and also Tram and Metro.We would recommend the hotel 100%, just one word of warning about Barcelona - pick pockets are rife. We were lucky - despite a couple of attempts on my wifes handbag (which we managed to foil) we didn't get anything stolen. But a couple of women staying in our hotel got handbags snatched apparently hotel staff said it happens a lot. So you have to be very careful and security conscious...... But it shouldn't spoil a beautiful city break.

Sheraton Waikiki wasn't worth it.... We (a family of four) have just returned from a week at the Sheraton Waikiki and was disappointed. The hotel has a great location and good staff, but it currently has so many little issues that make it not worth the stay. First, it is crowded and it can take upto 15 minutes just to get an elevator to the lobby. They have only one tiny pool facing the ocean due to renovations at the sister hotel next door. Forget about getting a chair! They also have no covered or grass space also because of the situation.They do have a nice beach down the way with a place to get a chair if you show your room key, so kudos to them for that, but NO umbrellas, so you just bake. No food or water available. They also do have a nightly show that was fun. Food selection was good and prices were $$, but that was to be expected. We also did have a small mini fridge in the room, but no desk to work at. Room TV was newer flat screen and medium sized.We caught the maid washing out the room coffee pot and glasses in our sink. I thought 60 minutes was joking about this practice! Needless to say we didn't use them again. Also, the room alarm clock didn't work.Overall I would say this is not the best hotel for the money except for location, but then again, there are many hotels on Waikiki.

Big rooms, good stay Hotel is nice and has big rooms. I was there on business and found the staff to be nice, the rooms clean and big, and free breakfast good. Hotel has very small gift shop. It is a little tricky to get to from the airport.

A majic experience The view from our room

Pretty good overall We stayed at the Maria Elena Palace for our three days in Madrid and we enjoyed it. True that it's immediate surroundings are not perfect (tattoo parlors, arcades, etc...), but it's well located to be able to walk to almost everywhere. The room was very clean and relatively big by European standards. There was absolutely no noise (perfect for siestas), except for the room maids but it didn't last very long. The A/C was working perfectly too. The beds could be more comfortable but overall we were pretty satisfied with the room.

Hilton Squaw Peak, a great value! View of Balcony to bedroom

Mother of all Reviews Secluded beach on excursion

Inn's Time Has Passed We booked at the Inn because of a reveiw that claimed it was charming. Charming and Rustic can swiftly give way to Dump without great vigilance. The Inn is headed that way despite some renovations. Room stank until we ran air conditioning for six hours. Bar/restaurant excellent. Staff great. Will not return.

20-something American couple loved the Palladium We just got home from Punta Cana yesterday, and I already miss the place. My wife and I, both twenty-somethings from Missouri, had a great vacation staying at the Grand Palladium Bavaro. We have small children, and chose to only stay 4 nights away from our kids, which was about the right amount of time. We would have probably stayed longer if our kids were grown or we were childless, but in my opinion-- the Grand Palladium resorts are not a good place to bring small children.Our flight, booked on USA 3000 Airlines through Apple Vacations, wasnt bad-- and the friendliness of the staff goes along way to overcome the defecencies of using a discount airline (lack of legroom, etc). Once we landed in the Dominican, we had no troubles getting through customs or on the bus to the resort. Before you get to the paradise that is the Grand Palladium complex, you do drive past some of the extreme poverty that makes up much of the Dominican Republic. But keep in mind that just by visiting this country, you are doing your part to help.The Grand Palladium complex features three resorts: the Bavaro, Punta Cana, and Suites. For the most part, each resort has access to everything on the other two-- which makes the whole complex rather large. Our first couple days there felt a little bit overwhelming, and we got lost a number of times-- but it really doesnt take very long to walk from one end of the resort to the other. We stayed at the Bavaro side, which I honestly think is the best of the three (even tho it is the biggest and cheapest). The buffets are better, the beach is more active, and it is closest to all of the best bars.One of the first things you'll notice about the resort (and the rest of the Dominican presumably) is the lack of people speaking English. All of the resort employees and many of the guests will be speaking Spanish, but you'll hear plenty of German, French, and Russan as well. Throughout our entire trip-- everytime we heard someone speaking English, we would run up to them and talk to them. We ended up meeting at ton of people from Canada and the US,and hanging out with many of them. The high percentage of Euros at the resort isnt a problem or anything, just something your should note of so that you arent taken completely by surprise. If you like to stay up late (and we did), almost all Europeans seem to be go to bed by 11, and most people you see will be speaking English. It would certainly help you out in communicating with the employees if you know a little bit of Spanish, but you can still get by without knowing any. All food is labelled in multiple languages, and if you can say hable' ingles?, you'll find an employee that speaks english in most parts of the resort (especially the bars and lobby).We spent our first two days at the Palladium checking out what the resort had to offer. We checked out the beach for a bit and got some sun, played some beach volleyball, hit the swim-up bar for a bit, and got a bite to eat. We watched one of the employees scale up a 50 foot high palm tree just so the guests could shoot photos of him. The beaches at the Palladium are world class and much nicer than the pools, and the resort and activity seems to be geared around this. In the days, we had a great time hanging out as a couple and doing activities, in the night we generally hopped around from bar to bar and made our own nightlife-- with the help of the other couples that we met down there. I would definately recommend talking with the other guests on the resort, swapping stories and laughs, and having fun together.Unless its your honeymoon (wink, wink), isolating yourself really isnt the way to go when you're in another country.[[ ACTIVITIES ]] - We signed up for a 60 minute massage at one of the huts right on the beach. It cost about a hundred bucks for both my wife and I. My massage was great, and the girl took care of the whole body, front and back. My wife however, said that her girl really didnt know what she was doing, and my wife's back was aching for the rest of the day after the massage.On our third day in the D.R., we took the half-day party cruise excursion put on by the Kontiki folks. This cruise was fantastic, and everyone on the boat had a great time. The first part of the cruise was snorkeling, which was so-so, but once the party began it was amazing. The crew did a great job of keeping everyone dancing and everyone having fun. Michael Jackson and Prince made an appearance, and the booze was flowing aplenty. There was actually a huge rainstorm that was going on during our party cruise (after the snorkeling), and it just added to the effect. I highly recommend it.[[ BEACH ]] - The beach at the Palladium is amazing. The sand is white and sugary, the water is clear green and warm. The employees clean off the seaweed every morning, and there is hardly any at all on the beach. We never had a trouble finding a chair in sun or shade, and there are large beautiful palm trees all over the beach. Yes, there are lots of topless women on the beach, but after a day or two-- you barely notice. I didnt mind at all when my wife ended up surprising me and joining in with the euro women in going au natural. She joked that she felt like less people were staring at her when she was topless (remember, Americans are the minority here) There are plenty of beach bars, non-motorized sporting activities (catamarans, kayaks, volleyball, bocce ball), and you wont be harassed by vendors. There are merchant huts available if you go to the beach and walk right, and I had fun negotiating with them one day for some cigars and toys for our kids.[[ POOL ]] - The pools are never quite as crowded as the beach, but there are always people there. They seemed a little disappointing to us at first, since the only other tropical destination my wife and I had visited was the Moon Palace in the Mayan Riviera, which features probably the best pools in the world. But there are swim up bars in each of the pools, and the entertainment staff does bingo, water aerobics, and water polo (but not very often, and only at some of the pools). We didnt spend a whole lot of time by the pool-- but if you just want to curl up in a lounger with a book, there is certainly plenty of opportunity to do that.[[ ROOM ]] - We didnt pay for an upgrade of any kind on our room, but it was fantastic. Not as nice as our room was in Mexico, but definately top knotch. The room had a mini-bar that was stocked every other day, a large jacuzzi tub right in the middle of every thing, vaulted ceilings, a large balcony, marble floors, and cable tv with at least 50 channels. The room was clean without any bugs at all, and the maid service was good. We did bring 2 gift bags for the maids, and I know that they were appreciated.[[ FOOD ]] - The food at the Palladium is good. Dont let anyone else tell you otherwise, seriously. We ate at 4 different buffets and all but one of them was fantastic (avoid Ariffice by the beach). For dinner, they do a different theme every night at the main Bavaro Cathedral buffet. There are seriously at least 60 different things to choose from on the buffet, including a grill section and a nightly noodle bar. Our favorites in order: Mexican, Italian, Asian, American. Lunch is best at the buffet next to the Punta Cana pool, as the Cathedral is closed for lunch. This resort gives you coupons to make reservations at the 7 or 8 a la carte restaraunts, but the day that we arrived-- each restaurant was booked up for pretty much our entire stay. We ended up getting reservations at the DominiThere was a large balconcan restaurant (La Uva), and we went there one night. We ordered off the very limited menu there and waited almost 90 minutes without getting as much as our appetizers-- and then we just left and went to the buffet, which was fantastic. We ended up skipping our later reservation at the Spanish restaraunt because we wanted to eat with our new friends. Breakfast is also good on the resort, altho they stop serving at 10am which seems early. Definately get the cafe' con leche, as the Dominicans are very proud of their coffee.[[ DRINKS ]] - Our stay at the Palladium was overall a great experience, but the biggest negative about the resort was the drink selection. There is really no top-shelf American liquor available (except Bombay Saphire Gin at the Bavaro lobby), which was a disappointment. They also don't have some of the juices that are commonly used in American cocktails (no cranberry juice, and the orange juice is from powder). The local domican rums are certainly not bad, but I dont think they have the alcohol content of their American counterparts. The only beer that the hotel has available is the Mexican El' Presidente', which isnt bad, but isnt great either. We certainly drank alot of them regardless. We met some people who went to some other resorts down there (Secrets, Princess Bavaro), and had no trouble getting top shelf liquor or American beer. But that said, the Bartenders are creative and just about anyone could find something to drink here. My wife highly recommends the Aculpulco, which you can find at the Bavaro lobby bar (tastes like Strawberry Ice Cream). Also, I should note that there were days were it seemed like we drank all day long and still didnt get drunk. Very odd.[[ NIGHTLIFE ]] - I realize that some of you who just read what I wrote about the drinks will think that we are just American crazy party people-- but in reality-- we have two small kids and rarely go out at home. That said, we tried to have a good time in the evenings with the other couples that we met. We spent time in the Bavaro lobby bar each evening, where the service and drinks were always top knotch. There was a live band, some people dancing, and the ambience was georgeous. We also found our way over to the Casino a couple of times, where plenty of people actually won money.The Casino is very small, however, so don't expect much (just Roulette, BlackJack, and a dozen slot machines). We spent another evening in the Sports Bar which is a nice place to mingle, and open all night. The discotecque is o-kay, and you can make it fun if you go in there and act like a total goofball (we did one evening for a half hour or so). Every night, the employees also put on a show near the Bavaro lobby. We went to the Magic show, but ended up leaving after a few minutes. Some people appeared to be enjoying the show, but maybe since we dont know very much Spanish-- we didnt get the jokes. Some might say that this resort doesnt have much nightlife, considering that it gets awfully quiet after midnight-- but we made our own nightlife with the Americans and Canadiens that we met down there and had a blast.[[ SUMMARY ]] - Overall, I think that the Grand Palladium is a beautiful place, and worthy of the 5-apple designation that Apple gives the resort. Punta Cana is a fantastic destination with its beautiful beaches and perfect weather-- and I know that it will continue to grow in the years that come. While we will probably come back to Punta Cana some day-- we would probably stay at a different resort next time. No knock on the Palladium, it is a great resort, but we are the kind of people who like to try something new. Happy traveling everyone.

Incredible stay as always!! From the minute you arrive the service is amazing, check in is a breeze with great service and a special check in area if you are a SPG member, i would join if you are not already! the rewards program i great!. The location of the hotel is only a 5 minute walk down to the opera house positioned right on the city doorstep and opposite lovely Hyde Park, public transport trains are right across the road and buses out the front. The Circular Quay ferry terminal is only a short 5-10 walk and takes you anywhere around the bay. The rooms at the sheraton are huge, all with lovely big open bathrooms, there are views opposite Hyde Park or the City,most rooms now have black out blinds all electronically operated from the bed side.If you have the chance dont miss the buffet breakfast a trade mark of the sheraton with an great array of food and service. Oxoford Street (Sydneys main gay area) is also a close walk through Hyde Park in less then 5 minutes. With great nightlife. The hotel is what you would expect, you pay for the privilage but the rewards are worth it, also on the top floor is a great spa, sauna gym and rooftop pool with views through the city.I have no problems in recommending this hotel, if you are arriving from the airport consider a cheaper option of the underground train network its about 12$AUD and takes you almost to the hotel. If you are going to catch a taxi and its off peak (late at night or very early morning) consider avoiding the toll ways they can be quick but at that time s are alternative routes that you dont need to pay for!

Ambar a Good Choice We were originally scheduled to stay at the Punta Cana, but changed to the Ambar at check in. This turned out to be a great move.We were seeking a quiet relaxing vacation and the Ambar is an adults only option. So the hotel, pool area, and beach were just what we were looking for.Our room was nice and the location (6300 building) was quite convenient for the Ambar lobby, buffet restaurant, outdoor patio, and workout area. The grounds were immaculate and very colorful.We enjoyed the Machado (Japanese) and Pechado (Seafood) ala carte restaurants the best. I also was pleased with the quality and selection of the buffet restaurants. The Ambar also provided an exclusive breakfast/lunch option and also a nice outdoor restaurant at lunchtime (with a great view of the ocean.)The beach was beautiful but quite crowded. From the people we visited with, it sounds like the long cruel winter drove everyone to look for sunshine. Punta Cana is no longer a secret and this was evident by the hundreds of people on the beach.We took an excursion to Saona Island. The highlight was the flying fish that accompanied the catamaran on the way to the island. Saona was very picturesque, but I could have done without the music that was blaring throughout our time there.We also took a trip to explore La Cana Golf Course, just beyond the airport. This course is a beauty by the sea.The waiters and bartenders at the Ambar really hustle. They are very polite, pleasant, and have good senses of humor. The Ambar was at peak capacity, so try to keep that in mind when service is a little slow. I brought $100 worth of $1 bills and left a small tip every time we ate and had a drink. The servers and bartenders were very appreciative. My wife and I speak just a little Spanish, but this came in handy. The Gran Bahia is very much an international destination. We heard French, Italian, and German in addition to English spoken there. The only thing that kept this trip from being perfect, was the volume of people and the occasional guest who needed to let everyone know that the 24 ounce mug they brough from home needed a refill. Otherwise the Ambar and Punta Cana is a beautiful destination.

Very disapointing My partner and I spent a week at the Tulip and I must say were hugely disapointed at pretty much every aspect of the hotel.Whilst the location is good and thanks to the excellent Paris Metro, offers great access to everywhere in the city, the hotel itself was in my opinion sub-standard.On arrival our greeting was not terribly warm and it took a considerable time for our booking to finally be acknowledged and to be shown to our room.Obviously the building was not designed as a hotel so there is only a tiny lift or narrow staircase to use. Our room was very small and functional with no real sophistication or specific quality although there was a great balcony. The real issue for me was the bathroom - this had been crammed into the room by putting a very thin and simple dividing plastic/glass wall! Not only did this make the room even smaller, but being frosted plastic/glass it didn't exactly allow for much discretion! The bath and shower itself was also old, tiny and unimpressive. In short the room was terrible in my opinion.Two other issues I had were the fact that the bar closes at 22:00 - the bedrooms are not nearby so I just couldn't see the logic and the breakfast was simply awful! Tepid rubbish that was clearly just left on the heaters since being put out at 07:00! (fine if you want to get up at that time on holiday).I genuinely don't write bad reviews for the sake of it and actually chose this hotel on the basis of strong comments on trip-advisor, but I'm sorry to say this hotel was simply a huge disapointment and I would certainly not recommend it.Whilst the last thing you want to do on a city break is spend much time in your hotel room - it makes a significant difference if it's a room you look forward to getting back to - this wasn't!

Chic, sexy and modern Stayed at the Granados on business rather than pleasure and obviously this puts a different perspective on my stay.The most obvious thing to say is simply that the hotel is extremely chic and classy, with some stunning art work throughout. Check-in was friendly and effecient and although my room wasn't ready on arrival, the staff were very quick to sit me in the small bar with a complimentary drink. Communal spaces are a little limited, but I actually rather liked that - may have felt differently if this had been a holiday though.The high quality finishes and style followed through to my room which whilst a little small, was more than adequate for me. Really nicely decorated with quality fixtures and fittings. The view at the back of the hotel isn't that exciting! But what would you expect from an inner city hotel.The restaurant and room service was excellent and whilst it was a little expensive, it was certainly not ridiculous. The staff were superb, friendly and helpful - which in some ways is even more important when you are on your own without family!I must admit, I didn't see as much of the city as I'd have liked due to work, but certainly the hotel is well positioned for the main shopping areas.I think this is a superb hotel for business trips or for weekend breaks. It didn't seem the sort of place for children or families (a plus if I'm honest). I do think I'd want something a little more substantial if I was staying for more than a couple of days and with my wife - but I would have no reservations in recommending the Granados. Overall, it looks fantastic, the service is great and the hotel feels high quality throughout.

Insane insane insane! even tho there chicken legs, the mesquitos found them delicious

You'll love The Jazz Had booked this hotel on the strength of Trip Advisor reviews and were very pleased with our choice. It's location near to Placa Catalunya means it is easily accessible via the airport bus ( a half hour trip or so, depending on the time of day) and it is ideally placed for exploring this lovely city.Our second floor room was very modern and minimalist, with plenty of storage space, flat screen t.v. and an efficient air con system which made it pleasantly cool to return to after a day touring the sights. It's proximity to the metro also made it easy to get around if you got tired of walking ! We were aware of an occasional slight rumble (not noise) from the metro, but this didn't disturb us.The bathroom was reasonably sized, warm and well equipped, and the overall standard of housekeeping was very high.There were lovely views and space to relax on the roof terrace, though we didn't use the pool.Our deal included breakfast - good and plentiful with a wide range of dishes, including a selection for those on restricted or special diets. Alternatively, there are cafes close by if you prefer just a croissant and a coffee.Lots of upmarket shopping on Las Ramblas de Catalunya just a short walk to the north of the hotel, but didn't have enough time during our 4 day stay to fully explore the retail opportunities.What a pity - we'll have to return !!!

Great service and good location This is a very good boutique style hotel. The staff are very very good. It is a good location for the trip to Stanley by bus(a must do)It is also close to the MTR and you can walk to ferry. It is quiet for sleeping, which in HK is important. Buffet breakfast does not include cooked food such as eggs. I found myself down towards Central and Soho a fair bit, so next time may stay down that way but overall a really great hotel.

great place with a few problems We stayed at Ocean Blue February 2nd through the 5th, 2008, having booked a last minute trip through Travelocity. been to Punta Cana twice before, staying at the Melia Caribe and the Palladium. The Resort is beautiful and nicely laid out, the public areas are clean and in good shape. After checking in and getting our keys we were told to sit down at an adjacent desk where they would tell us about the resort. The guy was very nice but this was just to schedule a 90 minute breakfast the next morning where apparently they would give us the time-share (they say VIP) spiel, we go. Our family had two rooms in building 1 on the first floor, rooms 1101 1102. It was actually a pretty good location as we were up by the lobby and restaurants for the evenings, days were spent down by the beach which is very nice. The resort is very attractive, plenty of lounges and shade at the pools and the beach. They told us they were fully booked but it was not crowded, and we did not encounter lines at the restaurants. Some of the prettiest buffets and restaurants seen at an all inclusive, and bars everywhere. The bars have premium liquors and they even had bud light beer at the lobby and sports bars (might have been because it was superbowl time). Food was plentiful, but not our favorite. We ate at the Italian, Mexican and Dominican restaurants, reservations are not required and you can do an alacarte restaurant every night. Our daughter loved the bowling alley so we went twice- it was just like home but only 6 lanes, but we never had to wait for one. Bartenders and check in people were great, maids and management are another story. Mosquitos were horrible at night. Our first morning we awoke covered with mosquito bites everywhere we covered.We asked to be moved and when they told us they were fully booked, each morning they told us to try again tomorrow. We bought mosquito spray at the resort shop but that help at all, we also sprayed down with the skintastic we carry with us each night and that help either. I know if this was because we were on the first floor or our just because of our location but we got slaughtered every night. The kids took to sleeping fully dressed but were still bitten all over their faces and hands while they slept. Our room was apparently the last one cleaned each day, usually around 4 pm. Maybe the maids were just wore out by the time they got to us but they do much. The first night we noticed the sheets had not been changed from the previous guests, there was hair and stuff on them. So on the next morning my wife removed the sheets and purposely spilled some pepsi on them, she left a $5.00 tip and an apology for the spill assuming this would get us clean sheets. That evening we pull back the covers and the pepsi stain is there, we believe they made up the bed with the soiled sheets that were on the floor. We ended up finding a maid and getting sheets and making up the bed ourselves. On our last full day, we came back to the room after a great day at the beach and pools to get ready for dinner. While getting cleaned up some people enter our room with a key, and after a confused look they apologize and leave. Ten minutes later they knock and ask if almost done, they need a shower.. Turns out the front desk gave them our room to use while they waited for a late check-out. We told them it was our room so they went back to the front desk and told them people were staying in the room. The desk then gave them keys to our other room and they went through the whole thing again. I went to the lobby to see what was going on. A manager told me that we were to have checked out that day. I told him no, we leave tomorrow. He again said we should be gone. I asked him if like me to go get our trip paperwork to show him we were paid up through tomorrow and he said no and left and went into the back office. After standing there for about 30 minutes with the desk personel smiling and shrugging their shoulders at me I asked one of them if the guy was checking on our situation, they said yes and I continued to wait. After about another 30 minutes a clerk called out my name and handed me two sets of keys for our rooms. I asked if this meant the problem was resolved and she said yes. I still believe the guy never came back out and said anything. So, while we thought the physical resort was great I would make sure on check-in that they have all your details correct. I know what to do about the mosquitos and the dirty sheets, could be a freak thing that just happened to us but the problem was we get anything done about it.

great location nice hotel Other than the sign, you'll think you're staying at an Embassy Suites. The location is great, you're only a couple of blocks from I-635 and the Dallas Pkwy North (toll Road). You can take the toll road straight into downtown, we also took it to connect to the 12 loop to go over to Cowboys Red River, (we had to try a cowboy bar). Both are only 15 minutes away. Going North we went to Carson's Live in Addison a huge nightclub up the road about 5 miles ($12.00 cab ride). And of course the Galleria is across the street, so it was pretty easy getting around for our first trip to Dallas. The people at the hotel were great. Note that there is no smoking at the bar. While it feels like an Embassy Suites, we thought the rooms/suites were nicer. The place is very clean, all the people were great, everyone seemed to really care about our stay. A great value, a fun weekend, we'll stay again.

Pedestrian Chic Stayed with my wife over New Years and concur with most of the reviews. The staff was excellent, especially Guillermo. The food lounge saved us an exceptional amount of money, allowing us to splurge on dinners. Location was central although if you have a lot of luggage take a cab as it sits on a tiny side street and typically very crowded. Very tight quarters but that is Europe. Don't expect elegance here, this is stricty an art nevaux atmosphere complete with somewhat tricky fixtures. Don't forget your electric converters! The shower was great and allowed us to replenish our resources after all the wonderful walking. The lounge room is seperated by a common hallway, however, served its purpose well when one spouse wanted to sleep and the other didn't. The sleeping arrangements kept it from getting a perfect score - the bed was small, a little uncomfortable and low to the ground. And the hallway is extremely noisy so if you are a picky sleeper may want to keep in mind. However, as an overall value this hotel is extremely hard to beat and we would consider returning.

Classic Elegance I will prefice this review by saying that we used our Marriott Rewards points and therefore cannot comment to the value of the stay. That being said, this is on par with 4 star hotels in the states and we couldn't find any faults with the hotel. The staff was professional and receptive. The location was without peer. The room was small, however, that is Europe. The shower was strong, there was a very nice bath. The bed was excellent and the room was very quiet allowing for great sleep.

Park Plaza beijing, absolut top We stayed for 10 days at this excellent hotel. As other reveiwers have mentioned, this is a 5 star+ hotel for a 4 star price. Yes they might miss some special features to get the 5* rating, but none that we missed. We had an fantastic roomy suite, which felt like home and was kept very clean and nice during our entire stay. The staff of the hotel, without exception, was very friendly, helpful and courtious with a special mention for the business lounge staff. The location is also excellent with many tourist attractions within easy reach. Great value and we definite recommend this hotel to travellers to Beijing.

Magnificent There's a very good reason this place is at the top of this list - it is absolutely magnificent.Superb location - right across the road from the wharves, right next to the Cable Car, views of the Bridge, but it's what they have done with this location that makes it superb.The hotel is in a restored warehouse, and the attention to detail throughout is wonderful with exposed beams and bricks making this a standout building. The rooms are magnificently decorated in a nautical theme, the lobby is very well done, and front desk staff, porters, doormen, everyone, extremely helpful and knowledgeable about the city and its surrounds.The wine reception was a nice touch, as were the two free internet terminals in the lobby area, and the attached Blue Mermaid restaurant on site was so good we ate there three nights in a row.For cheap breakfasts there's also a Starbucks out back.I've stayed in many great hotels around the world, but this is without a doubt my favourite. Only 1 gripe - leave the car at home or ensure your room rate includes parking - they charge $32 a day!A truly wonderful hotel.

A Top-Tier Parisian Hotel The Toilet Closet of Pastourelle.

The hotel sucks We booked at Liberty, but we had to go to hotel Brian to check in and our room was in this hotel as well. We booked a double room but got a twin one, the first thing which didn't go as planned. There was also told we had an own toilet and shower, this wasn't the case. The room was dirty, the breakfast was crappy and the fact we had to do our own dishes was the most ridiculous thing one can imagine in a hotel. The only good thing was the location, but there are also other hotels with a good location, they will never see me at this hotel again. Don't go there!

Very, very nice hotel The Harbour Plaza was splendid. The experience started at the airport, where they have their own info desk. They were able to double check the reservation and recommend transportation options to get into town. We wound up taking a taxi, which cost $300 HKD, about $40 US, but it was so much easier than any of the other option that it was worth it. Location is not perfect; the Harbour Plaza sits right on the waterfront in Hung Hom, a couple of miles east of Tsim Sha Tsui. Originally I thought this would be inconvenient. But there is a Star Ferry pier five minute walk from the hotel that runs to Central. The hotel offers a free shuttle to Tsim Sha Tsui, but we never had to use it. By then end of our stay, we were using taxis, which are so much easier than any other form of transit and are not that expensive. Also, Hung Hom/Whampoa turned out to be a pretty interesting area. It is largely residential, but there are many, many shops, restaurants, etc with in a ten minute walk of the hotel. Food and shopping were not a problem. It is a bit less energetic than Tsim Sha Tsui, and I missed the buzz, but it was nowhere near as isolated as I was afraid it would be.The rooms were perfect, very nice, large, fully equipped. I have stayed in nicer, but not by much. The lobby is absolutely stunning; it is in fact a favorite place for weddings in Hong Kong. And the signature feature is a roof-top swimming pool that has a glass wall so that you can look out from the pool over Hong Kong Harbor from 21 floors up. Stunning. We did not eat in the hotel, but the food looked very good. Service was exceptional. Great concierge and bell staff. I whole heartedly recommend this hotel as a slightly quieter alternative to the chaos of Tsim Sha Tsui. Great value for the dollar.

Turly Majestic The Pool

Great location, wonderful staff, reasonable rates Clean comfortable, excellent beds, very modern, free web access and snacks, staff was extremely friendly and helpful. Outstanding location, walking distance to practically everything. Colored lights and beads don't add much to decor (a little gimmicky), but seem to appeal to the younger set. Overall a good value.

You Get What You Pay for We spent the first week in August at the resort. We had not planned a trip but we got a heck of a deal out of Toronto. The bus ride from the airport to the resort takes about 1 hr 15 minutes,( you would think that maybe part of the departure tax we all pay could help improve this countries roadways??)On a coach bus, very comfortable.Check in was done on the Sirenis Cocatal side .The Tropical Suites and the Cocatal share one large lobby.We have previously stayed 4 times at the Iberostar Bavaro, and must admit we have been spoiled there. The Sirenis in our opinion is 3 1/2 to 4 star at best, where we feel the Iberostar is a true 5 plus star resort (IMHO).The resort could use use some work around the grounds. The long ponds that line the walkway from the lobby to the pools / beach need painting and especially cleaning. They really smelled.Another disappointing thing was that there was NO CERVEZA in the mini fridge in the rooms. Not important to some but is to us. When your 7-year-old passes out at 8:00 PM it's nice to have some beer on your deck. We ended up having to buy beer at a small beach bar. Another problem was that on weekends 5 to 6 bus loads from Santo Domingo come for weekend packages, and the pools and swim up bars get crazy, crowded, nuts.Plastic cups all over and IN the pool. Nothing against the locals, but the staff could a better job of policing the rowdy kids and folks.We had a great room with ocean/pool views, very close to the beach and pools. If not for the nice room for the 7 days we would have been really upset. Building N, room 106.Room service tried to charge us $95 USD for 2 bottles of Rum that we got at the store for $8.00 US. The guy kept lowering his price until I got really PO'd and told him to leave. Every time we asked for a price in US dollars there were all over the board as far as a conversion. We felt as if everyone was trying to take advantage.Food was OK, nothing special, but the buffets are air-conditioned. The specialty restaurants by the lobby are actually small rooms seating 20 or so directly off the buffets. The 2 pool buffets are converted into 2 specialty restaurants at night. It was difficult to get reservations as they only let you make one at a time(Ridiculous).Great weather for the week made up for all the bad things, but asked if we would return we give a big NO.Feel free to e-mail with any questions and link to our pictures.In closing as we said we have been spoiled with the Iberostar, and at the Sirenis.You get what you pay for, and it sure as heck beat the heck out of the summer weather we DID NOT have here in Upstate New York.

Twice in a year...Beautiful Sorry this has taken so long, but it has been a hectic few months since returning from the Iberostar Bavaro. You may have read my review of the Iberostar Dominicana from March. My wife and I ,along with our neighbors were there the first week of March '03 and absolutely feel in love with Punta Cana. I stated in that review that we loved it so much that we were considering taking our two youngest daughters(Christina-6, Caity-13) back in the summer. Well it took some time to convince my wife (not too much.), that we needed to return. BINGO. We were at the resort this time from Sat. Aug.2 thru Sat Aug. 9.PLANE TRIP: We got a great deal from our travel agent ,and this time we were able to fly out of Rochester,NY instead of Buffalo NY. That was a great selling point. Our trip in March was a charter which was great, but this wasn't too bad at all. We left Rochester 7:30 on Sat, then to Charlotte NC. We did not have much of a layover. Time to grab a bite to eat then off to Punta Cana. It was a 3hr flight from Charlotte. The plane was full but with the 2 girls there was plenty of room. We flew US Air and the flight was smooth. Karen prefers the charter out of Buffalo, 3 hours your there! But either way was fine. Its vacation! The girls flipped out when they saw airport. They had seen the pics of it but until you see it, it's not real. We were able to get some great pics of the island as we were getting ready to land. I have pics posted along with the one from the March trip. I will put the link at the end of the review.FIRST AT RESORT We , along with our travel agent and tour company (GOGO) asked for a room on the beach and for a few special things, (close to pool ocean view). Seeing this was our second time at the resort within a 6 month period, I thought nothing of asking for special treatment. It was about 3;30-4:00 when we got to the resort and were not disappointed. The desk was well aware of our requests, and that we were returning guests. You will see in the photos, that our room was less than 50 feet from the beach. Un-freaking-believable. We were in room1296, which was in the second to the last building on the resort. The view from our patio/deck was breathtaking. Never in our wildest dreams could we have imagined such a view, and being that close to the beach and the spectacular Caribbean Sea. The people at the Bavaro Iberostar were ok, Karen liked the check in better at the Dominicana- they brought you to the room in golf carts- this time we were just given a map and told where to go. After a long day of travel I would have preferred the ride to my room instead of searching for it.Also know that this resort is huge. You will be walking a lot and we enjoyed it, but going from one end of the resort to the other which we did everyday I would figure its at least 1/2 to 3/4 of a mile if you walk the beach way.When here in March we were booked into the Dominicana, but actually were upgraded to one of the suites. The suites are really part of the Bavaro, so we were familiar with what to expect in the room. But never expected the view we had. The room was also very close to the pool. Everything was great, once we found it.I had included in my review of the Dominicana our e-mail, so if anyone had questions they could contact us. I couldn't believe how many people contacted us. I probable will have to say on the conservative side around 125 to 150 different people contacted us. I was more than happy to answer all of them. Which leads me to this.We were contacted by a couple in England about some concerns they had about the resort. Their names are Ray and Nikki . We e-mailed back and forth a few times, answering questions and sending different pics that I had not posted. We kept in touch, and then when we finally booked our trip,realized that they were going to be at the time we were too. Well let me just say, the 8 or so weeks leading up to the trip, Nikki would almost on a daily basis e-mail the weekly , then daily countdown. It was great. We also would IM them and really struck up a great friendship.Ray is in the Royal Airforce and there were times when he was in the Middle East that things got pretty scarry. Things turned out well and we met Ray and Nikki and their son Alex in the Dominicana lobby bar our first night(Sat.). It was great meeting them, they were and absolute gas(a bit of the Brit in me there). They were so kind and grateful for the info we had given them, and of what to expect. It was unexpected, but they came with gifts for our whole family, even our 2 oldest kids(Joe-16, Jen-18),who did not want to do the family trip thing. They were sorry of this fact after seeing our pics. That's another story all together. They had gotten me a print of the aircraft that Ray flys on, a Hercules C 30, and a shirt from his squadron. Some fine English china for Karen(my wife) and mom, and really cool things for the girls. But most important they brought fixings for Brandy Sours(haha). We were all pretty tired and planned on where to meet the next morning.I know that Ray and Nikki, especially Nikki check out this website often, so let me say here for all to see...Thanks to the both of you, and we are now friends forever.POOLS: On to more detail. The Bavaro pool although very nice, could really use a paint job. It is a zero entry pool, and gets very slippery around the edge as the day goes on. The Bavaro is the oldest, and the first of the Iberostar hotels. I believe they said it was 15yrs old, followed by the Dominicana(10yrs), then the Punta Cana(5yrs). The pool was fine in the morning but got somewhat crowded as the day went on. Another thing was the swim up bar. It was hard at times to get drinks( this was solved by throwing the bartenders a few dollars a couple of times) because of all the kids getting their soft drinks and stuff. Also they would be jumping into the pool right next to the bar. It was a pain at times, but after awhile someone would put a stop to it. My wife and I spoke to the manager of the Bavaro one night, and mentioned about the paint job and being slippery. He apologized and went on to say that the only way for things to get done to the pool was for there to be a hurricane. I found this kind of funny, but could see his point. The resort is packed year round, and I would hate to be the one there on vacation the week they try to paint.We really spent most of the days at the pools at the Dominicana and Punta Cana. The Punta Cana pool was really quiet, a few kids and families. After the first day we started to talk to 2 couples from Staten Island NY. Their names were Mike and Sharon, and Eric and Yvonne . They were their with their sons Mike Jr(3), and Eric(2 1/2- no mommy no mommy). They were great to meet and we want to say Hi to them as well.All in all, the 2 pools at the Punta Cana and Dominicana were much better, bigger, cleaner, and not as crowded as the Bavaro.ACTIVITIES: One morning after Nikki had mixed up pails of Brandy Sours (again..check out my pics), one of the star friends recruited myself,Mike, and Eric to be part of the Olympics on the beach. Well after a few Brandy Sours we felt more like we should be involved in the Special Olympics. We KICKED BUTT in the tug-o -war and Mike was in the waterballoon sitting event. We then formed a huge Conga line and wound our way to the pool for a victory line dance...(Dale Pa Alla..Dale Pa Acca) levantando las manos everybody. We laughed so hard my side hurt the next day.There are daily activities to participate in if you want (volleyball, dancing, bingo, etc.) but we much preferred the beach and pool activity of sunbathing but don't expect too much to do. Its defiantly not like a cruise where they have things planned all day and night. That is kind of what we like about it though, very laid back.The excursions as far as we are concerned seemed over priced and not that exciting. The Manatee Park where you can swim with the dolphins sounded appealing at first with the girls but our tour guide said they only swim 2x a day and its for all the resorts so multiply the number of resorts with kids wanting to do it and I say- forgettaboutit! Pool was fine! By the way 70.00 US dollars to do it per person.Two things not to miss are the Beach Bar-B-Que, and the Paella on the Beach. Both the Dominicana, and Bavaro have the Paella, but I believe only the Dominicana has the Bar-B-Que. Ask to find what days these are done. When staying at the Bavaro you have access to everything on the resort. Be sure to check everything out.FOOD: OK, Karen here- I am going to give you the main reason to stay at the Bavaro and have use of all resorts and its the food. After having been at the Dominicana and now seeing the difference it is well worth the extra money. Especially if you are traveling with very picky young eaters as my girls are. Now I am not saying that the Dominicana is not good, it is, but there is a much better selection at the Bavaro, there is room service at the Bavaro, and they will accommodate you if you ask. The restaurants were pretty much similar but please if you go and like seafood make sure you try the Mediterranean. (La Dorada) remember to wear pants guys or you'll have to go change. That was excellent!The Bavaro buffets at poolside for breakfast and lunch were amazing, well laid out, and had a lot of options and stations. It was like full buffets that were in the Dominicana and Punta Cana lobby for dinner, but a little better. We utilized the room service (which had chicken fingers and french fries on the menu) at least 3x for the girls and it was great, didn't take too long either. The buffet was excellent at the Bavarro lobby for dinner too. They had theme nights, Italian, Mexican, etc., and we enjoyed that.Again if your going on a limited budget and kids will eat whatever stay at the Punta Cana for the price, if you prefer better options definitely book the Bavaro.DIFFERENCES BETWEEN THE RESORTS Punta Cana: least expensive, but newest rooms like normal hotel rooms limited access to other areas for drinks and food -can only get drinks at Lobby bar or by steakhouse addition coming that will have family style suites- looks nice nice and clean Say hello to Eladio in Lobby bar- he is great!Dominicana: People are the friendliest here, we really like the workers that are here and they actually remembered us from March! That was amazing! Mohammed at the beach bar is awsome! Remembered our names- Hows that for service! Can drink in Lobby bar of either Dominicana or Punta Cana or at both pool side restaurants Can upgrade to a suite and well worth it Area's are extremely clean Lobby has the Casino Entertainment here nightlyBavaro: All Suites Food is excellent Service was ok, still liked the Dominicana for service too! Access to all bars, restaurants and buffets in whole resort Entertainment nightly in lobby areaThings to know: There are shuttle carts available from lobbies of Dominicana and Bavaro- I am sure they probably are available from Punta Cana too. Well worth a couple bucks tip at night with a tired child! Just ask at desk for them they will direct you.All in all we love the resort. We want to try the Mayan Riviera in Mexico next and will stay at the Iberostar. But dollar for dollar you can't beat the price of the Dominican Republic, and I am sure we will return again.Any questions feel free to contact us and be sure to check out the photo's. joeferr@rochester.rr.com http://community.webshots.com/user/joeferrari

Trendy design hotel with friendly service The hotel is in the heart of the old town of Madrid. The area is lively in general, but the hotel is on a small, quieter street. Overall, we were really satisfied with the hotel. Smart looking rooms and common areas, above average breakfast, efficient air conditioning (a must in Madrid!), free wi-fi everywhere in the hotel, and friendly and flexible staff made our stay very enjoyable. They even let us sneak in the breakfast room early on our day of departure, to get some fruit and youghurt before heading to the airport at dawn. The hotel advertises rooms with a street or patio view. We did not have the street view, so seeing the wall of the next building and neighbours' laundry hanging from windows must count as the patio view.We paid less than 130 euros / night (including tax) and with that price I would stay again at Room Mate Mario.

Beautiful Grounds, Aboslutely Huge DISCO!

Wake up the service! This hotel, being 15 mins walk from the centre, is far enough away to be relatively quiet, whilst close enough for a stroll into town in the evening. Balmins beach is less than 5 mins away as is The good sized pool gets busy, the restaurant does not. The quality of the breakfast and evening meals is good. What really lets downa hotel of this standard is the awful service at the bar and the pool areas. If you are spotted by one of the under-managers, you might get served in a reasonable time. Otherwise you may feel like tripping a waiter up just to get noticed.

More Kings Cross than Potts Point Let me start by saying that the hotel is more Kings Cross than Potts Point, as anyone who's looked at the street location on a map will see straight away. This is fine - it makes for an interesting stay in an interesting part of Sydney, with great eating options just outside your door.The room was nice, done in shades of chocolate brown, including the carpet, however this means every bit of lint shows up and it's very easy to see if the room has been vacuumed after it's been serviced in the morning.I agree with a previous reviewer that:- The aircon is noisy. This is not necessarily a bad thing, as the white noise helps cover the noises from the street (esp. on a Saturday night :)- The bathrooms are not really anything special, but generally fine.- You can certainly hear the neighbouring room guests if they are chatty.I essentially enjoyed our stay in Kings Cross (3 nights) and the room was superficially very nice (including widescreen LCD TV, albeit the picture was stretched as it didn't have a digital box), however I can state that around $10 in small change went missing from the room, and despite reporting this to reception and having them promptly check the electronic door lock to see whom had been there last, we had no resolution, and not even a follow up call.Granted there is a safe in the room, and you can be sure we kept all our valuables in in after that, however you would think some small change scattered across the desktop would still be safe in a hotel such as this. Very disappointing.

Disappointing I see from another review that this hotel has apparently been renovated. Really? I'd have hated to see it before the work!It's an okay hotel, obviously quite classy when first built but now very tired and dull, everything's brown or beige and dark. The staff hardly speak any English at all which for a hotel advertising itself as ideal for business people and tourists seems a bit odd. The cleaning of the rooms was half hearted and hardly thorough - in and out in minutes, barely enough time to make the bed. And the decor is very tired and tatty in places.That said, it's ideally located for exploring Beijing and the food isn't bad.

The best I have stayed in in HK Mong Kok may seem an odd place to base yourself in HK but believe me, it works.Stylish, elegant, modern and sophisticated - from the scent of ginger flower in the lobby to the wonderfully appointed rooms, every detail is right at this luxury hotel. And the massive collection of art around the hotel is fantastic.The executive lounge is well worth the extra money. All day snacks and drinks, with stunning view. And the Spa is one of the best I have visited anywhere in the world.

Not eco-frendly; and NOT recommended for non-tour group reservations One of the recommended accomodation in Punta Cana is the NATURA PARK ECO-RESORT SPA which is lauded for its environmentally friendly design amongst other things. I hate to be the bearer of bad news but not only is NATURA PARK not the model environmentally aware corporate citizen, but its services are absolutely horrendous. First off, the reusable beach cups are gone; second off, bleach-free laundy was a marketing stunt and no longer applies as well. Thirdly, the service was bad. This especially holds true for front desk personnel who had the audacity to insult some members of my travelling party. Finally, a word of advice to those booking NATURA independantly outside a tour group ... DONT! We had confirmed pre-paid booking for 8 persons for 3 nights and they were given to tour groups and airline personnel with big contracts. As an independant traveller, I would avoid Natura Park because you never know if your reservation would be there. (Oh, we had confirmed our reservation 4 times via email and called 3 successive days prior to arrival).Cheers.PS: The beach is full of sea-weed anyways :(.

Great hotel with a view of the Space Needle I stayed for at this hotel during two nights (but not consequtive). As a Priority Club Platinum I was give a room with the view fo the Space Needle the first night. The second night I was given suite with separate bedromm and large hot tub. As the view of the Space Needle was great I recommend asking for this at checkin.Also note that even though the Space Needle is close you can not walk the closest way as there is a freeway right i front of the hotel.

Nothing great... Went up to San Francisco recently for a business trip. Our travel coordinator booked me at the Handlery. When I walked into my room I noted how small my room was, then I saw my co-workers room which was about half the size of mine. The room was clean, so no problems there. Bed was ok, but not too comfortable. The tv was very small and you got a limited number handful of channels. For internet you had to pay 9.95 a day. The staff was friendly enough but not very helpful. Location was great since it was in Union Square but that was about it.

I LOVE THIS HOTEL The Bathroom

over rated have allways wanted to stay at the pink palace - and last week i did - hadnt prepared myself for the lack lustre rooms - we stayed on the tower wing 10th floor end room - sure the view was fine of the ocean ,but the balcony was unusable alot of the time due to high winds. The products in the bathroom were awful ! and the bath and shower tiny .the beach area of the hotel was great - except due to high winds on waikiki ,the staff refused to put the umbrellas up - understandable -s0 all guests crammed into pool area .tried to order a expresso from the bar there - sorry the machine is broken !!!!The hotel is closing next yr for a massive renovation ...my suggestion is stay there after its done ..or go stay at the the moana surfrider which is now undergoing renovation by the westin hotel group ... we checked out after 2 nights at the royal and went there to the historic wing of the moana ....IT WASA GREAT MOVE ...TRUST ME !!! very enjoyable

excellent choice my diamond head vista

A few glitches - but nice My wife and I decided to take a long weekend, including a Monday off work, and spend it in San Francisco. We chose the Omni based on its reputation and location. Both lived up to expectations but for one glitch - the internet was down our entire stay.First the good. The location is perfect; in the heart of the embarcadero and financial districts and on the outskirts of China Town. You can easily walk to the farmers market (Sat and Tues), Coit tower, China Town, North beach or Union Square. The hotel staff were friendly and efficient and the Hotel was a pleasant level of old school; clean, comfortable and well cared for. We booked a signature room, which was a good size and high up on the 16th of 17 floors. Our package included parking and internet for $239 a night. Ask for this package when booking. The restaurant bar in the lobby, Bob's Bar (not the steakhouse) had great food and drinks and seems to be where locals and local business people hang out - it was fun.Now the minor bad - which left a bad taste. The internet, which they charge for in standard rooms and even the business center, was out all three days. Each time we called, the front desk gave us a differnt explanation and a different timeframe for its solution. We wanted the internet to search for restaurants, events and attractions. We also needed it to access our offices to justify a last minute day off. I asked if we could use the business office internet and they said sure, swipe your credit card Internet was free in our room but we had to pay - not cool.

Great Hotel!! A very small Hyatt right in one of the best districts of Paris. Because of this, its pricey.However, because its small (they say its the smallest Hyatt in the world) it gives a very personal touch to service which is nice - makesone feel at home which is not a common feeling in Paris!Rooms are very comfortable and well equipped although the Air Conditioning in mine didn't work!!There is a bit of a shortage of dining outlets but what there is is good. Its probably best to eat out.Well worth a visit if you are looking for a smaller, friendly hotel.

Great Little Find My family and I spent 3 days at this hotel in May 2007. The rate we payed was cheap and the hotel was great for the price. The front desk staff spoke very good English and was very helpful. The room and bathroom was a little small but very clean and everything worked including the hi-tech toilet. The hotel had washing machines and dryers which is very handy if you are travelling for a while, vending machines, (some full of beer) and free bottled drinking water in the foyer. There were plenty of cheap restaurants in the area and the subway was nice and close. We found it a little hard to get to the hotel from the airport by bus, but we managed. Overall if you want to spend too much on your accommodation this is a great hotel, and I would stay here again.

OK My family and I stayed at the Schoenhouse Apartments in October 2008. We stayed in room 209. The reception was friendly, but just pointed the way to our room. If you plan on arriving late, reception closes at 20.00hrs, so you might have to make arrangements. The hotel is located in the old East Berlin area, so the surrounds are a little bland. It is located between two U Bahn stations, only minutes to the Rosa Luxemburg station. There are two supermarkets just down the road. The hotel can do your laundry for you, but can be a little expensive. For a small load 4.50 Euros to wash and 4.50 Euros to dry. The rooms are a good size with a large bathroom and a reasonably equipped kitchen. The room was clean, but the 4 days we were there not once was our room cleaned. We were only given one small bar of soap between three of us for 4 days. It would have been good if they supplied a small amount of coffee, tea, sugar and milk for the first day. There was fast wifi available in the room. I think I would try somewhere a little more central next time.

Hotel OK, but surrounding area disappointing Stayed at the Renaissance Hollywood from Dec. 1-5. The hotel is a long way from LAX and will run you around a $50 taxi fare. Check in was quick and efficient. Was assigned room 623 which was much smaller than the pictures on the property web site, but still very nice and clean. View was of the Hollywood hills with some of the interesting homes perched on the cliffs. Also in view was the back alley with various homeless rummaging through dumpsters, drug deals going down, and ladies of the night parading back and forth. Ordered room service several times and while service was quick, the quality was lacking. One evening ordered a filet from their upscale Twist room service menu and what was delivered turned out to be what I would call two small minute steaks, definitely not a filet. The near area around the hotel certainly doesn't live up the the glamor image of Hollywood that is often portrayed. The attached mall is strangely designed and difficult to find your way around in. The area in front of the Chinese theatre is jammed with tourists and people hawking tours. Walk outside this area in any direction and you will encounter boarded up shops, cracked sidewalks, cheap souvenier stands, and numerous homeless folks. Of course, this is not the hotel's fault, but rhe area definitely detracts from the otherwise fine features of this hotel property.

Great location!! My wife and I stayed here for one night and it was a good experience. Check in was very quick, was offered an upgrade to a room with a view to St. Patrick's Cathedral. However, we turned it down because we would have had to forgo our king bed. The room is big enough, a little smaller than something you would find in Vegas, but large for NY standards. Nice bathroom with some lux marble accents. I loved the 42 plasma screen tv. Upon arrival we found that the foyer light in our room was not working. On our way out to walk around the city we told the concierge about the problem, when we came back a couple of hours later, it was fixed, very quick response time. We skipped room service and any meal at the hotel and must have saved hundreds of dollars, except for the $18 dollar drinks (berry patches) we had at GUILT, the hotel restaurant and bar. Yes, we felt guilty (pun intended) afterwards. All in all it was a great stay, the location itself justifies the price of the room. You are literally in the middle of it all.

Great boutique hotel We chose this hotel because of the reviews on this site and were not disappointed. We were given a room at the back of the hotel on the ninth floor (quieter). The room itself was on the small side but spotlessly clean and very comfortable. Location-wise this could not be better, right on Union Square with a Cable Car stop right outside. We bought the 3 day Muni passes ($18) and used them for travel throughout the city. You do not need a car! The staff were friendly and helpful, especially the breakfast staff who remembered us after the first morning. We also found the tour desk very helpful and really enjoyed the half day tour to Muir Woods and Sausilito. You can also book shuttle buses here to the Airport for around $15 per person. Nice touches included the free coffee and fruit in the Lobby plus the free internet access. Overall great value for money, excellent helpful staff, and the best location in S.F. What more could you want?

Great value for money Stayed for 3 nights in this impressive hotel which anywhere else would merit 5 stars. Large lobby/check in area with a huge marble staircase and fountain. Very helpful staff and no delays checking in or out. The room was a superior room with views out over the harbour. (Fantastic) It was large with a huge king size bed and plenty of room to move around. The bathroom was also huge and both were very clean and comfortable. There are a choice of restaurants in the hotel plus an excellent small coffee shop. The choice and quality of food is extensive, especially in the downstairs buffet restaurant, but it is a little on the expensive side. I was concerned about the location as it is a bit away from the action in downtown Kowloon but I need not have worried as there is a free shuttle bus every half hour to Nathan road and the Star Ferry, plus the other ferry over to Hong Kong Island is only a five minute walk away. There is also a lovely roof top pool and Fitness room on the top of the Hotel with fantastic views over the city. Overall this place is excellent value for money offering a standard of comfort and service that you would pay at least three times as much for in central Kowloon or on the island. I would recommend it to anyone.

To Each His Own We stayed at the Muse for 5 nights from 8/31 thur 9/5 andcontrary to the last review we were quite pleased. We bookedthe Muse based on a very good rate found on Travel Zoo andthe reviews of others at this website. Our room located on the14th floor was on a front corner of the hotel giving us windowson two sides which made it both bright and we had a satisfactory view down 46th street. The room was large enough and very clean although somewhat sterile. The bathroom was more than satisfactory with nice soaps and lotions. Our only real compalint was only one chair in the room. Of course, with two people, one person must sit on the bed if you spend any time in the room. According to the receptionist, Kimpton plans on refurbishing and upgrading to their standards towards the end of the year. which hopefully will improve the decor and fix the chair situration. They don't need to do anything with the bed, linens or pillows which are all above average. Also, the room was made up promptly every day. The wine reception every evening and free coffee in the hotel's restaurant(except Monday's) were nice touches. We would definetly return to the Muse and highly recommend itwith the caveat that a higher floor might improve your overall perception..

What a Gem! Its nice to find a business that's operated with the satisfactionof it's clientel in mind. The Orchard Hotel certainly is one ofthose businesses. We spent 4 days at this charming hotel.Since our flight from Atlanta arrived in San Francisco around11AM, we arrived at the hotel around 12:30PM. My wife procededinto the hotel while I took care of our driver and by the time Igot inside we had already been set up with a room on the 7thfloor. Not only were there no hassles regarding early check-in, the front desk acted like it was their pleasure to take care of us.Our room was nicely decorated and good sized. The bathroomwas marble and tile and also good sized. The bed was verycomfortable with 4 large pillows. The location of the hotel wasnear the corner of Bush Powell, within a few feet of the Powellstreet cable car. Union Square is a 3 block walk downhill. Buythe 3 day metro pass for $11.00 and you can ride any publictransit including the cable car back up the hill. All hotel personnel were extremely pleasant and helpful. Our maid evenmade it a point to thank us for our daily tip. My hats off to theownership, management and personnel who operate this hotel.Wish there were more like you.

Comfortable and friendly We stayed at H10 Hotel Raco del Pi Barcelona for 3 nights in August 2008. We are a mature couple who like to explore on foot, getting the real flavour of a city, its people and culture so we tend to research the location where we wish to stay thoroughly. We describe ourselves as backpackers at heart who have matured to enjoy reasonably comfortable accommodation. We chose Raco del Pi because it is conveniently located in the old city (Barrio Gotic) with narrow alleys and streets, surrounded by reasonable quality, low cost restaurants and close to Las Ramblas, subway etc and a short walk to the Plaza Catalunya shopping precinct and open top bus routes.The hotel staff were always helpful and enjoyed the welcome class of champagne on arrival. We always request a quiet room and they obliged, with the street noise from mainly foot traffic disappearing by mid evening. The room was reasonably large, bathroom was clean, a fridge in the room and air conditioned. The room was serviced daily and whilst our chosen price range does not provide 5 star sparkle, the hotel was clean and comfortable with a good shower. We will return to Raco del Pi without hesitation.

Perfect location This is one of our best experiences at Timeshare resorts.Very good location, fast drive to best malls of Miami.Couple of minutes from the airport.The rooms are also very nice. Only that the second bedroom only has one bed. You have a great view of the golf course located at the resort.Everything is nearby. Publix, Walmart, Bestbuy, BJ are all less then 15 minutes away. Even Tigerdirect is close.

Perfect Stay I stayed there for a week and loved every second of my stay in the Golden section of the Bahia Principe. First of all let me say this hotel is very well maintained, beautiful vegetation, very very clean. I don't have one single complaint to issue. The people complaining here are just too picky or simply never happy with anything. Its my 6th trip down south, 1st time in Punta Cana and I can say without hesitation, that I would go back anytime. The Gourmet and Japanese restaurants are very good, the hotel is just huge, the club is actually pretty good. I was there with my girlfriend, and both of us loved this resort. Don't forget to tip them, I was so disappointed at the people who didn't tip especially in the a la carte restaurants where the service was fast and very good.The week went by so fast, the weather was hot and the beach is very nice at the resort. I would recommend this hotel to anyone planning a stay in Punta Cana

GREAT LOCATION My friends and I had stayed at the Parc 55 Hotel to celebrate New Year's. We chose this hotel because of its reasonable price and its close proximity to Union Square and various restaurants. I have read previous TripAdvisor reviews about the hotel being in an undesirable or seedy location. I found the hotel's surroundings to be fine, especially during the day. Cyril Magnin Street, where the hotel is located, is very busy with vehicles and pedestrian traffic. However, as with any vacation, it is always important to remain vigilant and aware of your surroundings. The check-in process was quite easy. This is a rather busy hotel which is heavily used by the flight crews of various airlines, convention attendees, and business travelers. The hotel staff was courteous and helpful, except for one of the bellmen who seemed to be having a bad day. The seven elevators were rather efficient, timely, and spacious. Our ninth floor room was typical but very accommodating. The bed was very luxurious to sleep in. The bathroom was clean with sufficient ammenities. Street noise was heard throughout the day and night, mainly from police and fire vehicle sirens. But that's typical for any downtown hotel. A temporary fitness center was created on the second floor while the regular fifth floor location is being renovated. It is heavily used by guests and only offered five (5) cardio machines. Free weights and/or resistance training equipment were not available. The only complaint that I had was the hotel's valet parking. Guests are charged $40 dollars a day (plus tax) with in-and-out privileges. This fee could add up if you plan to stay several days. Also, allow between 10-25 minutes for the parking valet person to obtain your vehicle. One day that I waited about 20 minutes. After complaining about the long wait, I was informed by the valet supervisor that my vehicle had been parked at an alternate lot because their hotel garage was full. If you arrive back to the hotel late in the evening, chances are that your vehicle will be parked at the alternate lot. If you're looking for a convenient hotel that provides affordable daily parking, you might want to consider the Cathedral Hill Hotel, just a few blocks away on Van Ness Avenue. They provide a discounted room/parking package. The daily parking fee would be about $10. Better yet, you park it yourself and leave at your own convenience.Overall, my friends and I had a pleasant stay at the Parc 55 Hotel. I would recommend it to any traveler who would like to be in the heart of Downtown San Francisco.TRAVEL TIP: Rather than travel across the busy Market Street to get to the San Francisco Shopping Centre, a quicker and possibly safer way is to go through the underground Powell Street BART station. A Starbucks Coffee is located at the mall's entrance.

Fabulous Hotel!!!! Clean bathroom

Amazing New Year Celebration at The Oriental Bathtroom 1

Loved it.. perfect location Nice view of the harbor bridge from room

Basic accomodation stayed at the royal grove for a week and was very happy with the service...they were a very helpful and friendly hotel. The location is perfect..just yards away from the Duke's statue and Waikiki beach. The rooms were fairly basic and needed redecorating but for the price what can you expect !! Recommended as a cheap option for Waikiki which can be expensive. Money saved on the hotel enabled us to do other amazing things in Hawaii.

outstanding!!! There is just one word to describe the peninsula experience........OUTSTANDING! From the moment you are picked up from the airport in a Rolls Royce to the moment you are dropped off you enter a world of understated opulence that is almost beyond comparison.This hotel is ahead of its competitors as you feel cosseted from the word go. You feel that nothing is too much trouble....and it isn't.There are cheaper hotels but they are not of the same stature as The Peninsula. You get what you pay for. Without question, if you would like to stay here....do not hesitate. You will not be dissapointed!!!

Family Run Hotel, Great Attitude, Great Location My wife and I spent 9 days here while I was attending a business meeting and she was sightseeing. Our friend from Zurich and two of my business associates from the UK also stayed here. After my meetings, I also did some sightseeing, and we all had some great food. The larger rooms are quite nice in the European manner -- not huge like US chains, but well appointed and very pleasant. We had two different larger rooms -- one for two nights, one for six, and a much smaller standard interior room for one night. The standard rooms are small (like those in the Westpark in NYC), but still nicely done -- a bit like the old vaudeille gag -- I didn't have room to change my mind! But that's only part of the story. What makes the smaller rooms quite viable is the very large and pleasant common area and sitting room, with a dozen or so tables and very large windows looking out onto the street below (this room, and the hotel desk are on a very high second floor. The hotel is also computer-friendly. There are two computers in the common area for occasional browsing use, and my laptop found a free WiFi connection to the internet, both in the common area and in both of our larger rooms. Didn't try it in the small room. Others have mentioned the 24-hour buffet as a nice plus, and it is. My wife and our Zurich friend especially liked it. There's even beer and wine, and it was nice to be able to offer it to friends who met us in the common area before going out to dinner together. It was almost like greating your friends in your living room! The coffee is a weak point -- if you like it strong, you'll be disappointed -- but there's a great coffee shop and bakery about five blocks up the main street. The location is very good, especially if you want to get around on Barcelona's excellent bus or subway systems. My business meetings were in the new CCIB, which is on the oceanfront in a rather out of the way part of town, but there is a direct bus route only a block away that got me there in 20 minutes. There are also direct bus routes to virtually all of the tourist destinations and restaurants. There are stations for several major subway lines within about three blocks. Important hint: go to the transit office in the nearby Universitat subway station (a few blocks southwest) and pick up the EXCELLENT bus map. Map makers around the world should be studying this map -- it's the best I've seen, both for the busses and as a map of the city. And it's FREE! Also, go for the 10-ride ticket, a real bargain. It's good on the fine subway system too, and you can transfer, but it's far nicer to see the city on the busses. For this reason, we rode the subway only once. The only downside of the bus system is that the last run of the night is often before you've finished dinner (restaurants don't open for dinner until 9 pm), so you may be in a cab for the ride back to the hotel. Oh yeah -- the bus back to the airport stops only two blocks away, making it very easy to get out of town (but with a separate fare, roughly 5 Euro, as I recall). Barcelona is a great city -- can you tell we loved it? Great energy, friendly people, lots to see and do.

looking tired I stayed here for 1 night on the club floor. I booked through ichotels web site and asked for a king bed. Check in was a bit slow but i was upgraded to a kind of suite. This had a hall, bedroom and tiny living room with gravel balcony. The decor was early 80's and not that well maintained,stained walls from water seepage, battered paintwork and the tiles around the bath had holes for old fittings drilled and just left making it look a bit dirty. A nice touch is the senseo coffe maker in place of the usualinstant sachets. The club lounge is pleasant enough for a drink but didn't eat anything there. For the 180 euro i paid i guess it is ok for this city but i would pay the usually higher prices

Lovely Stay

Nice Hotel, Good location I booked here at short notice through a website for 109 euro which is good for Amsterdam at the moment. I had a room with a view over the flower market and Muntplein. Reception staff were freidly and efficient. The room was smallish butcontained everything needed inc. tea/coffee and safe. Both room and bathroom were clean and well maintained.The bad points were the queen bed was 2 singles which drew apart during the night(very romantic!) and the shower going from perfect to scalding to freezing, that they really should fix. If not for this i would give 4*

Pretty Average I was in Berlin for 5 nights over Easter and spent the first 2 here. The Lobby and bar ismodern and pleasant though the service to get a drink was very slow. .on going to room the was noone to carry luggage . The room itself was clean and modern but quite small. With the usual facilities. The bathroom was small with hairdryer etc, though the towels were small and coarse. The king bed was 2 singles with flat pillows and no pillow menu and surpringly the bedding wasn't changed daily.After 2 nights I was more than ready to go to the Intercontinental, which is often available for about the same price as the Sofitel

Freezing cold A 2 night stay in a suiye on top floor of hotel, on arrival all heating in the suite was switched off. This in January with -3 C temp !!. The bathroom is heated only by a towel rail so never warmed up and on 2nd day just as the room was comfy housekeeping came in and switched the heating off again. This is unbelievable behavior in any hotel let alone a 5* one. The living room had a view of a dirty terrace with old fireworks and cigarette ends on it. The bedroom no view. Tried afternoon tea in the lounge, the food and tea not great and the service so bad it became a comedy. Good points, most staff were friendly and the hotel is clean, the location is also great.

The UN-Surpassed Millenium UN Plaza Empire State at Night

Dodgy bed Just got back from a weekend at this hotel. The location is excellent; quiet street with the U-bahn entrance just 50 metres away (two stops from Alexanderplatz hub). Staff were genuinely friendly. Basic room was quite small and the bed was a sprung matress - very uncomfortable - far too soft. There was a helpful warning about mosquitoes by the window though and as they tend to be fond of my blood this was a handy tip.So.... breakfast 8/10, location 8/10, bed 1/10 - my poor neck!

Great staff and great location. This hotel has not been reviewed for quite sometime and must have changed a great deal recently.We stayed in room 403, which had a bad review last year, the room was a little on the small side but had been decorated recently to a very high standard and was kept spotlessly clean by the housekeeping team.The hotel is still undergoing refurbishment but that didn't cause us any problems.The staff at reception were very helpful with directions and very helpful when asked for advice.We did not have breakfast there so can't comment on that.The bar was closed for refurbishment but there is nice bar/restraunt over the road.It is probably in one of the best locations in the city.Overall we had a great time there and wouldn't hesitate in recommending it.

Majestic Colonial is Awesome! Stayed at the Majestic March 1st -6th. We were impressed with the hotel from the moment we stepped off of the bus. Before we could even make it to the check in counter, our bags were taken care of and we had frozen drinks in hand.Our room was available upon check-in, we stayed in 2351 (Ocean Front). Room was absolutely beautiful and the view was breath-taking. We spent a number of nights on the terrace enjoying a drink and the sounds of the ocean. Jacuzzi on the terrace is awesome, however, takes a good 20 minutes to fill (well worth it once you get it going!)House-keeping was great and had no negative expereinces. Mini bar was refilled daily with water, beer,and snacks.Pool and beach are awesome, we typicaly arrived at the pool between 8:30-10:00AM and always found chairs available. The entertainment team is great! I found all of them to be very personable and professional. Most of the team spoke 2-3 different languages. Our favorite was Paublo who took the time to introduce himself not to mention he is a great Spanish instructor!The Spa was very good and reasonably priced, we enjoyed a 55 minute couples massage. I found the massage to be equally as good as one might experience at a Spa in their hometown.We found the food to be average / good with many choices to select from (Breakfast Dinner meals we enjoyed the best). The beef pork taste very different than here in North America (although some enjoyed it). Service was always excellent, our glasses were never allowed to go empty and we were always greeted with a smile.The shows in the evening (especially the Michael Jackson Show) were very enjoyable, followed by time at the disco with the entertainment team. The casino is small but enjoyable.Outside of the hotel resort grounds there is a small shopping plaza. I DO NOT recommend shopping there. Extremely high pressure, none of the items are marked with pricing, and you are usually quoted prices much higher than the items are worth. We always offered 70-80% less than what they quoted and they always took the offer. All the items at the shopping plaza are also offered within the hotel resort, properly priced and marked accordingly with no pressure.Overall we found the Majestic Colonial to be a great resort and a good value for an all inclusive. You won't be disappointed at the Majestic!If you have any quesions feel free to send me a note and I'd be more than happy to try and answer your questions...Ray

Great if you can sleep through anything As others have noted, Da House is very stylish, with a great central location in Old San Juan. However, the music, whether from the adjacent Nuyorican club, or from the bar in the alley, went on until about 3 AM almost every day I was there. I wore earplugs, but they couldn't block the sound of a trumpet in the alley at 2:30 one morning. Also, there's no elevator, so be prepared to carry your bags up four flights of stairs if you stay on the top level (the one with the terrace). The owner and the staff are very nice and friendly, though, and partying twenty-somethings likely would love the place.

Loved The View, Loved The Room, Great Stay We Stayed in This Hotel for one day. the check in area is always crowded, and you dont have to travel far to find a starbucks! the elevators are really confusin, and ineffective. you are going to need a second job to pay the parking bill! i think last time i checked, it was $55 per day. we got a junior suite, it was great. lots of great amenities. i loved the Good night chocolates, but i expected alot more from service. the view is so amazing!! i loved it, but it was to alcoholic for me. Here's a tip, Park across the street for 25$. it wont give you in n out priveleges, but its safe enough to keep it there overnight!

Nicest Villa Ever The King Sized Bed in each room

Gret little secret in North Sydney This is a great little hotel in North Sydney, located next to the Harbour Bridge. The Milsons Point subway stop is right across the street.When we checked in, there had been a problem with our reservation and I was upgraded to a suite on the executive level. Wonderfully comfortable room, nice view of the Marina.The staff is helpful with giving directions and addressing guest needs. The hotel is rather hip; however, some of the furniture in the rooms looks a bit worn.Internet access is not free. Morning newspapers, which are promised at check-in, were never delivered. The underground parking is impossible to manuever.I'd definitely stay here again!

problems with this hotel I would not be so critical of this hotel were it not for the price. It was about $100 more expensive per night than any of the surrounding properties, most of which looked equal to and some superior to the Rincon of the Seas when we toured them. On the positive side, the staff is friendly and helpful. The main desk people were nice and the housekeeping crew were outstanding. The room, and, in fact, the whole hotel were spotless. The pool was clean and nice, but only deep enough for a kiddie pool. The beach was great with plenty of chairs. Housekeeping provided a lot of fresh beach towels. The 5th floor oceanview room had a spectacular view of the sunset, and a good large balcony, however I had to fix a drainpire with a coke can so it wouldn't flood the balcony. The room was small with not enough surface space to put all the stuff that one spreads out for an 8 day stay. Only one side of the bed had a night table. The furniture was servicable but tired and certainly never high end. The linens were okay at best. The bathroom was all right, but again tired and the tile and fixtures were not what one would expect at a hotel as expensive as this. Both ice machines and one of the two elevators were broken and never fixed during our stay. You had to trek to the pool bar at the other end of the property to get ice. The bartenders at the pool bar were incredibly busy doing things other than serving the customers. I once tried to order a drink when there were only 4 people at the bar. The other three already had a drink. There were 4 servers behind the bar who were extraordinary at avoiding eye contact and not hearing your order. When one finally came up to take my order, she apologized and shrugged as to suggest that she was so busy. I looked behind me to see if 30 more people had snuck in, but no, the same four thirsty souls. Perhaps the worst was the fact that there was a wedding at the hotel and the wedding party had the rooms on both sides of us. They commenced to play loud music and talk and laugh loudly at 10 pm, cranked up the decibel level at midnight, and started screaming at 1 am, which they continued until two or three am for three consecutive nights. There was no response from the front desk when I asked that security be sent to at least talk to them. They said they would, but the noise continued unabated. In fact, I can't say that I ever saw a security guard at any time while I was there. Many guests had similar experiences as ours. One couple, who were on the 3rd floor, thought the screaming was a terrorist attack, and they were figuring out how to protect their children when the desk told them it was only a wedding group. There were rumors that the hotel was about to change hands, so maybe the management is just hanging on until something happens. All in all, I would have to say to keep away from this place especially at the prices they charge. Rincon is a great place, but the Rincon of the Seas is not the way to enjoy it.

Charlesmark perfect for Boston Let's first dispense with the only neg: yes, the rooms are small. But this is a small building and the spaces were very cleverly distributed. It was not uncomfortable at all. Room size is sufficient to crash after walking the city and they are fairly new, well decorated, very clean and I didn't experience any noise problems.Now with the good: This was my first time in Boston. I made the reservations by e-mail for pre and post cruise stays. The e-mail reservation was handled swiftly, as was my re-confirmation request.Price/value - I really looked around and couldn't find anything better in such a central location. $206.00 is really a good deal for this little jewel of a place.Location - Excellent. If the location was any better, it would probably be ruined. We walked everywhere from the hotel. Steps from the Prudential mall, T-Station, Newbury street, and right next to some pretty good restaurants (make reservations early).Check in - We first arrived around 6:00 Pm on a Friday and the check in process was fast and painless. Nice young lady at the desk. On our second check in, we arrived too early, but another nice young lady took our bags and was very dilligent in informing us when our room was ready. Our bags were waiting for us in the room.Facilities - Nice bar just off the lobby. Great bartenders. Good people-watching outside deck. PC's and laser jet printer available for guests just off the bar. Again, building is small but the elevator is full size.Food - The hotel has an adequate and basic breakfast available for free. There's a Thai restaurant right next door. I didn't try it but the other guests seem to like it. They serve in the hotel as if it were a hotel restaurant, but it is not. There are many nearby eating places, from cheap and fast to very upscale. On busy nights, wait times can be from one to two hours so make reservations early. We tried the Legal Seafoods at the nearby Prudential - overrated. We settled for the Cheesecake Factory also at Prudential (we had enough seafood and gourmet cooking during our cruise). It's the best value as restaurants here are too expensive.Attractions - I cannot emphasize enough about the central location of this place. In two hours, we leisurely walked from the hotel, to the Gardens, Commons, Freedom Trail up to the Quincy Market. We took the T green line back (that sucked). On an evening, we walked around Newbury just behind the hotel. Did I say that the hotel is in the middle of everything?Plumbing problems and such - NONE. Everything worked just fine.Check out - Also painless. We left early for the airport and the gentleman manning the desk was nice enough to help us with our bags and even risked life and limb to step into the street with a whistle and a flashlight to hail a cab from the nearby Lennox hotel for us. Before we had a chance to thank him, he was already walking away. I say this because he did so very professionally, not hanging around expecting a tip or anything.

Decent stay Plus- Location is the best. Hotel is close to everything.- Room is surprisingly quiet given how busy the location is.- Complimentary buffet per my Marriott Platinum status was excellent with unbelievable view!Minus- Our room is very dated. Wear and tear are everywhere.- Bellboys and all guys downstair were helpless. I had about 5 bags checked in before my ride came and picked me up. No one downstair offered me any help (not even catching the door) and I had to make multiple trips coming in and out the door with all guys just looking at me. It was horrible.- We had to ride two elevators to get to our room. Just found that inconvenient.- Front desk promised to bring us a fridge... it never came.

If the location only matters... If your want to stayi in Waikiki and to be close to the beach, and near all the 5 for $20 t-shirt shops... this place is for you. The lobby is nice and so are the staff, and that is where in ends. The rooms are small, and walls and doors poorly painted. They have tried to brighten the area up with blue an yellow colors, but failed. Other than the fitted sheet, the bedding appeared dirty or soiled and needed to be replaced. If the wind was blowing, the windows whistled... I check the door to the lanai, and everything (believe me).Now, they do offered valet parking, which is convenient when you are tired and want to relax, BUT the enterance is opposing traffice, and can only fit at most three cars at a time! Very fustrating as it is right next to a bus stop.Great place to stay if you are only looking for a place to sleep, and are on a budget... but if you are planing to relax in your room, and enjoy a slow paced atmosphere... try again.

Ahh... Relaxation and comfort We had the pleasure of staying at this resort in early May. Very beautiful, and well taken care of. The staff were pleasant, and welcoming. The restaurants were great, yet you will pay for the comfort. We had lunch at the Rainbow Lanai and it was over $50 for the two of us, no dessert, and one drink. There is plenty of shops to visit and look at, and even one of the thousands ABC stores on the island. The beach area was beautiful and relaxing. The noise of other areas of Waikiki was gone... just the sound of waves and walkable beaches (no rocky shorelines). A little recommendation... save yourself the headache, and once you get into your room, immediately throw away any card, flyer, note, brochure that refers to free items or scratch-off prizes. Unless, you like to sit and listen to timeshare presentations all day and like to say no alot. I did so, and glad I did (after seeing the faces of many friends who were curious).Also, spend the extra money and take some type of formal transporation. The hotel has arrangements with taxi companies, including Charlie's which for $12.00, took us to the airport in a limo. I took the city bus one day to go see Pearl Harbor, and lets just say, Tyenol and a comfy bed was my friend the rest of the day.Great place, great atmosphere, beautiful views, and several photo opportunities. Even if your not staying there, walk down one night and get some photos.

Very cool hotel This hotel was very modern and sleek. Beautiful, well-laid out, albeiit small rooms. Fantastic breakfast with an incredible selection of meats, cheeses, yogurts, breads etc. And, as a non-German speaker, the staff were uber-helpful. Great location in front of a u-bahn stop.

Very cool hotel with great service The room was very well-designed, beautifully furnished. The lobby was impressive, and always lively. The breakfast was more like one in Germany! Very generous. There is a lovely deck on the roof, with a bar and chaise lounges. Excellent location near shopping, Las Ramblas and the metro.The staff was very helpful as well, arranging for rental car, restaurant reservations and hotel reservations out of town. We would stay there alone in a heartbeat.

Perfect for us I see a lot of negative reviews for this hotel, but personally, I saw nothing wrong with it. It was comparable to most American hotels I've stayed in at that price/star-level, with, of course, much smaller rooms. But as I understand, that's just Europe for you. Plus, we didn't go to Amsterdam to sit in our room. Interestingly enough, the bathroom was almost as big as the bedroom - which was a good thing since you DO need more room in there.Found the location to be very nice - close to Centraal Station, close to lots of shops and cheaper eateries (we only went to one restaurant before realizing how expensive things were). As for the threat of crime around the area - it doesn't even compare to many American cities I've been in (New Orleans, St Louis, Memphis, etc). Of course, that's just a gut feeling. We never felt threatened, but still made sure to keep our eyes open for trouble.I guess if I were used to 5 star hotels where money is no option, this would be a disappointment. But really, I just wanted a clean, convenient place to stay and that's exactly what I got. Also, at the time, you could get rooms here through Priceline for pretty cheap.

Had a great time! View from room

Very nice time in Madrid I've enjoyed a nice trip in Madrid with my parents and friends in this hotel, placed in the center of the town.Very easy to reach, near to Prado Museum, Puerta del Sol and to the Gold Mile, the hotel is very nice. Big rooms, crew always available to help, near to restaurants and other attractions.Good the continental breakfast, but no possibility to have lunch or dinner.

Best combination price-location If visiting Barcelona means you're going to stay all day in your hotelroom, Toledano is definitely not your best choice. If, on the other hand, you just need a clean place to sleep, there's nothing wrong with it. Nothing else can beat the price location. Don't forget to ask one of the guys behind the computer at the reception which restaurant they choose when they go out with friends and you'll get great tips (at least we did).

Anyone with a sense of taste avoid this I'm a frequent business traveller working with a Fortune 50 Company. Our corporation is notorious for selecting bad to terrible hotels for events and meetings. This rule was clearly confirmed this time. I stayed in the Fear Palace 3 nights and counted the minutes to leave. It clearly rates as one of the 10 worst hotels I stayed in (among 100's). Worst: - Food was unbelievably bad during the 3 days. It can't be described but I'm sure anybody who ever stayed there and has some sense for acceptable food knows what I'm talking about. One waiter was sweating so heavily during dinner that sweat drop poured into the food. This was the most disgusting experience in my life. I literally did not touch or eat the food for 3 days and only had bread. Some other attendants had problems after eating.- Rooms. Yes they are big. But I don't care if they a room is big my first priority is some cleanliness and an acceptable bed. Let me start with the cleanliness. It was DIRTY! On the entry door there where balls of dust that accumulated over the years that was never cleaned. The bathroom was outright disgusting. The shower (yes it is separate) was full of lime. The mirror to shave was covered in dirt. The bed was uncomfortable and the cushions were old and smelly. The whole room had a very strange smell. The cabinet doors couldn't be opened without force. It was a terrifying experience. It goes on and on like this....- Service. Apart from a super incompetent service at the lobby I tried to order something on the room the first night. After a couple of tries I gave up. I never had to do that in my life.- Infrastructure. The infrastructure is outdated and looks like late 80's. Internet did not work and we had to be reimbursed. They were not able to keep the temperature at an acceptable level in a room with 300 or so people.I could go on and on..... but if you are a business traveller or anyone with a little taste or sense for hygiene avoid this hotel.

Warning I decided to book this hotel after reading the reviews and I am not disappointed. all true. The hotel is very clean and well located. The staff is very friendly (Marshall and Varsa). But expect this friendship from everybody there. There is a woman that works in the front desk that was rude with me and my wife.

Location - Location - Location PROS:2 minute walk from Downtown Crossing.Free internet access.Rooms clean and comfortable.Staff friendly and efficient.Seperate pub restaurant on site - The Elephant Castle.CONS:Bathroom tiny.No sound proofing between rooms, it is possible to hear the television in the room next door.The attached pub / restaurant is extremely busy and crowded with after work socialisers.OVERALL:A good experience and for the price, we would definitely stay again.

Great Location Both myself and my wife stayed here for 2 nights in December 2006. Our room was a suite overlooking Darling Harbour. The room was clean, comfortable, very large and luxurious.We found the hotel employees to be very courteous and attentative.The big selling point of this hotel is it's close proximity to all sights in Sydney and the views over Darling Harbour.

convenient to the airport I used to stay at this hotel before it was renamed Holiday Inn - same hotel, same staff - different name is all. The difference was a doubling in their rates. This is NOT a $200 a night property.I used to be an airline pilot and used to stay at this hotel regularly - over 60 nights a year. It was ok - restaurant is very expensive but there is a little cafe next door which is reasonable where all the Qantas office workers go for their meals. Botany Road is a ten minute walk and there are many hole-in-the-wall restaurants there that are worth walking to. Out at the airport there is nothing to do, though - no nightlife or attractions of any kind, although this property offers convenience. It was great at arrive and get to this hotel after a long flight and crash into bed, so convenience is what they offer - but the rates are too high for the level of quality and they lose me there since it makes no sense to be paying this rate . The train station is a five minute walk and it's easy to go there and jump a train to the city center.Our rate was A$100 a night, and at that rate it was ok. Their present rates are just nuts! It's also getting worn - carpets are poor, bedspreads need cleaning. The place is either getting beaten to death or simply not being refurbished/maintained.

Classy, clean, perfect location, great staff. This hotel is beautiful.Although it has a small lobby and the room is not that big, the quality of the room and the service makes up for it in a big way.I got here and everyone was very polite and check-in was a breeze.The room had a great workstation with a leather chair and a printer/fax. The internet is wired which sort of restricts you to the desk,The TV is in the perfect spot. The bathroom and shower were impeccable with great soaps and gels that smell superb.The towels are nice and thick and the bathrobe is very comfortable.Although there is only a bar and no resto, your in NYC and there are great places to eat no matter what direction you head in.This location is a few blocks from broadway and a bit less to 5th for shopping which is super becuase time square is so noisy.There is a concierge downstairs who is willing to help you with all your requests.The bellhop ran directly into traffic to get me a cab.....( he's still alive too!!) There is a small workout room with low impact machines (all new)I have been to plenty of hotels in NYC and spent more on other places but this place has been the best gem yet.If your in NYC and your looking for a great place to stay where it's relatively quiet, this is your best bet.

Great Hotel, Nice people- perfect stay I read some of the reviews and was a bit nervous about what I'd see....but I was pleasantly surprised.I stayed there for 2 days....(1418 faces the city)My room was beautiful, facing the city. large and very comfortable, clean heavenly bed with a dual head shower.The TV is at an akwward place but if you pull it out of the armoire your good to go, the only thing was that since I use my laptop on the desk , My back was facing the TV which I did not like.The People there from the front desk to the Valet were super nice and very helpful. The bar was OK....but the bartender was a grimacing little man who could not smile if you gave him the winning powerball numbers.Workout room was nice, with brand new treadmills, free weights, and other new peices of equipment.I recommend that if you stay there, you rent a vehicle because the hotel is more then just a few minutes from the west end and uptown. Besure to check Vino100 in uptown if your into wines...Good for Business people and honey mooners....kids will not be as happy because there is no pool, there is however a skating rink in the plaza that connects directly to the hotel.

Super Nice place..BIG ROOMS!!! Nice place...very clean.Pool area is great for the kiddies.Lounge is nice and big with a few TV'sFree WI-Fi in the whole building...Room was super big (Ask for a corner King)Bed is really comfortable with 6 pillows.Bathroom has whirlpool jets but I'd never soak in there....I was upset with the room service adding 18% + 2.00 delivery and then you have to tip the waiter. C'est la vie....Paid 80.00 for this room and it was worth every cent.A couple of minutes from DFW and across the highway is a theater and some chain Restos.

Muchas gracias! Truly Excelente! Franklin's Spanish lesson.

Just OK After booking this hotel we read a number of reports about funny smells etc but we had no experience of this. However there was nothing special about this hotel, rooms were a bit tired, there was only a small shower room which was poor and not up to standard for this class of hotel. In the evening around 5ish, they hold a wine tasting, but we felt it just work and was all a bit odd.Location wise it was OK within a very short walk of a tram stop, but at night you felt you had to be wary - not that we had a problem. The hotel offers a discount for breakfast at the diner on the corner and can recommend this.

All that Jazz I booked this hotel following good reviews on various websites and I am glad I did. This was the first trip to Barcelona for my wife and I.We booked three nights stay at the Hotel Jazz which is perfectly located near the main area not far from the Ramblas.The hotel is clean,modern and has good facilities including a rooftop pool and solarium.There are also free toiletries in case you forget the essentials.Our room also had a mini bar which was useful for keeping our wine and drinks cool after a long day sightseeing!We found the free internet access useful for keeping in touch with home.The only thing lacking in our opinion was that there was no tea/coffee making facilities in the room.If like us you prefer to eat breakfast outside the hotel I would suggest the Cafe De L'Opera on the Ramblas as a good option.Also a good tip is to go to El Cortes Ingles Department Store a short walk away,go to the Cafe on the top floor,get a window seat,order a coffee and admire the stunning views across the city. Overall I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Barcelona.

Hotel Balestri Hotel was a nice old hotel. Large room. Location was excellent

Perfect service, perfect stay. Booked on my banks AMEX travel service. Didn't know much about the hotel but it looked good and had a good price.I ended up staying here for 8 nights.6 with my g/f. 2 with a friend.Both rooms were on the Executive floor.From the very start service was outstanding. So so friendly. At check-in there was a problem with my room, due to me wanting a King bed and them booking a twin. Problem was rectified after they personally showed me some rooms to make sure I was happy with them. Made check-in a little bit longer but they were very helpful and it was kinda fun.Rooms are nice. Nothing ultra modern, nothing dated. Nice and comfortable. The great thing about this hotel is that you get a PC with free internet! In our room we had a tv facing the bed and a PC on a separate desk.Breakfast was great, we were in a smaller area due to being on the executive level - no queues for the omelette guy which was great!The only other restaurant at the hotel we tried was the sushi bar - it was average.There is a train station directly underneath the hotel and another one 5 minutes walk away.The area the hotel is in is a bit further from the 'action' of Tokyo. However, it has great restaurants and feels a lot more relaxed and homely. You get the feeling you could be staying at a apartment because its not all glitzy and touristy.The nighttime cabs back from Shibuya will hurt your wallet though!Overall - Perfect comfortable stay. Nothing bad. Great service, always smiling, always willing to help and genuinely friendly.

Quality excellence Having found the hotel on tripadvisor.com i hunted around for a deal and found the best offer on the hotel website.We stayed in Theodore De Banville which was a good size room with a high standard of decoration and facilities (no kettle though!!)we couldn't fault the hotel or staff at all it was all very good. only complaints would be the VERY high bar cost, for single whiskey etc

How it's changed since Sunscape ownership On our return journey from Sunscape Casa del Mar in February, my wife I were informed (by the senior Thomson rep at Punta Cana), that the Oasis Group had now taken over running Globalia Punta Cana Grand, formerly (when we last stayed there in 2004 2005) Sunscape Punta Cana Grand; now known as Grand Oasis Punta Cana; and that Thomson were to market the resort in the UK. So we decided to book a week in April to check it out, to see if the resort had declined or improved:We have to admit that, overal, the resort has improved in many areas. Our pre-arrival contact with Caren de Vries (one of the Managers who stayed on after Sunscape), resulted in our being afforded a welcome back suite in one of the various new blocks, which are fantastic. If you go to the resort, try and get room 6207. It doesn't have a sea view, but it's a fantastic suite and close to the adult pool.The service, friendliness and attention to detail afforded by all the resort's staff has noticeably improved, and they are really great.Felix (the Resteraunts Supervisor; still there from Sunscape days) continues to do everything he can for you, whichever resteraunt you go to. Rolando (at the Beach Cafe lunchtime; at the Italian evenings), always ensured there was a chilled bottle of wine on the table as you rolled off the beach for lunch.The beach squad were on the beach every morning clearing the overnight seaweed invasion. HOWEVER, since we were last there in 2005, the lagoon itself has become overun by seaweed and is constantly floating loose in the water, making it not very enjoyable to swim in. It's not a problem if you're a Pool person, but my wife I are Beach Bums so I have to admi thatt the seaweed is a downer in our books.The food is the standard you come to expect at any Dominican resort. It has depreciated in quality and variety since Sunscape, but it's still mostly enjoyable whether bufet or a la carte, usually helped down by (in our case) chilled white wine or, on Managers cocktail night, by champagne.In all, it remains a very good, well run resort. It's intimate; not big and overcrowded like some of the other places. It is still far better than Sunscape The Beach, but not quite as good as Sunscape Casa del Mar.By the way, Sunscape are bowing out of Casa del Mar in October 2007, and the Barcelo Group will take over the reort.

Sunscape Resorts: The Best There Is....and more. My wife I stayed at the Sunscape Punta Cana Grand in February 2005 and we cannot fail to recommend it to the highest degree in EVERY aspect of what you should expect from an AI 5-star resort. The beach, the drinks the rooms, the restaurants, the wine, the buffet, the entertainment, more wine, the champagne night, the lobster night, the drinks, the staff (**), the management, the cleanliness, the 6-star beach dinner party (unbelievable), the beach BBQ (unbelievable)....just EVERYTHING.** When you get there, ask for Felix (Restraunt Manager); a gentleman, ace and dedicated friend. Say Princess (the name he gave my wife) sends her love.Unfortunately, The Grand changes name ownership in January 2006.Most of the staff will stay there. But Sunscape will nodoubt take their stars to The Beach (a brand new resort just round the ismus), which is where we'll be in February. JUST CHOOSE SUNSCAPE. See you there !!Alan Sophia Dumelow

Good Standard Stop Over Hotel Firstly, I've read other reviews on this property and had to ask myself what do I expect from a hotel directly relating to the purpose of my visit .I see Mercure Hotel Sydney Airport as an overnight stop over before or after travel and have used it on three occassions now with very little complaint.These reviews are to rate a hotel as you see it and not to try antanticipate what others standards are and what they may want from the place. I appreciate that peoples standards vary with experience and needs etc. Please read my review based on this.To us the Mercure Hotel was clean, comfortable and reasonable value with a park and fly deal for seven days booked directly through the property.Yes, the restaurant is a little expensive but they don't try to hide their prices which are clearly displayed at the entrance. We didn't have breakfast there so won't comment. The bar was disappointing. The barman on the night we stayed appeared uninterested and unfriendly and the drink prices were excessive. Fortunately, little of our travel time is spent hanging around hotel bars. There is a perfectly good club venue with meal and bar facilities within a short walking distance of the hotel. The front desk staff were found to be courteous and efficient. No more could be asked and no more was looked for.The twin standard room we booked was clean and comfortable. Fittings were a little tired or well used but again quite adequate for a short stop over. Beds were comfortable and linen conducive to a good nights sleep. Towels and toiletries etc were also fine. No complaints for the money paid. We were not spending a lot of time in this room so have to be fair in judgement. Mini bar is from a machine in the hallway and charged to your room card which is one way of short cutting those that take delight in abusing the usual system.A wake up call booked for 0430 was on time and the shuttle service to the International terminal was efficient and also on time. (No problem with the return shuttle service either). We have stayed here before and also at Holiday Inn Sydney Airport and would rate both similarly. The only disadvantage of the Mercure is that long stay parking is in the open whilst that provided by Holiday inn is usually undercover. In general, few complaints compared to others. If you are not overly critical and discerning and fairly laid back in your approach to a simple airport stop over hotel than Mercure will do you just fine.

Great Hotel We needed a one night in stay in Sydney to attend a concert at the Entertainment Centre. Holiday Inn Darling Harbour could not have been any closer to the venue and is very handily located for other activities in and around Darling Harbour and Chinatown.I believe the hotel has undergone a recent renovation and had additional floor(s) added. Starting with reception everything was excellent. Desk staff were extremely courteous and efficient. The Concierge had an excellent knowledge of the city and was able to give great assistance with driving directions etc. Parking is limited and we were accomodated in the Entertainment Centre Car Park which was a short 3 minute walk.The room we had booked several months back direct through the hotel was a queen deluxe with breakfast package and we were pleasantly surprised to receive an upgrade to an executive suite on one of the new upper floors. The room was great in every regard. Spacious, spotless,modern and well furnished. As we were on a high floor, monorail noise mentioned in other reviews was not an issue.Eating options at the hotel included a restaurant that served an excellent breakfast buffet and a bar/grill with a limited but good quality and well priced menu and drinks. They cater well for people attending evening concerts at the Entertainment Centre across the road. Meals are light with a reasonable choice on the special show menu.It was hard to find fault with this hotel and based on this experience we would most definitely stay again. Accor hotels often receive mediocre reviews for the perception of generic brand or sameness but to some of us there is a certain comfort in knowing what to expect quality wise. This is the case with most Holiday Inns we have stayed at. The same concept of familiarity seems to work ok for McDonalds !!. 10/10 Holiday Inn Darling Harbour.

Fantastic Accommodation We followed the other rave reviews and booked 4 nights at Corte Grimani. Yes, it is absolutely wonderful. Huge spacious rooms and immaculately presented. Not glitzy. Very central location. Discretely positioned, we found it without difficulty by following their map. Adequate English spoken by reception staff. We would definitely stay here again.

Mediocre business hotel Average business hotel in HK - there are much better ones at this rate. However, the location is good, with easy access to the MTR and taxis are usually available at the lobby.

Great resort for the price Had a great stay at the Barcelo Punta Cana. Check-in was fast and smooth. A friendly and helpful front desk and service thoughout the resort, most of whom do know some english. The grounds, beach and flora are fabulous and the groundscrew and gardeners keeps the resort looking great around the clock, making your experience even more worthwhile. The food was good for the most part but not top-notch. The buffet restaurant is huge with lots to offer and the 24 hr beach/snack bar was great for after hours. The lobby bar, cool place to hang out and meet alot of people. Tokio is by far the best dinner restaurant on the resort. Very entertaining chefs. Book early in your trip, you will want to eat there again if you like it. Nightly entertainment was different every night and enjoyable. While I liked my stay alot, be aware that the resort does let in the locals on the weekends, whom basically took over the pool bar and beachside restaurant on saturday. Also, prepare to barter alot, as the resort lets in area vendors/crafters basically every other night from roughly 6pm-10. There are also alot of renovations going on on the west side of the resort, but none of this should deter you from having a great time. Overall, the resort was definitely worth the money I paid for it and I would go back.

Family Loved it! Stayed seven nights for our family vacation, wife and I in an imperial room on the 22nd floor with a partial view of SoMa and south SF, and kids in a deluxe room on the 9th floor with a view of the buildings accross the street. The imperial room is more expensive but is roomier, has one of those neat TVs in the bathroom mirror, and stereo sound system. Also comes with the complimentary lounge which serves a continental breakfast in the morning, and wine and cheese in the evening. We also were provided with complimentary vouchers for the breakfast buffet. At the time of our stay, the hotel was switching over to wireless internet, which was included in our room rate, but $10/night for the deluxe room. We used the in-door pool, hot tub and exerise equipment regularly. Also were regulars at the Starbucks inside the hotel.Enjoyed the modern japanese decor and art.All types of transportation right outside the door, and as my wife and daughter may attest, the number of shopping opportunities between Union Square and the Westfield Center is mind boggling.All in all, a great home base for our vacation.

OK, convenient and friendly We Spent three nights here, the Hotel is 'L' shaped, the picture shown for the hotel is 90 degrees to the main road. The rooms were comfortable and in good condition, clean. The road noise is loud, we bought ear plugs after the first night and slept sound the following two.Very convenient for public transport and eating places, local shops quite good, the area was clean and tidy, we felt quite safe walking around.

Four Seasons George V I decided to surprise my mom and take her to Paris before Christmas to do some shopping, having fun, and get in the holiday-mood.I heard George V is the number one hotel in the world so I expected number one service - and we did not get a bit of it.I must tell you, I was really disappointed about it.Location is good, flower decorations just amazing, rooms grandious (a bit funny though, there are lots of prisms and drops missing from the chrystal chandeliers - i guess memorablia for previous guests...), but thats all.Upon arrival our taxi could not take us to the entrance as drive-way was full with cars. We got out on the street, pulled out luggage from trunk while 4 personell was watching us at the entrance - no one helped us, even not, when going towards the entrance!! One just let us in, did not ask if we need help...After check-in, the guy came out from behind the desk, took the luggage from my mom and asked me if i dont mind bringing my luggage myself... What a service... :(We usually got out of the room around 9 am and got back around 4-5 pm. One day when we entered the room after 4pm we just realized a made is just working in our room - there was no sign outside! As we were very tired, I asked her just to do the beds and leave us, she did not understand it in English, had to call Housekeeping to ask them to translate what I need. Even after that she did not do it, just simply started to vacuum clean - whilst we were already in the room and asked her to leave!There were no appoligies later, nothing at all, it was like nothing happened.I tried to use the swimming pool one evening, but I had to leave after 15 min or so as it was full with kids (at least 6), jumping in the water, and being so loud like hell, nobody from staff asked them or the parents to stop this.Concierge was also strange, gave us just wrong information and was not helpful at all.The only place where I got the special Four Seasons touch was the tiny gift shop, the boy was really nice, helpful, fun, offered assistance way beyond his duties.

Great Rooms The rooms at the Intercontinental Boston Hotel are on a par with the best luxury class hotel rooms, such as Four Seasons and Ritz Carlton. The only thing this hotel lacks is the level/quality of service and attention to the little things. The rooms are fantastic. Spacious, well designed and very comfortable. The bathrooms are even better. Great tub and a separate shower; both with great fixtures. The sliding window between the bath and room is an innovative design that we enjoyed. But here is an example of a little thing that separates the great hotels from the very good. The IC linens are a 60/40 cotton/poly blend. Why not spend a few extra bucks on fine quality 100% cotton sheets? Other reviewers have made points about there not being a coffee maker in the room. I can live with that....Ritz Carlton and Four Seasons don't have coffee makers in their rooms either. I was glad to find complimentary coffee available in the lobby on Saturday (between 5:00 am and 7:00 am). However, when I went down on Sunday morning, I was told we don't put the coffee out on Sunday. Why not? Another little thing that separates the great from the very good.Some other pros and cons.Pro: Nice outdoor area on Boston Harbor with an outdoor restaurant and benches for relaxing. Con: Music from outdoor restaurant was annoyingly loud.Pro: Great Location: Close to South Station MBTA, easy walk to North End.Con: $39 overnight parking. Tip: If you are there on a weekend and don't need your car, skip parking at the hotel. Drive cater-corner to the hotel to International Place. $9.00/day covered parking on the weekend and after 4:30 on Friday.Con: Most (not all) of the front desk and just about everyone else we encountered were not overly friendly. Not rude, but certainly not warm. Just sort of disinterested.Bottom Line: We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at our Priceline rate. Had I paid rack rate, I might not feel the same way.

The Library delivers - again! This was our sixth stay at The Library, and this will be my sixth review. I only wish I could give it 6 Stars, because this hotel deserves it. All of the reviews that rave about this place are absolutely correct, and I can only reiterate their compliments. For this review, I will focus on the friendliness of the staff. Upon our arrival, the bellman recognized us from previous stays and gave us a hug. It was like we were coming to visit friends. During our visit, we spent some time in other, very high-end hotels. The stuffiness of the staffs with their noses up in the air only reiterates that The Library gets it. Provide a superior product with great customer service and your business will be rewarded. Well done Library - again.

Excellent Location!! Good Quality Rooms, Friendly Staff I took my girlfriend here in December '04 for a weekend break on birthday, and i am pleased to say that i was very happy with my choice of hotel.The hotel is in a excellent location, situated on a quiet street which is less than 1 minutes walk from the bustling Las Ramblas, and with it being right in the centre only 2-3mins walk from Playa Catalunya (One of the main centres in Barcelona, from which you can catch the turist buses and service buses). Also within 5mins walking distance was the shopping area.I was also pleased with the room, it was very clean and modern. It also hade a double bed rather than the annoying 2 singles pushed together. The only possible complaint i would have with the room was that it was very warm and the Air Conditioning didnt seem to do much, altho we came to the conclusion that they may have had the heating on in the hotel as to the staff 20 degrees in December may be cold (judging by the amount of spaniads wearing thick coats). Not a major point but just bear in mind if going in Summer.The staff were very pleasant and helpful, whenever we asked them anything.So overall i would say that this hotel is well worth staying in, and definatley one i would stay in again.

The Best!!!! Monkey was cool

TA Scores Again Our family (two adults and two teen agers) were steered to this hotel by other TA reviews and, as usual, were not disappointed. The room was large; for New York, very large. The decor was stylish and attractive. The beds were very comfortable and luxurious. We had plenty of closet space, the bathroom was great and first class. Really a nice and comfortable space.The hotel staff was way beyond what I expect in terms of service. Unlike many, I find New Yorkers friendly and helpful as a lot, but the staff here was as helpful and attentive and fun as any I have ever experienced (and that is a large database). The common spaces were somewhat tight, but typical for Manhattan. The exercise room had everything I needed..good, but not the best. The location was good for us...just on the edge of the busiest part of Midtown east...a short walk to either MOMA, theaters or the delightful residential neighborhoods near the East River. If I had to pick on something, it would be that the kitchen was a little downscale from the rest of the room. Given that we received a free upgrade to a room with a kitchen, I can't complain. And it was fine, but just a little on the cheap side relative to the rest of the room and hotel.We paid about $300 per night in high season for the four of us...not too much by Manhattan standards. In short, unless you are going budget with price as the necessary and primary concern, this is a great hotel and a great value.

Super Value We paid less than $100US for a room in a luxury hotel in the center of DT Toronto. If you can get in on the less expensive rates at this hotel, snap it up, as it is an extraordinary bargain. The room we had was fairly large with a small view of the lake from the desk in the corner. Very tasteful decor-- think Restoration Hardware furnishings for those who are familiar...great kitchen facilities, too. The bed was a dream. Out the door and three steps is the King subway stop and everything DT is in walking distance.On the other hand, i agree with those who say the hotel is learning. I paid $5 a day for high-speed internet and unlimited calling in N America (I don't like getting nickeled and dimed at hotels, but this was a reasonable price for the package). The high-speed internet never worked. The very nice young man who came to fix it put a hole in the wall moving a heavy armoire to get at the connection. And that is when we discovered the thermostat that we couldn't find to turn down the air conditioning. The curtain out to the lake view was stuck and hard to move to and fro. I found the staff very attentive and enthusiastic, but there were a lot of little things that a more mature hotel would have worked out. All of this is small potatoes when you pay Comfort Inn prices for a beautiful luxury hotel.Drivers Note. Parking is $25 a day. If you are staying only a day or maybe two, or if you need access to your car while you stay, that is market rate for right around the hotel. If youare staying several days and plan to leave your car alone, and you don't mind hauling luggage a few blocks, you can get $13 a day or so for parking down on Front Street. Prentiss CoxMinneapolis-St Paul

Stylish and Pleasant The hotel is stylish both in its common areas and in the rooms. The lobby has different sections and levels that make it intimate, with comfortable and attractive furniture. The rooms are beautiful. The beds and desks are set in an unusual, pleasing style facing the window and balcony. The bed itself-- way comfortable. The setting of the hotel was less pleasing. It is off by itself between an elevated highway exit and a canal/river. This provides a nice river terrace, but set in an isolated concrete jungle that is hard to get out off. I am not familiar with Miami and so my complaint here may be more about this rather unappealing downtown than the hotel.

Great Value This may be the best value in the US for a hotel in the tourist center of a tourist city. The Chancellor has a 1920s feel. The rooms are nothing fancy and on the smaller side, but they have a lot of character. The bathroom, for instance, has a real high-sided tub with shower, not a modern shower. If you want luxurious and up to date, best go elsewhere.If you like an older feel and want value, this is the perfect hotel. I booked online and paid $89 (pretax) for my room-- not a special rate. The room had a partial view of Union Square. The wireless access was free-- I was on business and this was very useful. The hotel has an arrangement with a neighbor health club for free use. The staff was friendly and helpful. Everything was clean and well-kept. If I had paid $200 a night, I would have been satisfied. I was almost a little fearful of what I would get for the price, but wow...

Way Cool!! Went to SF for a raiders, steelers game. The hotel is very nice! We had a great view from our window of the bridges. I would stay again.

Comfortable hotel, but couldn't care less staff... I stayed 3 days in this hotel before heading home after nearly 3 weeks of solo travel in China. The hotel is very new and modern with most comfortable bed and I had a very enjoyable bufftet. I did not have any problem with taxi drivers as they all knew about Financial Street and InterContinental, which was one block from Westin.However, I did come across a few unacceptable responses from the hotel staff/service. I asked for direction to the nearest metro station, can you believe it ? no one knew, doorman, concierge plus one just shake their heads, may be Westin guests never use metro ! Eventually, I was pointed to a direction which would take me 20 min on foot, so I ended by taking a taxi to where I was going. The following day with a map, I strolled to the nearest metro station Fuchengmen in 5 min. This lack of basic local info from doorman and concierge is unbelievable.I am a Gold Starwood member and normally expect a newpaper in the morning. This did not happen on the first day, but even after reminding the guest services and they apologised for the oversight, it still wasn't delivered each morning, so I gave up.The hotel offered a shoe shine service. My shoes were returned in less than 5 min in the same state, is this Westin ? I have taken the trouble to write these comments on the guest feedback form. It has been over 10 days and I had no reply from the hotel management nor guest services, just like the paper !

Sadly, I have to report less pleasant experiences about this hotel We are frequent visitors to Hong Kong and are aware of this this hotel in an eye catching location of Kowloon. I booked a standard room there for 3 nights using my Priority Club points, and that maybe the reason of our treatment.I am a Platinum member normally treated at least cordially, but this hotel seems to treat reward stay guests as a act of charity. We where given the smallest room (according to the floor plan, only one such room exists on each floor) on the lowest floor more suitable for a single, with barely enough space to walk pass each other. I expected standard room for reward night means standard like anywhere else I stayed, but not here. We had to call for a tea tray as it was not provided in the room, a kettle was delivered with some sachels of 3 in 1 coffee. Since I do not take sugar and my wife does not take coffee, that was not much use. My wife called the next day to stock the tray with some tea, some tea bags were delivered but without milk...One would think such 5 star hotel can at least provide a well stock tea tray...makes you wonder was it incompetence, or deliberate policy to provide the bare minimum for reward night guests...The view from the hotel is excellent, but if you know Hong Kong, there are countless 5 star hotels with just as good view. Hotels need to provide more that just view/location to attract returning guests, I certainly will not.

We couldn't ask for anything more. My wife and I were just starting out on our holiday and were spending one night in Venice before embarking on a 15 day cruise around the Mediterranean and then north on the Atlantic to end up in Copenhagen.We were very tired upon arrival (after continuously flying from Vancouver to Calgary to Frankfurt and then on to Venice) and after a slow bus trip from the Venice airport on a hot day it was quite a relief to finally find this very attractive and comfortable little hotel. The reviews that I had read about this place were quite accurate.The Antiche Figure is a real gem and more than I had even expected. The room (311) that we stayed in was very classic with a lovely view out and down the Grand Canal. Everything is easily accessible. The breakfast was perfect! Everything we needed was there and it was super clean and very efficiently attended by a young female server.We know about the importance of packing lightly in Europe (particularly a city like Venice with all its bridges and canals) and pride ourselves on limiting our bags. Even with a pending cruise we were down to 2 bags so you can imagine our concern when only 1 of them accompanied our flight from Frankfurt! Some attention from the front desk to communicate with the airport ensured that our 2nd bag met us in our room onboard the ship the next afternoon! Also, some negotiations with a water taxi (by this same individual) got us a split fare to the cruise terminal with another couple heading that way.All in all, this excellent reception at the Antiche Figure got us off on the right foot to a very successful trip and I would recommend this hotel to anyone.

Would not return - Very Rough Around the Edges This is the place that you want to send someone you do not like to. They will be guaranteed not to enjoy their stay. They will also be guaranteed to hear the Bahia Principe theme song at least 4 times a day.We are both American, I am 28 and my girlfriend is 26. We both are very active and like to work out. We were there from June 30 - July 9. We have been at numerous all inclusives in the Carribean and this does not even come close to any of the others.Try to learn some Spanish before going because it will greatly assist in communicating with the staff. We know enough Spanish to get around, so that did help us.LET'S START WITH THE POSITIVES.+ + The beach and ocean were awesome. Get there early in the day to save a good spot.+ + The housekeeping service was also very good. We tipped our maid a buck or two a day and they made cool towel oragamies and got bubble baths ready for us as well as stocked our mini-bar with extra drinks if we left notes.+ + We did not need bugspray, in fact neither myself or my girlfriend got one bug bite the 10 days we were there.+ + The cocktail waitresses at the lobby bars provided good service as wellTHINGS THAT WERE SO-SO* * Needing reservations to do anything on the resort. You will need to make reservations to use any of the watersports that are free. We needed to make an ocean kayak reservation 2 days in advance. You will also need to book reservations to the theme restaurants. Save yourself a headache and do this the first day you get there. I highly recommend it because it is a nice change of pace from the buffets. Also, if you are Gold or Diamond club book your reservations through them instead of the general guest services. Be prepared to make booking your restaraunt reservations a procedure. The resort has about 1800 rooms and only 6 restaurants. * * The pools are off of the beach, but they are close to the beach and pool bars. The further you get from the beach, the hotter it is on the resort because the beach breeze does not make it past the palm trees on the beach. Also, they are very crowded and loud. They play their only CD that has about 3 songs everyday and the CD is on repeat; I kid you not.* * The gym is located in the spa. It is small, but servicable. It is open from 8AM to 8PM, so you can't get there early if you are an early riser. It has 5 stationary bikes, 2 treadmills, dumb-bells, and a peice or two of nautilous machines.NEGATIVES- - The service at the front desk. We needed to get our room changed because it was located next to a part of the resort that is under construction. This took half of a day to resolve this matter while they left us sit in the lobby. They lack motivation and don't really care about the guests because you can't really leave the resort once you are there. After we got our rooms switched, we had to carry our own bags to the new room. It doesn't sound like a big deal, but it is when you are carrying 2 fifty lb suitcases through 95 degree heat with humidity, no wind, and the sun beating down on you.- - The Buffets could be much better. The first two days we were there we thought the food was good. The problem with the buffets is that they serve the same dishes of food every day for every meal. I will say that the breakfast buffet was good. Also, the wait staff would take your plate even if you still had a few bites of food left; it was like they got a commission for every empty plate they took back to the kitchen. It is also very difficult to get a drink in the buffets, soda or alcoholic. The trick is to have one person stay at the table to order while the other gets their food.On about day 6 we both started to have stomach issues. It may have been from the theme restaurants or the buffets. We did not eat a peice of lettuce or any of the salads the whole time we were there to try to prevent it. Go armed with peptol and immodium. Remember when I mentioned about making reservations at the restaurants; that doesn't coincide very well with upset stomachs.Other guests. We were very surprised how few english speaking guests there were. The majority of the guests were either French or French Canadian. Along with the French language comes some visuals that you do not want to see. I am talking about topless sunbathers that have no self-awareness or decentcy. I know it is another culture, but some things just shouldn't be shown in public. It is like taking a gun into the airport, you just don't do it. Also, for all the ladies the fine men like to flaunt their speedos or even thong speedos. I think I have said enough, I still have some nightmares. There was also a large number of guests from South and Central America. Some of the lack of self awareness goes on to their children because they would releive themselves right on the beach or by the pool in full public view. Again; I kid you not.The Spa. We both got messages, which happened to be reasonably priced. The problem with the messages was that I came out of it sorer than when I went in. I really don't think they had any formal training. The Spa is also a long walk from most parts of the resort.

by Recently I booked my stay at this hotel in order to ensure better service. Staying there two w/ends in a row with my family, I was frustrated when they couldn't put us in adjoining rooms. We were hungry having gotten off the plane and after twenty minutes in one of the restaurants the server allowed as how, 'we're slammed. It'll probably be an hour before I get to you. We went up to our room to call room service which answered after twenty minutes. I agree about the breakfast and how expensive everything is, not worth it in my opinion.Next time I would look elsewhere.

Nice Hotel in Decent Location To start I booked my stay (over rememberance weekend) using points and I am Hilton Honors Diamond.Check in was quick and efficient. Our room was not ready but we were able to use the exec lounge while waiting. We did step out to have some lunch at a Thai restaurant across the street, Surchard (or similar to that name) but it was only average and slighty expensive. When we got to the room was pleasanty surprised with a very modern looking and although slightly small room but still very modern and well appointed. We did have lunch in the bar area one day and the service was good and price was not bad for a hotel. Evening drinks in the lounge was nice and although busy never too full and the liquor offerings were good. Lounge breakfast was basic but did have some eggs and bacon each morning so a few hot items.There are a few restaurants in the area, the two we dined at and liked quite a bit where http://www.dimt.co.uk/ and http://www.strada.co.uk/ which are located right behind the hotel and nice view of the tower bridge. There are also several nice looking restaurants and bars that are on the tower bridge road but we did not try any of those. Also, the HM Belfast is right behind the hotel as well and it was nice that we got to take the tour of the ship and it made it even better since it was rememberance weekend.For transportation to the hotel we just took the tube. It took about one hour but with the oyster card it was 3.50gbp to Heathrow on the way tot he hotel and only 2.00GBP on the way back since it was off peak. I am sure there may be quicker ways to the airport but the price was right! From the airport just take the piccadilly line to the jubilee line and transfer at green park. Pretty easy. Green park does not have escalators but has elevators if you have much luggage.In closing, definitely would like to stay at this hotel again.

Nice property with excellent service Me and my wife took an around the world trip for our two year anniversary which also served as the honeymoon we never took. We had a 3 night stay in Honolulu on the way back from Japan and elected to book the romance package on the hotels web site. I had stayed at this property before on a priceline stay and remembered it being a nice property. I have done a lot of business in Honolulu and have stayed at almost every hotel it seems and service is always spotty so I decided to go back to the Prince. The service was luckily as I remembered it which was excellent. Everyone from bell desk, valet, check in and restaurant are really friendly and eager to please. Best service of any property I have been to in Honolulu.The room we had in the package was an Ala Moana suite which is a 1 bedroom suite with 2 full bathrooms with a TV in the bedroom and living room area. There are spa style amenities in the bathroom. In the living room there is a dining table with 4 chairs, sofa, coffee table and some end tables. Nice except for the sofa which looked very dated and could go but other than that it is a large room and nice to have the extra space. Internet it also in the room at 10.95 from noon to noon (not 24 hours). Both rooms have somewhat dated furnishing but still nice and the carpet seemed relatively new and it is extremely well kept. The view gives a view of the ala moana park, the marina and a partial view of the ocean. I actually think I like this view over a full view as it adds some contrast. Our package included a $100 dining credit and free breakfast. The dining credit is good for about 1 meal for 2 people and although that lesser expensive meals are avaialable the Prince Court restaurant had great food and great service as well. The menu in the evening is limited to price fixe menu options and a buffet which range from about $35-55. I had one of the fixed menu options as I am not a big seafood lover and my wife had the buffet as she loves seafood and we both went away very satisfied and full. There was also a great wine selection. We also had breakfast each morning at the Prince Court and since breakfast was included I dont know the cost but it was good with a pretty good selection. I actually expected more asian breakfast options but there was a few items there. We did not eat at the Japanese restaurant while there. If you do not have breakfast in your room rate there is a Mcdonalds across the street if you want a cheape option than the hotel restaurant. I do believe ala carte is available for breakfast well but didnt look at the menu. There is a lounge area in the middle of the hotel but lacks any real character for me so other than a quick sandwich or quick drink with friends before heading out is about all I find it usefull for. I think a nice bar/lounge in the middle would serve the place better.I did not play on this trip but did play golf at the hotel course on previous trips and the rate is decent given the rate that out of state people normally pay and it is out in Ewa which is a bit away and tends to be drier but the course was nice and never crowded in the times I played. I always had a car but I think they have a shuttle that runs between the two. They also have a shuttle to waikiki so you really dont need a car if you dont want to deal with that, it runs about every 30 minutes so I would say it is convenient. The location of this property is right at the entrance of Waikiki and to me that is a plus. I really dont like staying in Waikiki as it is such a hassle to get in and out as your are going anyplace on the island but its location allows you to easily get to Waikiki when you need to go but also easy access to the rest of the island such as north shore or return the the airport. There are some good restaurants and bars nearby so you dont have to walk far if you dont want to go into Waikiki. Chart House is always on our list.I think the $199 rate I see at the property is borderline to what I would pay for this property but for a priceline bid it is a bargain for sure. Any discount from that rate in the future and I would definitely make this my regular property here. I just like the convenience and the service that much. I definitely recommend this property to anyone thinking of staying here in the future.

Great hotel in a great location This property is one of the better in Singapore I think. I like the location even though most people prefer to stay in the Orchard Rd. area if they are on a leisure trip this hotel has some excellent rates on the weekend and you get a top notch hotel. There is a mall next door to the hotel that has some excellent dining options if you dont want to eat at the hotel and there are some dining options in the street in back of the hotel as well. The workout equipment is a bit old but fine for a workout and the pool is large and seems never to be very busy. Service at the hotel is top notch.

Great location but a few complaints about the place The growing patch of water

Absolutely Loved it My fiancee' and I stayed there from June 24-29, and we also stayed at the Hilton Hawaiian Village 29 - July 4th. We wanted to split our trip so we could enjoy driving the island and exploring while staying at the Ilima and enjoying the beach and Hilton property during the latter part of our trip. In fact, I proposed to gf the first night we were there. I did the deed at La Mer so be sure to read my review. We absolutely loved the Ilima b/c its centrally located in Waikiki. We had a Superior room on the 14th floor overlooking the canal, golf course, and mountains. The room was big and clean. Yes, it was sparsely decorated but it was everything that we needed. I like the kitchen which afforded us to make breakfast and prepare two dinners. Oh yeah, let me not forget the free high speed intenet connection and free parking; we kept family and friends informed with the daily pictures and emails. We didn't have any problems with parking b/c we made sure that we made it back to the hotel by 5pm everyday. I really like the free stuff b/c you get nickeled and dimed at other properties in Waikiki. We would definitely stay there again.Even though the Ilima and the Hilton are in two different classes of hotels, they are both awesome in their own rights.

Place is still a Dump I've read some of the most recent reviews, and I can't truly understand why people give this place high praises. I live in the Marshall Islands and have to travel through Hono several times a year. This place is still a dump and nothing has changed. Yes it's close to the airport, but that's it. I only wish the Kwaj community would write reviews concerning this place b/c it wouldn't be pretty. It's so bad that even Priceline, who is normally liberal with their Star Ratings, downgraded it from a 2* to a 1* hotel; I wish TripAdvisor would do the same.Good luck if you choose to stay there.

Comfortable tour base We stayed for a week at this Marriott hotel on Axel Springer Strs. Located exactly on the former East/West border it is in a good location for seeing the city of Berlin. Just 5 minutes to the underground train, 20 minutes walk to the Museum island. There is a very reasonable Italian restaurant across the road.On Leipziger Strs nearby there is a supermarket, and Turkish donerkebab stands. The hotel was clean, comfortable, quiet, well-run, with a very good breakfast. I would recommend it.From: An Israeli visitor to Berlin.

Definately a great place to stay I organised a 1 nt pre-cruise stay at the Regina for a party of 10, we exchanged emails prior to our stay with details of the rooms we required and this was dealt with in a most professional manner. Upon arrival we were given a very warm welcome by the staff, check in was quick and easy and all our requests had been attended to, our rooms were ready, clean and met all our expectations. I would recommend this hotel without reservation as everything was 1st class, the location was perfect for sight seeing, Las Ramblas etc. Highly recommended and will definately stay again, all of our group felt the same.

Everything you need My girlfriend and I stayed at The Stratford for one night in May, a Thursday. Arriving into the Oakland airport late (11:30), we had no trouble finding the hotel and checking in. The staff was very helpful in directing us on where to 1) park, 2) get a late nite dinner, and 3) find a cool bar to have a nitecap. Parking was conveniently located a block away (Ofarrell Mason) in a public garage was predictably expensive ($26 for 18 hr). Once the car was parked we went to Cafe Mason, right near the parking garage. This was an excellent choice for a respectable delicious late nite meal. Afterwards, on the way back to the hotel we stopped in Johnny Foley's Irish House just around the corner for a few drinks and to take in some San Fran nite life. Highlight of the night: the transvestite lounge singer who takes requests at the pub.The room was admittedly small, but was clean had nice design to it. You could defineatly feel the vibe. Why do you need a big room, if your just going to sleep in it? The bathroom was clean and decorated sparingly with style. The elevator was slow at times, but it wasn't too much of a hassle to use the stairs as we were on the fourth floor. Breakfast was nice and light, granola, yogurt, muffins, tea, coffee, juice. The breakfast room overlooks Powell St. and the hustle bustle of the city. Hearing the cablecar go by every few minutes really made us anxious to get out and explore the city. Of note; as we were staying in the standard room, wi-fi was not included and was only available for a fee. Fortunately, there was a free hotspot at union square that could be accessed from the hotel (yes, that is how close it is to Union Square).The best thing about this place is the central location to EVERYTHING. BART, Muni Metro, the F Market Streetcar, cable cars, buses run constantly within a short distance of the Stratford. Before checking out that morning we walked around the neighborhood. Two blocks down Powell is Market St., where the cable cars turn around and a convenient place to buy your Muni pass. Low and behold, what store was right next door? A three story Forever 21, alas my girlfriend was in heaven........also nearby is a giant Macy's fronting Union square and numerous art galleries. While there are quite a bit of panhandlers around, they are not aggressive and shouldn't be feared. They can even be of help to lost or confused tourists.All in all, The Stratford was done right. Cheap rates ($90 in high season), nice accommodations, polite helpful staff, in an awesome neighborhood in the middle of everything. What more could you ask for? I will definitely stay at the Stratford next time I'm in San Fran.

Always good i have stayed at the luna and simone three times now. it is one of londons hidden gems. my frist visit was on holiday and have stayed twice since on buisness. my boss loves me because i stay here and not in a flash hotel costing mega bucks.it is small modest and above all excellent value for money.

Loved it lots My Wife I have a small high pressure business in perth after 3 years of no breaks decided for a 7 winter day break in Bali I choose the legion because of its location to Kuta and boutique statusIt did not let me down the rooms were definatley 5 star without the pretentious western 5 star feel the gardens were out of a designers magazine the service was terrific and the food sensational We could walk along the beach to Kuta takes a good 3/4 hour or 10 min to the great array of shops in seminyak That sexy waterfront Bar Restaurant Ku de ta just down the road is a added bonusChilli crab night was ab fab shame we were not at the Hotel for the BBQ Seafood Night on the Friday ( next time)The Day Spa was a lovely haven for my wife to chill outThe G.M introduced himself thanked us for coming made sure our stay was comfortable but he need not worry his loyal team looked after us like they had shares in the placeGreat job guys we will sing your praises from Perth W.ANote : Ideal place for couples you get what you pay for and we will be back next time i need to destress.

4 great star hotel with a relaxed 5 star service I have returned from a 2 week stay in Bali would like to let fellow travellers of my experience at this HotelI decided to take a dozen staff spouses to Bali for a business trip chill out session as we are also in Hospitality We selected the Hotel because of its proximity to the Convention centre while still in a typical balinese fishing village To my delight as Im a bit of a Hotel Snob it had the perfect mixof 3.5 4 star for the staff whom asked for something smart but traditional right thru to the deluxe Villa with its own pool on the beach that accommodated my family We had a private function put on for my staff as I had taken managers,chefs wait barstaff they all apprieciated the level of detail provided by the Hotel The Pizza s on the beach the cocktails certainly got a work out from my team they all left wanting to go back next yearIt was the best accomodation I have stayed in for a relaxed getaway atmosphere for many years the genuine smiles from all the staff that looked after all of us made a staff trip into a most memorable occasion Great service so to Phillipe his management team staff thanks to all at the Novotel Benoa

Loved my bay view room but.. Second stay at the FS Miami after my first stay one year ago. Obviosly the hotel is still the same , the bay view room is a beatiful room with a fantastic view and a good size. However I did find some small problems compared with the past stay of August 2005:1) In an hotel like the FS you're expecting the best and the tv system of the FS Miami is not up to the best standard now available. I was expecting a change to a Flat screen tv..2) The hotel staff has changed and some of them ( especially at the reception ) are not very polite. I found a much more warm welcome the past time3) The Aqua restaurant has changed menu and type of cuisine , not more Italian but much more american. The chief is new and he's from Thailand.. For me an horrible change , the Italian menu was much much better.. And the service is very slow, the same for breakfast , lunch or dinner..3) The pool area is fantastic but the service is not of the same level.Valet parking is good but I'd like better the valet at the RC.. Second stay and probably the last one.. Next time I will try a different hotel in Miami , probably the Mandarin Oriental.

Peninsula Tokyo , not the perfect one ! Just back from a four days stay at the Peninsula Hotel in Tokyo and I have mixed feelings about my local stay. Check in was quick but my deluxe room was not ready and this was not so good after a very long trip from Europe. After an 30 minutes wait it was finally ready... I was at the 9th floor despite I was asking for an high floor room. The room is really nice and in my opinion compared with the Peninsula Hotel in Beverly Hills and New York is by far better. A lot of details have been created to garantee an high level of satisfaction and pleasure. So the room, the living area , the bathroom are really great except of the view , really no special.. Did try several times the restaurant at the hotel entrance and I still do not understand the decision of the Peninsula people do not create a different place for breakfast as well lunch or dinner.. So in my opinion a very negative choice. The breakfast menu was nothing special and if you compare it with the the breakfast in New Tork it seems to stay in two different world. The continental breakfast is made with one croissant , one pc of bread and one muffin, plus coffe and juice. Of course they are pleased to bring you some more bread or croissant but the first feeling for a basket almost empty is horrible. I had a very nice experience at Spa , one the best recently ; a very nice pool area as well a fantastic massage and very professional people.. The location of the hotel is simply great and the area is full of fantastic shops , restaurant and very nice to simply walking the street from the back entrance of the hotel.As a great fans of the Peninsula chain I have been not completely satisfied with my last stay.. The service is great , full of people smiling but they night before of my departure no sign of any turndown service in my room .. so another mistake.Tokyo is full of great hotels and I'm not sure If i will select again Peninsula for my next stay..

Four Seasons San Francisco... too many problems Honestly I had great expectation for the Four Season San Francisco and my stay has been not very satisfactory. Booked a typical FS Deluxe Room with a nice wiew. Small TV with no Plasma , no w-lan service in the rooms , bathroom nice but not more than this... Had several problems with the Management , very noisy room , service not similar to other FS hotels. So sorry to say but the RItz Carlton in San Francisco is a better hotel and next time I will stay at the Ritz..

Mandarin New York , A Great Experience Just few words to say and rate our great experience at the Mandarin Oriental New York. Have been there for a couple of nights at the end of July 2008. Booked a simply superior room with a main Hudson view. The room was not huge but very nice with a lot of useful tech advantages and features. The bed was very comfortable despite of some really soft pillows. Bathroom perfect in size and very nice. Service absolutely fantastic, very nice view also if it not was not a Central Park room view. Enjoy a wonderful breakast ( also if is the service it was a little bit too slow ) at the Asiate Resturant. Unfortunately did not use the Spa or other services. So , one if the not the best hotel in New York right now , also if it was expensive. I really like new and High Tech hotel and this Mandarin it was in my opinion a true perfect layout . Additional to this , check in and check out were perfect and very quick , as well room service . Bravo Mandarin !

Good average Reasonable size rooms, medium standard, OK as a good base for a few days explorationStaff efficient and friendly, although we did witness one incident where they were rather short and curt with two typically loud and crass americans who seemed to think all foreign countries should adapt to american 'standards' and speak English, and appeared totally unaware of the offense they caused as they trampled over centuries of culture and tradition. The reaction of the staff was totally justified and may explain similar incidents of rudeness listed in these reviews

Old and Interesting Stayed 2 nights as part of a tour. An old hotel (around 1910) but very well re-furbished in recent years. The original architect must have had a sense of humour, or crumpled drawing paper, as the internal corridors to rooms go up/down/around and provide quite a combination of possible routes, but this adds to the charm of the place compared with the many modern hotels based on repetitive designs of austere grey blocks lacking character or interestThe rooms also have character but probably wouldn't appeal to the more fastidious, sanitised travellers who fear stepping out of their plastic wrapped cocoons into Europe and cringe at the thought of a cracked tile or the possibility of a few germsThe rooftop restaurant has stunning views of the many centuries of Florence's architecture and provides an excellent buffet breakfast and good evening meals.Location is also excellent - easy walking to all the main sites and within 5 minutes by a subway from the railway stationThe hotel is popular with people from many countries, particularly America - which tends to up the noise level and give surreal sights such as discovering an American in full Stetson and Cowboy Boots (I assume this was his rather unfortunate take on dressing to blend in with the local population ?) in the reception area. But such misfits lacking any understanding the country they are visiting all add to the amusement for the locals.On the downside, the porters apparently lack a job description which says they should actually move luggage - they refused to carry bags to our coach (a mere 30 yards away)- and insisted it moved closer to the hotel, thus causing even more disruption to the local traffic, but other staff were well trained and efficient.

Ignore the bad reviews; it was fantastic!!!!!! The rooms

Great Berlin Hotel I recently stayed at this hotel for 5 nights.This hotel is great value for Berlin. The rooms were modern, clean and good sized for an European 3 star hotel. As a single, they will always give you a twin or double. Unlike many European hotels of the same class which will often give you a tiny room with just a single bed.The hotel is centrally located. The bed was comforatble. Continental breakffast was included in the hotel price. Free and reliable high speed internet available in everyroom. The reverse cycle air-con was reliable and kept me warm. I would recommend this hotel to others coming to Berlin. Its one of the best 3 star hotels I have ever stayed in. One major down side is there is no room service or restaurant serving lunch/ dinner at the hotel. However, there is a great little italian place opposite the hotel. Good menu, yummy food and extremely well priced. There is also an ALDI supermarket and parmacy 100metres away where you are equip yourself.There is also no in room iron, had to ask for it and it came within 5 mins so it was not a problem. Im also not a fan of the body soap and shampoo, 2 in 1 provided through a dispenser in the bath room. They should provide real toiletries. Overall, it was a nice hotel to stay in and extremely good value for money.

One of the BEST!!! I spend over 3 months of the year in hotels and this is one of the best I have ever stayed in. We checked in at 10pm were upgraded to a Club room. The oceanview club room was amazing with a large balcony, 2 bathrooms both with showers and a seperate lounge area.The Ritz property is amazing. 3 pools and a private beach. I particularly liked the salt water pool on the cliff. The pool side service was fantastic. You must try and watermelon juice that is served in a full sized watermelon.The service was excellent and staff were extremely well trained. There is so much attention to detail at this hotel and was beyond my expectations. Firstly, at the pool, I was provided with a selection of ipods, each ipod has a different music genre. Secondly after walking up the nasty stairs from the cliff pool, we were provided with cold scented towels to cool off. I did not eat at any of the restaurants but we had (2 of us) room service twice and pool side lunch and the total was approx US$100 which I thought was very reasonably priced. All the food we ate at the Ritz were really tasty. The Nasi Goreng was the best I have ever tasted. The hotel is popular with asian luxury tourist and NOT groups. I spoke to one of the people at the hotel. It is approx 35% Japanese, 15% Koreans, 15% Russians, 10% Taiwanese, 10% Hong Kong, 15% mixed Australia/ French/ German/ Singapore. You will find that most of the staff speaks Japanese. I was told none are groups except for the Taiwanese.Being a popular destination for non sun bathing asian tourist is quite an advantage as it leaves plenty of deck chairs available for sunbathers. The diversity of different nationality also means breakfast was a smogasbord of western, japanese, chinese, scandinavian breakfast available. Yummy!There were 2 locations for breakfast. One was the buffet and the other was a-la-cart. I personally prefered the a-la-cart next to the pool.On the downside, i did notice the thin walls. I could hear next door's tv and some coughing from my lounge room. I also thought the private beach was overrated and the internet was disgustingly expensive US$7 for 30mins.Overall, I thought this hotel is well maintained, well runned and its people are well trained!!!

Nice Hotel But Not Amazing I visited the Alila Ubud and had a nice stay. The hotel felt eco and organic.I had high expections on the Alila as previous reviews boast about its scenery and its mangnificant pool. However, the hotel did not give me the 'WOW' factor. In summary:The rooms are on the small side. The view wasn't really that amazing. The pool was nice but I was expecting it to be hanging on the edge of the cliff but this was not the case. I personally would not rate it as the top 10 pools in my world.The food at the restaurant was good but it was a little pricey. They boast all ingredients are organic. They can deliver breakfast to your room and you can eat it on your balcony. Highly recommend this.On the last night, we left some chocolate out next to our bed and in the morning, it was swamped with ants. We didnt care as we were checking out that morning. There were plenty of pool deck chairs for everyone during my stay. The turndown service every night was one of the best with different surprises everynight.I recommend you having your own driver as the property is a 15min drive from the town centre. (which i liked)The SPA was professional and staff were well trained.Though the hotel did not deliver the WOW factor I was expecting. Overall, I had a nice stay at the hotel and I would recommend others to the hotel.

Great Location but in need of renovations You couldn't be more central than this hotel. Right in the middle of the action. The lobby looks nice, but the rooms are a little small especially the bathroom. It looks like there has been attempts to upgrade the room furniture but I really think all the rooms need to be completely renovated. The rooms were clean with nice bed linnen. Only 2 bath towels were provided and there was no in-room safe. Internet was free. This is not your Grand Hyatt and certainly felt like a business hotel. The hotel service was ok. The reception did not greet or speak until she was telling me what my room number was at check-in. The view from the breakfast view was amazing. The quality and variety at breadkfast was average. You have to ask to get your bread toasted. The hotel has an overnight bag courier service and can send your bags to Narita- very handy if you have large suitcases and pick them up at the airport.

Excellent Hotel!!! This is a well run, well maintained hotel. The rooms are clean and spacious. The lagoon view rooms have a glass partition between the spa and bedroom (you can see into the shower/ spa from the bedroom) and loved it!!!!The hotel hosts the best buffet breakfast I have ever experienced in the world. It was tasty, fresh and presentation was good. We also tried several restaurants including room service and they were all exellent in terms of food quality and service.The pools at the hotel were great. There are so many of them!!!One negative about this resort would be that they do not have enough deck chairs for everyone and alot of people would put their towel out at breakfast time to reserve their seats. The situation is a particular problem with the half a dozenof bales available. There is a hotel sign advising guests against this selfish act but is often ignored by guests. Overall, it was a great experience and I would highly recommend this hotel.

Amazing Time At The Bambu!!! Beach

Good location - reasonable rates my room

Would be happy to return. Sofitel Amsterdam

Excellent hotel and staff TV and fridge unit

Great Feel Arrived in Bali on August 3rd and departed August 17th with my family of 6, we tried out 4 hotels around the Island The Oberoi, the Conrad , the Four Seasons Sayan and the Ritz Carlton each has its pluses and minuses. The Oberoi met with our unanimous approval, quiet ,great location,traditional Balinese lanai and villas ,great staff, interesting food particularly with the indian influence of Oberoi.DVD hire for the kids,Tennis Gym and Beach all in good order.Clientel kept themselves to themselves( As we like it!) mostly European with a few ex pats.Hawkers on the Beach seemed oddly away from the property, it was almost like they knew to keep the guests to themselves if you wanted to buy the kites, watches or sarongs then a 2 minute walk along the beach got you mobbed!They arranged car hire for us with a local company called Jalan Jalan, good rates and people carrier- Watch out for the motor bikes!The Conrad was very new , very large and when we were there full of Japanese, The Four Seasons was cracking, great villas and secluded location and would be my choice for service but not great for kids as you can go all day with not seeing anybody other than room service and house keeping, when we were there they could not get us connecting villas.The Ritz Carlton is a very large Japanese dominated hotel set up for weddings etc, we had the 3 bedroom villa , great views from the cliffs, great sunsets the kids loved the slides- Food was only OK and what was annoying was that the view from the 'top villa' was interupted one evening by a wedding dinner on the lawns and the second night by a intimate dinner for two in a lanai on the cliffs, what they made of my 4 kids watching from our pool god only knows!Bali is a gem, recovering from the bomb and very friendlyDo go there

Great Staff Pool area

Really enjoyed the Swissotel Stayed at the Swissotel on business in a Premier Corner Room. I had stayed here in the past but stopped because of service issues and the smoking that used to be permitted in the lobby bar many moons ago.But I'm glad I tried again because this hotel is in an unbeatable location for both business and holidays, right in the middle of the city. The room was fantastic in that it was large, very airy and bright, well appointed and quiet. The bathroom is also a joy for those who like a spotless space with room to move about.I also found the service excellent. I typically dont like hotels that only offer a doona for bedding and dont provide a top and bottom sheet. But luckily for me they did offer alternatives and surprisingly it didnt take housekeeping long to realise I didnt use the bed as they made it and they quickly changed the way the bed was made up to suit me, without me having to ask. Quite impressive.Overall this hotel is a great option for people who enjoy a sense of space, comfort and high quality and really want to be in the centre of things. I think I have found my new base in Sydney.

Everything I hoped This place is in a great location, literally over the road from Pike Market and about a 5 minute walk to the centre of the city. We originally werent sure whether to stay in the city, but given the Inn turned out to be so close to the city and that the Pike Markets are so colorful, it was a great choice.We didnt feel unsafe at any stage and in fact the mafority of the stranger types appeared to mainly reside in the city itself.There are plenty of places to eat very close by, from quick snacks to nice restaurants, so again location was excellent. We had breakfast at a small French patiserie about 2 minutes away that served great coffee and fantastic pasteries at a reasonable price.We were also impressed with the hotel. Although it doesnt look much from the outside, its been decorated modern but refined and the room was great. We tend to try and get a room with a view and in this case stayed in a Parlour Suite. While expensive, the room didnt let us down with both the view and quality. We were very happy and comfortable.Didnt try the hotels restaurants, but they always seemed to show up on the best in Seattle lists.So overall we couldnt have been happier at the Inn at the Market and would recommend it to anyone.

Very happy Almost didnt stay here because of the inconsistent reports on the hotel, but was glad we did. Contrary to some travellers we really liked the upgrade done on the hotel and found it to be modern, fresh, light and very attractive. Its also in a great location if you particularly want to stay at Fishermans Wharf, with the cable car right by behind the hotel. Stayed in a Deluxe Room which we would recommend because of the extra space, the fact its on the top floor and therefore quiet, plus the reasonably good views from the room. There is no doubt that its a little expensive and the parking fees are a rip off, but everywhere of similar quality had similar costs. So we were really very happy with our selection, very comfortable tstaying here and would definately stay again.

Everyone keen to please We spent 3 nights at the Crowne Plaza Berlin whilst visiting the Christmas Markets and other sites. It is very handily placed for the main transport infrastructure near Zoo station and especially the excellent No 100 and 200 buses. Buy a Welcome card for 15 euros ( 48 hours) and you will easily recoup your expenses on travel and some other amenities. Everyone at the hotel was very keen to please and the service was outstandingly good. We could not fault the hotel room, reception and cleaning staff, breakfast facilities etc in any way - everything was first class. It was a pleasure to stay at the Crowne Plaza and we would thoroughly recommend it. The taxi from Tegel airport to the hotel ( and return ) was 15 euros - very reasonable. It took about 20 minutes. We would recommend a city bus tour at 15 euros each for a 2 hour bus journey round the main sites - hop on and off all afternoon. We got on at Brandenburg Gate and returned there, although there are 15 stops altogether. Another bonus for us was the self service restaurant on the 5th floor of the Galerie department store in Alexander Platz. Superb choice of food, help yourself and very good value. They have a great children's area ( Stieff teddy bears etc) on the 3rd floor.

Worth another visit Stayed here for 3 nights and was impressed by the helpfulness of staff, the large pleasant room and high standards of cleanliness. Breakfast was more than adequate and not too crowded while Dinner was good on the 2 nights we ate in the restaurant. The service could have been better and the menu was a little uninspiring for Paris. The hotel is well placed for travel into the centre of Paris (best Metro is Pasteur) and there are several restaurants nearby. The best that we found was the Pot au Feu in Rue Pasteur, 300 yards away. A taxi back to Charles de Gaulle airport was 62 euros although this is better than travel via metro and RER, with luggage. All in all, a very pleasant hotel with a good rate of 98 euros per night, inc breakfast but no cancellation.

Quiet but central location Recently stayed with my wife and two boys over the holidays. Hotel is in excellent location. Quiet near the museums, but very central to everything. Hotel staff is very friendly. Breakfast is very good. For English speakers Amsterdam is a great place. Nearly everyone is fluent in English. Recommend the Quinto restaurant near the hotel.

Fantastic Location Fantastic location directly across from the Pantheon, and a few steps from the Jardin Du Luxembourg. Note Dame is a ten minute walk, 15 to the Right Bank. Staff is very friendly and all speak excellent English. Rooms were larger than expected and nicely decorated. Bathrooms were quite spacious with our a very large tub in our bathroom. We had a superior room and our two boys had a twin room. Splurge for the superior room, larger room and with a better bathroom (tub ). Best dessert I've had at Mouff Tartes on Rue Mouffetard. Organic bakery near there was excellent.

Great location and exceptional room Stayed at the Argonaut over the Memorial Day weekend with my wife and two young boys. Can't ask for a better location with lots of attractions and public transportation nearby. The room was large with a very comfortable bed. I filled out a survey, raised a minor point, and the manager personally replied. The hotel staff was very attentive. We had dinner and breakfast at the restaurant, the blue mermaid, and the food was excellent. A limited menu but well prepared food. I thought the price of $229 for a double queen deluxe room with a nice courtyard and transamerica building view was a great value. Clearly the best hotel in the area.

Perfect Resort My family of four (two boys ages 10 7) stayed at the Kahala over the 4th of July holiday. The service is the best we have ever had anywhere. The property is beautiful and situated on its own quiet beach between Diamond Head and Koko Head. The hotel upgraded us to an ocean room without us asking. The room was large with a spacious bathroom. The bed was sagging and the hotel immediately switched the mattress. The staff is very pleasant and efficient. We used the convenient hotel shuttle and transferred to city buses, The Bus. The Bus is a great system and easy to use. Highly recommend restaurants Town, Spices, and Champa Thai.

Beautiful Time We just got back from a 4 day stay at the Rio Mar and I have to say that it was a beautifu and wonderful resort. The staff were very helpful and friendly answering and helping when asked. The only thing I could criticize is the charge you have to pay per day for self parking and the price they charge for food and mixed drinks. We did rent a car so we cut cost by both eating and drinking outside the resort every evening. We followed fellow advisor advice on that. The best restaurant by far we thought was Riche's just above the resort. Every thing we had along with the service was excellent. We traveled everyday to see the different towns and to El Yunque. Was not impressed with Yunque but it was crowded and we did not try to fight the tour crowds. Old San Juan was nice but not my cup of tea. We played at several of the local casino's along with the one at the resort and all were small but lots of fun and we did win...........................The beach at the resort was very nice even thought the water was pretty cool. Lots of room to walk or lounge.Overall this was one of the nicer Wyndham resorts that we have stayed and would reccommend.

Great hotel My wife and I stayed 4 nights at the Jury's, everything was great. The service was exceptional (especially Heather the concierge, who advised us on the best places to go to). We had room 738 a corner room over looking the street, the room was very large for a city centre hotel. The room was very clean and the bed was one of the most comfortable that we have ever slept in.I would recommend this hotel to everyone wanting to visit Boston.If you get a chance go to Grill 23 across the road from the hotel, best steaks you will ever have.

Good Value and Location Bathroom

a very GRAND hotel indeed ! Handed over to Grand Pacific 4 months ago by Le Meridien.I can't recall a Hotel anywhere where there were so many eager young staff members in the lobby at all times ready to help you with anything at all, always with poise, politeness and a smile. Check in/ out and concierge were very good. The latter even sent a new Kabuki brochure under my door as soon as she got details about show times !Grand and very spacious....public areas and the room too. Was upgraded twice to a luxury room having booked a terrific rate I caught on Travelzoo. The decor is very classic....lots of cut crystal sconces, chandelier in the room (!). The door separating a roomy foyer/ makeup table closet and bathroom from the rest of the room gives extra sound insulation ...not that that mattered. Very roomy bath with separate shower, lots of counter space and a Toto washlet toilet seat! Tons of bathroom amenities, I still haven't figured some of them out ! Comfy beds and pillow, good blackout drapes. The hot water dispenser in the room was nice for making coffee and tea.Free Internet in the business center but no wireless (found virtually no wireless in Tokyo to my surprise).The Monorail to Odaiba Island is about $3 US per person/ trip but the Hotel runs a shuttle ever hour on the 1/2 hour starting at 930AM to the sister hotel in Shingawa, The Grand Pacific, where you can catch the rail line that makes a big loop around Tokyo. It seems anywhere you stay in Tokyo you have to commute to sightsee since things are spread out. I found Hotel restaurant's breakfast and menu very pricey but we did have the buffet one night at Le Bouquet but the quantity/ quality was excellent for the $39 per person (no extra tax/tip).There's a 24 hour convenience store just outside the hotel and plenty of mall type restaurants at Aqua City or Venus Fort.Note the last Airport Limousine bus from Narita to Odaiba is around 630 PM. We got in later than that so you wind up taking the bus to Shingawa at $28 each and then hoping a cab for another $35. Ouch !

Just terrific ! My 5 night stay must have coincided with the traveller from Boston; their very comprehensive review says it all! I would agree completely and would add....The service in the Alexandra restaurant warrants huge praise. Someone has Ritz-Carlton training and has brought it to Guanica. Politeness, attentiveness and an unintrusive well-paced and leisurely efficiency were on tap nightly no matter how busy. The prices are steep but the all-inclusive (especially from Expedia) was a remarkable bargain (and includes room tax and resort fee to boot). The breakfast and lunch staff were also terrific.The front desk staff was also cooly professional and responsive to every request. A noisey A/C was replaced within an hour with a new and quiet unit !!!A deep tissue massage at the spa was satisfying. The small facility looks carefully planned but I was surprised there was no spontaneous invitation to partake of the steam room and outdoor shower, which I was offered once I inquired. The small gym is nicely equiped and has a 42 Panasonic plasma TV (though I don't think anything was transmitted in HDTV).Having been unimpressed by tepid hot tubs elsewhere the high temperature of the two on the grounds of this facility was wonderfully relaxing.While satellite trouble prevented the use the first night, the free WiFi was pretty fast once up and running.My only minor quibble....the door to the adjoinging room is not much of a sound barrier. It was easy to hear conversation, snorring and their TV. A couple of small towels stuffed the door under helped a bit, and the A/C drowned out the rest.And being an avid TripAdvisor user I must point out that few establishments seem to read and respond to comments. Copamarina apparently does. They care and it shows. Bravo!

Cl;ose To Perfection ! Why is it so rare to leave a hotel feeling as satisfied as I was with MOMi? From arrival to departure the staff seems to want only to be sure you are having a perfect stay. Their apparantly liberal policy regarding upgrades and late check out won me over. Isolated (which is exactly what I wanted) on Brickell Key your dining options are limited to the Hotel but breakfasts and dinner at Cafe Sambal were excellent. The AM buffet with coffee and juice for $20 is well worth it. Dinner (did the tasting menu with paired wines) at Azul for a birthday was excellent: entertaining and delicious (am a fish lover but the veal roullade is out of this world) with flawless service and an engaging, informative sommelier who knew exactly when not to intrude!They do not have a resort fee , a policy I detest, and use of the gym and the lockers/ showers/ sauna and steam are free to guests as it should be. A Deep Tissue Massage was done right though the very comfortable high tech mechanised massage table was amusing.My only gripe would be the steepness of that valet parking fee but didn't bother with a rental car til the night before leaving.Note breakfasts/ lunch and poolside barservice incur a standard 18 % tip but I found service almost flawless and (be aware) many Miami establishments routinely do this as many foreigners are used to service compris.Will return.......a worthwhile indulgence!

Great location Room 402

Highly recommended Really cannot fault this hotel. Stayed three nights in a deluxe room with two huge beds. Room spotlessly clean. Breakfast was included in the rate and offered a great choice. The real honeycomb was a bonus!We took advantage of the Anne Frank House tickets which are valid in the evenings after 5pm - no queuing at all, and recommended.The staff were unbelieveably friendly - and seemed genuine too. We will certainly be staying there again.

Canalside taste and quality This hotel is a high quality experience and offers something different to a larger, more corporate style of hotel. It is sited on what is usually described, with justification, as the prettiest canal in Amsterdam. The tour boats actually stop at the end of it to give passengers the chance to take photos. It is close to everywhere you are likely to want to visit, and yet we found it to be very quiet. The only use we made of public transport in a 5 day stay was the tram to and from the station at the beginning and end.It is a canalside house. We had a beautiful canal view room on the 2nd floor. It is bright, having 3 largish windows,and has lots of mirrors. The room is as tastefully furnished as any I have ever had. We had a nice Sheraton style table and 2 genuine Louis XV fauteuils - armchairs. The receipt of purchase from the dealers at 4000 euros was in a drawer. There is also lovely art work in the rooms and other areas. As mentioned elsewhere a good continental style breakfast is brought to your room at a time you choose - they ring you 10 minutes before to check that you are ready.The bed was very comfortable - in fact on our first night we overslept, having slept through for 9 hours (something we have not done for years!).I think this place would suit people who put tasteful ambience above someof the things you take for granted in larger hotels. There is no bar or even useable lounge. no sauna etc. Nevertheless there is all that you will need, and everything is cared for and clean.We never saw (or even really heard) other guests. The narrow steep stairs would make it difficult for elderly or infirm visitors, and I would be worried about having children in the upper rooms, as great care is needed near to the windows - the sills are at about knee height.Our room was superb. We also peeked in other rooms and the style and quality was obvious in all of them. Of course being a house there will be rooms , eg at lower ground level that could not offer the superb outlook that we had.We have visited Amsterdam before and this will now be our preferred option when next we want to go there.We had great meals very close by - including Indonesian at Tempo Doeloe, and a very good French style bistro on Prinsengracht - Le Zinc et les Autres (or Zinc et Les Dames). Also very close are Rembrandtsplein and the Muziektheater, and the famous bridges of Magere Brug and Blauwe Brug.In short a wonderful stay in a lovely house with hosts whose anxiety to please was evident.

A-M-A-Z-I-N-G! Would definitely go back! The view from our hotel balcony.

Great I realise this review is a little late but after reading some of the other comments made here I thought I should add my own. My girlfriend and I stayed at this hotel in September 2007 and encountered nothing but exceptional service and standards. We arrived slightly earlier than check-in but the man at the desk allowed us to use the luggage store for us to store our bags while we had our first explore of the city. After check-in we paid the 20e deposit for the television remote (which we were quite happy to pay, you DO get it back after all unless you do something stupid with it) and went to check out our room which we found perfectly sized with a good sized bathroom.In the morning of our second day the extremely friendly man on the desk (a different one) filled us in on the best way to see the city and sold us a two day pass for the tourist bus (fun bus) which was possibly our best purchase of the trip with stops all over the city and very frequent services.All in all, I would highly reccommend this hotel for it is cheap, clean and the staff are nothing short of excellent.

Very Enjoyable Stay The lodgings were very clean, all the staff very cordial. Six flamingos and one rooster wander the grounds adding personality. Beach, Landscaping Pool are all very convenient. Beautiful grounds. The best bet is to forget the side trips and just enjoy the beach. No vendors bother you on the beach, and are only in selected area.

Nice hotel, but the furniture needs to be replaced I had stayed at this hotel once before, about two years ago, and was very impressed at that time. I was planning another trip to Seattle and was able to get a great rate through AAA, and saw no reason not to return. On looking at the first room, we realized that all the furniture was filthy. There were strange stains on the ottoman, and the couch. We asked to be changed to a new room, which they did immediately. The new room was only slightly better. I'm not saying the room was dirty, because it was not. The furniture clearly needed to be replaced though. I put this on the comment card and we were emailed after returning home with an apology from the manager and an assurance that the rooms would be taken out of service and the problem remedied immediately. I would still stay there again, the breakfast, wine tastings and complimentary bike rental more than made up for the shortcomings.

Great location! The start of a 10 day break in Florida and we really couldn't have booked a better starting point. Reception staff were friendly and speeded us through so that we were in our room within 10 minutes - great view straight across Bayside Marketplace and Bayfront Park.Room was clean and considering the location much larger than we were expecting - one king bed with the remaining space taken up by sofa, table, chairs etc where another king bed could have gone!Restaurant is OK... dinner menu is quite limited and one or two strange combinations but the food was good (we really didn't fancy venturing out on the first night after a 9 hour flight). Breakfast is typical Holiday Inn, either served as a buffet (weekends I think) and regular HI breakfast menu the rest of the time.All in all an enjoyable place to stay in downtown ideally placed for shopping and people watching at Bayside - and don't forget the boat tours of Millionaire's Row available directly opposite. The Hotel is also only minutes from the cruise terminals of the Port of Miami, and around 20 minutes from the airport (plenty of roadworks and building going on while we were there), and just a short distance to the new Carnival Center for Performing Arts.

Nice little hotel i the heart of town My wife collects owls and when we planned a three day trip to Amsterdam, it was natural that the Owl Hotel caught our eye. While that was interesting enough, it was the reviews on TripAdvisor that decided for us. We were not disappointed.It is in an excellent location, on a quiet street in the center of town, hardly a ten to fifteen minute stroll from the major museums and the entertainment and eating places of the Leidseplein.You can get there easily by tram from the Central Station, if you don't mind a ten minute walk with your baggage. For about fifteen euros a taxi will drop you of at the door.The complimentary breakfast, is a small but nice spread, served in a room overlooking a little garden, where it would be great to sit when the weather allows us to.Its a small hotel but neat and clean with all the basic facilities.The staff were very friendly and helpful.The safe in the room is at ground level inside the wardrobe. Lying flat on my stomach I couldn't read the instructions. Fortunately, they have a lockers at reception where you can keep your stuff.While you cant make coffee or tea in the room, the drinks at the bar are reasonably priced.If you carried a lap top, wifi costs three euros for an hour, (compared to six euros for half an hour at the place we stayed at Antwerp). If you use the hotel's computer, internet is complimentary.We really enjoyed our stay at the Owl Hotel and while leaving my wife was happy to give them an owl to add to their small collection !!

Very Good Hotel But Not For Families I was at the Sheraton Waikiki solo for a week-long conference after Thanksgiving. If I were rating it simply as a business hotel, I'd give it four stars, but as a family hotel, I'd give it only three stars. When I come back to Waikiki with the family, I'll likely look elsewhere. The hotel is upscale and expensive, the service as friendly as you'd expect in Hawaii, and adult and business amenities very good. But there seems to be no place even to take a family to eat on the property. The restaurant on the 30th floor is very upscale, and even the restaurant that is oceanside only offered a thirty dollar buffet at 5 PM on a Tuesday. If you stay here, you probably have to take the kids to a food court that is across the street from the Sheraton or a MacDonalds a block away. The pools seemed smallish and not much else for the kids unless you enroll them in a daytime program. The four largest hotels on Waikiki are the Hilton Village, the Marriott Beachfront Resort, the Hyatt resort, and the Sheraton Waikiki. Each has 1200 to 3000 rooms. The Hilton, Hyatt,, and Sheraton all indicate they offer daytime children's programs, but I'd be tempted to bring the family to the Marriott because of its location. It is on the south (Diamond Head) end of Waikiki, only a block from the Honolulu Zoo, and near a major park, and the Aquarium. It is also a block from the local Catholic Church if you are inclined to go to Sunday Mass. The Hyatt is a few blocks further away from these, while the Sheraton is about a 15 minute walk, anfd the Hilton Village is way on the other side of Waikiki. By the way, while there are no bargains on Waikiki, the Sheraton and Hyatt seem to run more expensive than the Marriott and Hilton Village. The Sheraton draws many conventions and conferences while the Hilton draws many tour groups. Of course, there are many smaller properties at Waikiki which are additional alternatives. Note the Sheraton is next to the historic Royal Hawaian Hotel which it owns. It is worth walking over to the pink-colored Royal Hawaian if only to take a look. In short, the Sheraton seems like a great place to go for a business conference, but not particularly suited for a family stay.

Would Definitely Return With the Kids Some resorts are great for adults and others great for kids, but this resort seems to do a good job of pleasing both. I came to it solo for a business conference but would definitely come back to it if I return to Phoenix with the family. Most of the hotel rooms are clustered in the front of the sprawling property at its North Pointe and South Pointe. The rooms in each pointe surround a courtyard with a small swimming pool. The conference rooms are between the two pointes but the hotel desk in the South Pointe. I was in a nice suite in the North Pointe that would comfortably handle a family of four. There was a living room with a pull-out couch, desk and widescreen for TV/Internet, a bathroom and walkway in the middle, and a bedroom next to a balcony on the other side. In the back of the property are a four-acre mini-waterpark to the north which is exceptional, a kid's daycamp Casitas suites in the middle, and a spa which includes a lap pool to the south. The casitas seem to be two story town house-type suites. The restaurant which is off the front parking lot was not real fancy but good food for a hotel and fine for a family. Note that the waterpark has its own restauant, ice cream shop, etc. The property has lighted tennis courts but if you want to golf, you have to go four miles away to the sister Hilton property. That other Hilton property also has a fine upscale restaurant (A Different Point of View) which is highly recommended for adults but not really for kids). The staff was nice and my stay very pleasant. I'll probably be back with the family in the future.

Worth a try My wife and I stayed at the Hotel Maxim recently. Its definitely worth checking out as for the price it does give value for money. Its nothing fancy, in fact you think you are going into a block of apartments when you enter. You have to go to the third floor to get to reception, but we were given a room on the first floor which is in a separate annex to the hotel. This part of the hotel has been recently refurbished so the room was clean and modern. They also had wooden shutters on the windows which blocked out all light at night, something I find very beneficial when trying to sleep in hotels. There was some outside noise from the street at night mainly from street cleaning machines but as it is in the centre of town some noise would be expected. In fact its in a very good location. Its 2 mins walk from the Duomo, 5 mins from the Uffizi and about 10 mins walk to the train station. Breakfast is the usual continental buffet style - bread rolls, cereal, cheese etc. There are also free internet access until 12 midnight. The staff at reception were very courteous and helpful

Convenient, bset for sound sleepers The staff is very friendly, the rooms are nice. Location is very convenient. Being so close to Bourbon street, the rock music invades the room, if you are unlucky to have a room on that side. They need to install double pane windows. Another problem with being so close is that when the drunks come back to their rooms at all hours of the night, they make a LOT of noise. Walls are thin. During the week, this shouldn't be a problem, but weekends are another story. Breakfasts at the adjacent restaurant were really pricy, so we passed and went for beignets.

Ideal Roomy and Quiet Accommodation Room 577 (at rear)

It was Paradise!!

Good one

Good but new prices are outrageous Queen Room

Needs restaurant pro's Big rooms, clean, friendly staff.con's 30CA$ for parking, no room service, no restaurant.

Dazed If you want to be in the center of Waikiki action and across the street from the beach, you can't pick a better spot. than the Hyatt to lay your head at night. But be prepared for a high-rise hotel that's basically built on top of a shopping mall. There are scores of shops on the first three levels, and you have to navigate your way through a maze to reach the room elevators. Other than the constant need to get your bearings, the hotel has everything you need when you'r e not enjoying the incredible variety of Waikiki shopping and dining options. Rooms were recently renovated in a low-key style and rather non-descript decore. Beds are plush but batherooms are cramped and still somewhat dated. Spa is top notch, and restaurants are good but not great, partcularly given the high tarrifs charged. Pool is intimate (read: small) but comfy chaises and attentive service compensate--and don't forget the beach is right across the street.If you want big, sprawling and convenient, this hotel is highly recommended.

Great Rooms, Great Management, OK Location (for us) We stayed at the Omni based on reviews and overall pricing compared to other similarly rated large Hotels in San Francisco. We arrived quite late on a Thursday evening (9:30pm Pacific) due to our flight from Atlanta. We had booked online and I had asked for an upper level no-smoking room. There was no availability for either unfortunately I was told and initially we were placed in a smoking-permitted floor and room. I called the front-desk to ask if any accomodation could be made. The night manager, a wonderful person named Ellen K., indicated she would have us moved to another deluxe room that was non-smoking if we didn't mind moving to another room on our third day/night's stay. This was fine with us. Ellen subsequently called back a few minutes later and said the third night would be an upgraded deluxe suite room on an upper floor because of the trouble (at no extra charge of course). The entire stay was extremely nice, the BellHop area held an extra bag for us for three days while we went to Big Sur in a Miata and provided the bag as needed. Overall a great customer service environment. And the rooms/beds/furnishing was top-notch. The only possible knock is that the hotel is in the financial district. The night-life areas, such as Union Square and North Beach, are within a few blocks walking distance so this is a minor point-of-note. Don't wear heels like my wife did though.

Nice stay, but neither fitness nor luxury, some rough edges The hype of this hotel is totally lost on me. Don't get me wrong, the hotel was nice and rather warm and pleasant for its size (though not particularly memorable) and fairly well-located. Perhaps I was wrong to assume that the service would be a cut above other chains or perhaps we were just a bit unlucky, but the little things did add up for us:- it was raining so we asked the bellhop to hail us a cab for five (e.g. the Toyota vans, but a lot of Escapes and even Crown Victorias will do it, too). He simply said no, without explanation. We then asked him to call one for us, he again said no, then walked away. We just hailed it ourselves then. (To be fair, in the same situation the next day, the other bellhop was very nice and got us a cab for five in less than a minute)- we chose the hotel partly because two people in our party were preparing for a marathon. The complimentary running kit advertised on their web site and on the night stand was eagerly awaited, but eventually none were available during our entire 4-day stay. This kit, among other things, consisted of such things like a wet towel upon arrival, stretch bands, a NYC running map, etc. Even if you run out of such things, at least they could have procured more or assembled part of the kit. Instead, they told us to try again tomorrow (until tomorrow became the day we checked out) For a hotel that labels itself fitness, I don't find this acceptable.- despite a specific request in the online reservation and calling ahead to confirm, the sofa bed was not made up and we eventually had to request that they prepare it after arriving at night.- the shower changed temperatures from hot to cold and vice versa continuously, so you had to change the setting constantly to make sure not to freeze/burn. Very low water pressure also (OK, I'll sacrifice something for the 30th floor view)- I had authorized another member of my party to check in before me, and when I called the hotel to see if he had arrived, they said no; he ended up waiting for me for two hours because he had in fact arrived already.- Lastly, any hotel that still charges for wireless internet doesn't fully merit a five-star rating in my opinion. At least most chains (e.g. Westin) will give you free use of the business center internet or lobby internet when they charge for in-room access, but not even that at the Affinia Dumont. I don't understand how hotels can seem so committed to the customer's experience yet charge for something so basic. The result is we didn't use the Internet (a minor inconvenience) and the hotel didn't make any money from us, they only inconvenienced us a bit. Same deal for the $7 water bottles in the room.Again, these are small things, but to be worthy of such high tripadvisor rankings/awards and rates around $500 (even in NYC), you have to do better than what we experienced at the Affinia Dumont. I can think of a few other hotels like the Sofitel and even the Tower level of the (Ramada) New Yorker where I've had better stays in the same/lower price category.To end on a more positive note, my favorite parts were the view from the 30th floor (no complaints there, gorgeous Chrysler building views) and the generally helpful staff (e.g. when we wanted a vase on Mother's Day, it was brought to the room immediately). It was also nice that we had a mini-kitchen with a big fridge in the room.I guess my two cents are that the Affinia is a pretty good choice for a city hotel, but there are a range of other options out there, too!

Nice Location ... Good Pick Saw a deal on TRAVELZOO for a nice rate $219. It is a new boutique hotel that aims to please. If you are in NYC for Broadway Show and major Touristy Things then this location 44th St 6/7 th Ave is right in the middle, it is quite busy here if you are looking for quiet and slow ...this is not it.The staff was real nice. The lobby is nicely done, but small and not great for hanging out as we had 14 friends together for weekend. They are in the middle of construction on Asia restaurant and lounge which should be a great draw when it opens in June 2007. The standard rooms are small as they are in Times Square and space is a premium, but decorated quite nice and neat. If you can upgrade to Executive Queen it is a fair bit larger.Overall ... good expeience, nice staff ... would give it a 3.5 to 4 Stars

Life Saver View from Hotel Expo Barcelona

Very bad experience Room : problems with hot tube and lavatory ( water leaks ) , Tv remote was out of batteries , electricity stopped for couple times ( also for elevators )Services : Personnel entered and called numerous times my room. Sometimes without knocking. They looked well intentioned , but not too educated i think. Hotel bar looks more like a bodega on a dark side of an avenue.Location : the only positive thing : it's really close to the center

Perfect for what we needed I recently stayed at the Embassy Suite Biltmore for 6 nights and was pleasantly surprised! I had come to expect large rooms and little service from the brand, but this was not the case; Bellman, knowledgeable front desk staff, a decent gym, and a nice pool were all perks. The free cocktail hour was a nice touch and as long as not expecting the Ritz, this place has it all. I was there with about 15 colleagues for an event, and while a few of them complained about some maintenance issues, no one felt that the issues went unresolved. We all work with and stay in hotels for a living, and felt safe, well taken car of, and in fact, took the opportunity to relax and the bar and pool at the end of our long days (usually we shower and go to bed).The made to order breakfast counter was nice (though a little confusing wait staff and food wraps around a corner), but was tasty and a nice place for everyone to meet in the morning.All in all, it got high marks and will be were we stay from now on in Phoenix.

NOT the typical SPG hotel, much worse! I recently spend a week at the St Francis on business; It was a fright from the moment I got to my floor. The doorman, front desk staff, and bell staff were attentive, but didn't warn me about my room... It was on a newly renovated floor that smelled of mothballs (I was told it was the new carpet), the whole 11th floor smelled so my window (which opened) was of little help. The bell staff that escorted me to my room noticed immediately that the room was not made up properly and left to collect the towels, robe, and missing pillow. The amenities were less then I would expect, I've received better at a Hampton Inn. They were happy to press my suits, but were unable to shine my shoes. Housekeeping skipped my room twice during my stay, and the hotel never offered an apology; only a they'll be right up. All in all, it was a beautiful hotel, but the room was far too small (albeit a old hotel) for the price and the door banged into the bed when I opened it.For the money, stay at the ritz or four seasons...

Loved it! Stayed for 2 nights in Sept 08 while exploring what Amsterdam has to offer by day and night, hotel was really nice, clean and the staff exceptionally friendly....room was clean spacious with a kingsize bed and modern clean bathroom. Location is excellent for the museums and Vondel Park, there is a Tram (number 16) every 5 minutes from outside the hotel if u want to venture into the Dam square, Station area!! Warning though after sampling some of the local delicacies in the Dam area we lost track of time and missed the last Tram and a good 30 mins walk/stumble followed not what u need after trudging round museums all day!!

Agreeing with the other reviewers. We stayed here for six days on our very first visit to NY, picking from this site. The position is very central and convenient. The room was quite compact, but I believe that is not uncommon in the area, a little short on drawer space, but it was very clean and the room service was good. All the staff we met were very friendly and helpful. The most impressive part is the first floor (second to the colonials) lounge area with a very good drive yourself 24 hour espresso machine, a good continental breakfast and an excellent cheese and wine session in the early evening, factor all this in and the price is excellent. A very pleasant stay

Sublime blend of luxury and "wellness." We also selected Como Shambhala after previous experience at a sister property - Umu in nearby Ubud. The setting high above the Ayung River is exquisite and its relative remoteness makes it ideal for those who wish to relax, rather than party - or get fit and get well.The professional staff were particularly impressive: I selected the optional get fit program and my wife selected the ayurvedic program - both for a very modest addition to the package. One can make the schedule as busy as one likes - there are many optional experiences to choose from, including early-morning yoga, pilates, walking, trekking and cycling, lifestyle guidance or even bird watching. There are also many add-ons in the spa, as well as fitness challenges further afield; I particularly enjoyed a two-hour walk through ricefields and villages down to Ubud, followed by a pleasant cycle back.A particular delight was a morning spent down at the resort's exclusive rockpools, fed by a natural spring 100 feet above the river. The staff deliver a superb picnic lunch - a kind of antipasto of Balinese food - and discreetly offer cold water and towells when required.Two aspects of our stay surprised us: the sheer value for money (two susequent nights at the Bulgari Resort cost more than five at Como) and the unobtrusive service. Whenever we left our residence for a meal or activity, it would be serviced - used clothing disappeared, only to be returned three hours later washed and pressed; towells were replaced, the bathroom tidied, fresh drinking water supplied. As good as we have enjoyed.And don't miss the marvellous Taksu massage - the best I have ever had!

What a perfect breakfast! Front lounge

Budget Hotel at a Budget Price This hotel was as expected - for the price you cannot expect the Ritz, so if you are after a romantic weekend or something along those lines, I would not reccommned it, but if you are looking for somewhere with a bed that is clean this is ideal.Room was clean and modern with little or no noise from road or other rooms. Bathroom was clean and modern with good shower.Only downside was that there are no safe facilities in the room but there is a safe facility (at extra charge) from the reception. Rooms were quite small with very limited space around the beds (meaning my mate who was in the bed nearest the window cracked his shin on my bed every time he walked past!)All in all an excellent hotel if you are looking for somewhere on a budget and only really want a bed and a secure room. I do not reccomend this hotel to anyone with mobility difficulties as the breakfast room is down some typically amsterdam style steep twisting stairs with no lift. Lift access to all other floors is available.

Our most wonderful experience For the better part of two weeks, The Grand Hotel was, quite literally, our home away from home. Without exception, the staff was professional, courteous and efficient, yet personable, amicable and warm. A smile and a pleasant salutation greeted us whenever we walked the common areas of the hotel. They seemed to take a genuine interest in our well-being.The rooms were exquisite, beyond anything I had ever experienced - from frescoed walls to canopied beds. If our future travel plans include Europe, Florence will be one of our destinations and The Grand Hotel will, once again, be our respite from the rigors of vacation travel.

close to perfection My wife and I stayed at Casa Camper for four nights in mid-October, on the basis of the rave reviews. It's everything that's been written about it. Absolutely perfect location; rooms spotlessly clean, bathroom in a different league from other hotels and beds totally comfortable. Staff beautiful and very helpful -they extended our check out time until late afternoon because we had a late night flight.However...not sure the separate sitting rooms work very well, particularly on the lower floors. They are rather gloomy because of the neighbouring building across the narrow, interesting (and almost traffic-free) street. Didn't feel comfortable in ours -despite the hammock! Higher up or a suite would probably be a better bet. Also with the dark red and black colour schemes it can feel a little claustrophobic. Maybe it was just the unusual weather - it rained for a lot of the time but you tended to lose touch with the outside world. The remedy would be to take regular trips to the 6th floor outdoor terrace which gave a tremendous view.But all in all as close to the perfect combination of style and service as is likely to be found. Just book a room above the second floor.......

Real Customer Service I've stayed at most of the big hotels in Singapore, and the reality is that there's a lot of positives about all of them. I had not, for one reason and another, stayed at the Oriental. As I continued to read reviews, and with the benefit of an Amex FHR made a reservation. My trip includes some other fine stops; the Ritz-Carlton in Singapore and then the Park Hyatt in Saigon. However, my expectation was that my stay at the Oriental was going to be the best of them all (and the other two were very good indeed).The stay was good, but it didn't reach the level that I was anticipating. Generally the hotel is superb, but there were some items and some issues that grated. One was relating to an airport pick up car that Amex had cancelled well in advance, that had turned up and been charged to my room and stayed there even at check-out. (I promise you Changi airport is the one airport in the world that doesn't need an airport limo pick up. The worst experience on your way into town will be the ever increasing Singapore traffic.)I got an online survey from the hotel after I had left and I took care to provide some feedback that I was less than overwhelmed with my stay. As I've said not a disaster, just some issues. I might even have said that I preferred the Ritz Carlton.I then got a message from the hotel asking if I'd be willing to discuss my feedback.So, in what would have been late at night in Singapore (I'm in New York) the most charming lady (Michelle) called me from the hotel and listened to my feedback, and issues and the charge that I'd never managed to remove. She even listened to my gripes about the cost of room service, and that the door man didn't know where the Ford Factory Museum was (not many people do, it's about the Japanese occupation of Singapore and well worth a visit for history buffs)And she said the right things, and had the charge fixed the very next day. Finally I got a pleasant follow up note from the Duty Manager (Mandy).So, I have to admit that the service in the end did win me over and I'll be happy to stay there again.My only word of warning about the hotel - and others nearby - is that there is a lot of construction in the area. A situation I suspect that is not going to improve between now and the F-1 race.

Great Hotel This is an old hotel but totally renovated. We reserved a small room with two single beds but were upgraded to a deluxe room. We were in a corner room with a view of the Puget sound. The rooms were clean and the desk personnel were great and very helpful for touring. It is very short walk to the water front area. There are several great restaurants within walking distance.A great place to stay in Seattle.

Excellent Accommodations near train station The Alba is a gem! It's a short walk from the train station, although ongoing construction made it a bit longer. The lobby is pleasant, the dining room (breakfast included) is lovely, and the rooms are spacious by Italian standards: comfortable, clean and well-appointed. The desk clerks speak reasonably good English and are pleasant and helpful if you have questions. I really can't fault the Alba in any way. You can walk to the Duomo in about 10 minutes, and some fine restaurants (I recommend Buco Mario) are within 5 minutes. The complementary breakfast is nice enough; the usual assortment of croissants, yogurt, cereals, juices, coffee sweet rolls. No hesitation recommending the Alba, even for pickier travelers.

excellent spent 7 nights with 2 rooms for our family of 4 including a 16 and 19 year old.Complimentary breakfast was convienent although same spread every morning ( breads, coffee cake, bananas, hard boiled eggs, ham, cheese, cereals) but filled us up each morning.Rooms were nice- I asked for the Bush street side based on other reviews- and the nights were quiet.Complimentary DVD rentals with a large list was a nice perk.Very friendly staff

Eixample location is great We spent 3 nights in Barcelona. Loved the city but hotel was not great. It was the most disappointing of the hotels we stayed at during our 2 week vacation. However it was the least expensive of the hotels we stayed at as well. The Hotel Claris is rated a 5 star GL hotel but it does not exude a luxury hotel feel. The Hotel Majestic one block away exudes that luxury hotel feel. The public spaces in the Majestic had a 5 star feel where the Claris did not. The Claris is a 19th century building that has been completely gutted and converted into a very modern hotel with interesting design and modern atrium in the middle to provide light. Our junior suite was very dark with a separate livingroom with no window and the sole window in the bedroom was on a courtyard with very little light. The roof top pool and lounge area was nice but the gym is poor. just 3 cardio machines in a very small space.We totally enjoyed our stay in Eixample as opposed to staying in the more touristy Las Ramblas area. Within easy walking distance are the fine shops on the Pg. de Gracia (1 block away) and many of the fine Gaudi architectural treasures are within walking distance. I love art nouveau design and there is great examples all around. I enjoy walking and the old city is a good walk away but for those that don't enjoy the long walk it is just a short cab ride. There are also many great restaurants and cafes just a short walk away. We spent 3 nights there but we could have easily filled 6 days in Barcelona. There is much to see do and experience. Also the city is every bit as sophisticated as the top European cities.

Refreshed and Rested at the Palace We recently spent two nights at the Westin Palace. The Hotel delivered on what we expected. We wanted a comfortable hotel to catch up on our lost nights sleep after spending the night on a transatlantic flight. Positives: at check in we were offered a room upgrade through the Amex Platinum fine hotels program and we were put in the hotel's largest suite for the price of our deluxe room. This was no Junior suite but a full suite with separate living/dining room and extra half bath. The bedroom also had a separate dressing room outside of the bathroom. This was the most elegant room of our 2 week vacation but certainly not the most expensive. The bedroom was quiet and the a/c worked very well and we were able to catch up on our sleep. Included breakfast was a full breakfast buffet and good quality. The public areas of the hotel are very nice and well maintained. The location is great, especially if you are interested in seeing the major art museums which are only a short walk away. Negatives: the hotel staff was professional but always left me with an impersonal feeling that this was a big hotel chain. Of course this is a minor complaint since the staff gave us the great room upgrade on arrival. The gym is reasonably good and I got in a great work out one morning.

Bustling Nightlife, Friendly Staff, Perfect for a wknd trip The El San Juan is a great hotel if you are looking for a quick, fun trip to PR. In particular, it is perfect for groups of friends looking to party. I actually went down with my wife, and we had a great time. I would not recommend the El San Juan if you are looking for a quiet stay. The club at the hotel is hopping, and it's not just tourists in there, a lot of locals partying as well. The lobby is bustling at night, and the casino has a lot of activity as well. If you are looking for a slower scene in PR, I would recommend either the Ritz (right down the road), or the El Conquistador. The hotel has just finished being refurbished. I had visited in June of this yr, and was very impressed with the improvement this time around. The La Vista class room basically looked exactly like it does on their website, and the bathroom was much nicer than than one that preceded the refurbishment. The only potential negatives I would point out are :1) The walls are kind of thin, so if you may get unlucky with a loud neighbor. We were thankful we had a neighbor that only made noise during the day.2) Although the El San Juan has the best party scene, the Ritz has better restaurants (including Il Mulino, which was very tasty btw) and a nicer casino.3) If you're looking to explore Old San Juan it is not walkable. You will need to take a cab r/t, which will run you about 20 each way. More important than the money is the time though, traffic can be an issue. I would not really recommend the hotel for more than a 3 day stay. All in all we were very happy with the El San Juan but would not recommend for all types of travellers.One other quick point on San Juan. Last time I was here I went to a restaurant called Marmelade, which was fantastic. This time we tried Parrot Club, and were unimpressed.

Terrilbe/Non-Existent Management is the Downfall of the Hotel My wife and I have been to the Domican Republic several times before, and even got engaged there, so I feel we have a good sense of what can be expected in this country. In fact, we had a soft spot for the DR. We were on a family trip this time, celebrating an aunt and uncles 25th anniversary with both our parents and siblings. The Occidental has some positives, but overall our experience had so many negative aspects to it that I doubt we will ever return to the Dominican. I will start with the positives:The hotel layout is nice, the staff does a good job of keeping things clean.The bartenders do an admirable job of hustling despite the fact very few people tipThe late night pizza (available until 6 am) was surprisingly goodThe club Mangu is by far the most happening club we had ever seen in the DR Sadly - On to the negativesThe first problem we encountered was with the quality of our room. Our room had 2 twin beds pushed together (rather than a king which would be more appropriate for a married couple), non functional AC, a non functional fan, and a shower that was better described as a slow drip that alternated between ice cold and scaldingly hot. We were pretty miserable this first night, since neither the AC nor the fan worked. We subsequently found out we had been allocated a non renovated room. The rest of our group had all been allocated renovated rooms. Getting moved to a renovated room ended up being a major challenge. We kept being informed a manager was not around and they could not move us without approval from one of them, Finally, when a manager did arrive the nect morning, he tried to stay back in his office and have the reception attendant try to pass messages back and forth. It made us feel ridiculous. We insisted on speaking to the manager directly. He tried to say the resort was full, which was a complete lie (later we found out they were at 60% capacity), and that no renovated rooms were available. This was after seeing many many people wheeling suitcases from all the different buildings all over the resort that morning to check out. Finally, after 3 more trips to the reception culminating with asking for a meeting with the General Manager, a renovated room finally magically appeared for us. There really was no reason for the situation to get to this point, however. Given there were 4 problems with our room and there were plenty of rooms available, we should have been moved immediately. Our experience with the management on this issue, or lack of since the managers were rarely available, was repeated in other scenarios several times over the remainder of the trip.The staff often has a stop bothering us, we are just chilling attitude. For example, the day before we left I was trying to find out what time our bus would pick us up for the airport. I was informed I had to speak to the person that coordinated the bus, and that they were currently in the back of the lobby. I went to try to find them, they were not there. When I told this to the rep at the front desk, I was told they might be at the theatre now, but in any case would be around the property for a couple more hours and I should just wander around trying to find them. This was pretty annoying the day before we had to leave, and I wanted to get back to the beach. I asked them to just find the person coordinating the bus themselves, or make a phone call to find out the bus time and just send a message to our room with the time. Although this experience was not so terrible in its own right, I think it just shows the pervasive attitude of the staff.There was a constant stream of people complaining about various things at the front desk, which created a negative atmosphere and quickly eroded our confidence in how things were being run. The food is not good. A consensus quickly emerged that the buffet was the best choice (as opposed to the specialty restaurants). It was an interesting phenomenon to see all the restaurants nearly empty but a line out the door for the buffet. Most of us had issues in the bathroom from the second day onward.The reception staff, and lack of constant manager presence, leaves guests with the impression there is nobody to turn to about problems. A quick example here, I was working out in the fitness room one afternoon. The employee on duty approached me and asked me where I was from, after which he told me that God was number one for him and asked where he ranked for me. He then told me he was a Christian, etc. I was a bit at a loss at how to respond but I just smiled and returned to my workout. After this exchange he proceeded to go to the corner of the fitness room and chanting various prayers at the top of his voice I Spiritu Sankti, etc. This went on for the next 20 minutes of my workout. After the earlier frustrations at the front desk, I thought if I told them this story they would just laugh about their funny colleague, so I never ever bothered to tell anybody about it. Another negative was the quality of the nighttime entertainment. We actually had very low expectations from our previous trips. However, the Occidental took things to a new low. For example, one night the MC spent 45 minutes playing the I am thinking of a number between 75 and 95 game and then 120 - 140 after the first one was guessed and so on and so on. We had a problem with the staff ignoring the do not disturb signs. Twice, they walked on on us taking a nap.A final issue I will discuss is not completely the hotels fault, although they played a role. We asked at the concierge how we could book deep sea fishing. They recommended a company. We spoke to the owner in person and arranged a very specific deal. We wanted to keep all the fish we caught, have it cleaned by the staff and then have it cooked at a local restaurant. He quoted a price for this type of package, and told us that a friend of his that owned a restaurant had agreed to cook the fish as a favor as long as we bought drinks and side orders from his restaurant. We went out and caught 2 large Mahi Mahi that we took back to shore after which we had a series of unpleasant episodes. First, the boat staff told us they usually get to keep the fish, or at least one fish. So we had to argue about the fact we already had agreed with the owner to keep all the fish. Then, none of the staff wanted to clean the fish without additional tip, although we had already discussed this point with the owner as well. Finally, the restaurant owner told us he would not cook the fish unless he got to keep all the extra fish we could not eat on the spot (this was no good because we promised cooked fish to our wives and girlfriends). So it made us feel like everybody was constantly trying to scam us and take a piece out of us on every possible chance. We finally got the fish cooked at another small local place nearby for a reasonable sum, but we should not have had to pay anything more since we had been very exact in our negotiations. The owner of the boat was not available for all this time for anybody to call. Despite for success of the trip in terms of the fish, we actually returned really bummed out about the DR since we felt everybody was trying to scam us. We resolved not to leave the resort for any other trips. I would really suggest avoiding leaving the resort. Finally, it actually ended up being a funny joke to us, but the staff managed to incorrectly spell happy 25th anniversary on the cake we ordered for my aunt and uncle! To conclude, I would just avoid the Occidental. In order to improve matters at the property, I think they would have to completely overhaul the management and rethink how they organize everything at the hotel.

Villa Real deserves #1 ranking We spent 6 days in Villa Real in April, 2005. We booked it on the basis of the rating it has consistently received from TravelAdvisor. We were not disappointed - the hotel is pleasant without being overwhelming, the staff are friendly and attentive, the location is great, quiet but convenient. Incidentally, Plaza Santa Anna just 5 minutes walk from the hotel is a great location for tapas and people watching in the evenings.

A Pleasure It must have been our charm and good looks (I jest), but our recent four days at Las Casitas was terrific. We somehow missed most of the horrors noted by other TravelAdvisor guests. Las Casitas is a mini resort within a big resort and worth the extra bucks. Our room was private, clean and spacious and although it did not have all the toys and ameneties found in many other resorts (internet, etc.), it was fine by us. Our ocean view and intimate/private balcony was complemented with an adjacent swaying palmtree that quietly swooshed 24 hours a day and acted like white noise that made us totally oblivious to anyone or anything that might have disturbed the tranquility and the ocean view. Yes, many of the restaurants were overpriced, but there were less expensive options on the property that offered local cuisine that we have have always enjoyed (from many visits to Puerto Rico). What we thought was a complementary continental breakfast at the Las Casitas' pool cost us $50. We are quick students and the next day enjoyed a nice $7.50 (for two)breakfast at a Micky D's down the road. We made it a point to eat out as often as we could; not because of the prices, but because local, neighborhood restaurants (all over the island) offer a vast array of traditional foods that are usually a highlight of a visit to a different or unique culture. We can get prime steaks, Italian delights or deli sandwiches at home but can't duplicate the crispy but tender roadside barbequed pig (on a spit) you can find at a roadside shack in Luquillo. Back to the hotel: The boatride to and from the beach (Palomino Island) is part of the beach experience. It's a neat ten minute break with a bar on shore at either end (if that's of interest.) This was our first visit to this property and probably won't be our last. We enjoyed our stay and made the best of the few speedbumps we did encounter. Relax and leave your attitude behind.

Great Place to Stay Rooms here are fairly typical. We had plenty of space and found it to be clean. The best part of the place is the pool -- it's a full 25 meters and very clean. There's lots of vegetation surrounding it and a bar as well. It opens at 6 am if you like to swim early. Great atmosphere. We brought dinner back to the pool area and just ate there. No problem bringing your own drinks to the pool. We didn't use it but there's a coffee shop right there in the hotel that seemed very reasonable.The location is very convenient to Universal Studios. You can drive there in about ten minutes or you can take the hotel shuttle. There's lots of restaurants nearby and plenty of quick eats or take out. There are also a couple of supermarkets close by.My only complaint is that the room did not have a refrigerator in it. There seemed to be space for one but it wasn't there. Could have used it.We stayed two nights and I booked the room through the Universal Studios package web site and saved $30 or $40 per night over booking direct. I could have stayed more than two nights here - we were very comfortable.

Not Bad! We stayed there from Aug 17 to 24th.Flight: Excellent - Flew with Air Canada and the flights were prefectArrival, departure and transportation to and from resort: Excellent- took us less than 1 from the time we arrived until we checked into our room. It was prefect. Departure was prefect as well.Beach of the best we have ever been to.Pool: Good - Large but not inspiring.Facilities: Good maintainedFood: Good selection is amazing but everything else is average.Staff: Average - Hardworking but not friendly.Room: Poor - specious but poorly decorated. Sink was leaking, closet handles broken and furnishing is wobbly. The opening between the room and the bathroom is not a good idea when you have kids.

Really excellent hotel Cannot fault this hotel. Very comfortable room, well stocked items in the bathroom. Very good breakfast. Helpful and efficient staff. In all a very pleasant experience.

A stones' throw from Times Square One hundred yards from Times Square this is a hotel in a great location. You hardly need to leave W43rd Street for good restaurants and bars - you will of course. The Brooklyn Diner with its fabulous cheescakes and entrees, Tony's for the great meatballs and the Heartland Brewery for locally brewed beer and great steaks are all within fifty yards. Hotel room was compact and had all facilites. With just six floors it was no surprise that there was not a view. The desk was extremely helpful, breakfast was light and good and the early evening wine service helped to meet others.

A cultured hotel The hotel is in a select residential area and attracts an interesting and cosmopolitan range of guests. It is unhurried and professional with an excellent front desk. The 5pm wine interlude gives the chance to meet other guests and to see the world from other people's point of view. Continental breakfast with a good range. A cab ride to most places and good legs required if you wish to walk to local facilites. Try 'Rose's Cafe' or 'Home' on Union Street for light snacks or local restaurant Garibaldi.

Enjoyed our Stay at Porta Faenza My wife, myself and two friends arrived in Florence by train and after some initial disorientation (we did that everywhere) found the hotel to be a reasonable walk even with our rolling luggage. The staff were helpful and courteous and our room small but adequate. We were not bothered by street noise (although there were some inconsiderate guests with loud voices in the halls) and we were pleased to find free internet access. The hotel was within walking distance of everything we wished to see and with a call in advance to the hotel they arranged reserved entry to the Academia and other galleries. There was a surcharge for this but we were told when we booked and had no complaints. Overall we all were very pleased with our stay and would have no hesitation at all in recommending it or staying there on a return trip.

Great!!!! Booked this hotel for one night directly through Hilton's website, at a rate of USD 229 ++.This is one of my all time favourite hotels. It is simply a great hotel. I have stayed at many top ends hotels around the world, and even though Hampton would not be able to compete in the same segment as FS or MO, I must say that the unpretentious level of service and the lavish rooms are highly comparable to the snobby service and tired rooms of many of the top luxury hotels.I was checked-in early by a nice receptionist. The doorstaff took care of my luggage. My room was large and modern, it had a great and comfortable bed, sufficient lighting, a large LCD tv, a laptop safe, walk-in closet, a comfortable desk and ergonomical chair, a cosy chair and footrest. The bathroom was large and had a lot of quality amenities. The bathtub was large enough and the water pressure from the shower head were okey (could have been stronger, but not really a problem). I stayed on several hotels in New York during this trip: two nights at the Westin and three nights at the Sheraton Towers. Unfortunately I stayed only one night at the Hampton, because it was my last night in New York. Hampton were way better than the Westin and the Sheraton, both in terms of service/staff friendliness and in terms of room quality/amenities. I was so surprised by this, and I do wish all Hamptons could be like this one. Every staff member were warm, friendly and smiling - those includes the door staff, the elevator staff, the breakfast staff, the front desk staff, the housekeeping staff and so on. They provide a casual and comfortable atmosphere to the hotel. One of the managers called to my room to hear if everything were fine and in order. This usually happens in high end hotels only. I was pleasantly surprised to experience this in a Hampton Inn! There was complientary wireless internet throughout the hotel, complimentary local calls, complimentary coffee/tea/hot chocolate both in the rooms and in the lobby (a very nice feature), complimentary apples, complimentary newspaper delievered to the room and complimentery buffet breakfast. The breakfast was not my style of breakfast - only sweet things like cookies, donuts, cakes....not very healthy. There was a very limited selection of fruits and yoghurt. But it was all complimentary, so I can't complain about it. Starbucks and Subway were just across the street.Great location too!! One block from Times Square.I will return to this hotel anytime!!! Thank you Hampton Inn!!!

Decent Sheraton Booked this hotel via Hotelclub.com. Paid 100 USD per night, which was very reasonable.Located in walking distance to the historical centre....a short 10 minute walk to the Zucalo. The hotel is pretty new, and the public areas are airly and stylish, which a lot of things going on. There are many restaurants, lounges and bars in the lobby.The room was large and modern. The bed were very comfortable. TV with many channels. Coffee and tea making facilities. The bathroom was large with a large bathtub. Seperate room for the toilet and bidet. There were wifi too, but at a charge.The service was fine. Greeted by doormen and front desk staff. Security also good at the entrance, by the elevators and around in the lobby.

Stay somewhere else - waste of money! This hotel is not up to the guiding lines of the Mandarin Oriental hotel chain. A waste of money. Stay somewhere else.My stay was a huge disappointment to my sister and me. We were staying for 5 days. Already at the check-in they assigned us to wrong room. We had booked a deluxe twin bedded room. And we got a king bedded room, but had to change it into a twin bedded room, which they managed to do - after a long wait!!Further on, there were not much deluxe over the room. On the positive side the room was large and had a nice balcony. But it had only very basic things; like an old fashioned television, a cordless telephone (which did not work) and a radio. There were no dvd/cd-player in the room. No international plugs. Nothing extra at all!!! The beds were fine and good size (but I have experienced better beds). But lightening in the room were terrible, no bedside reading lights, and so on. Also, terrible bathroom solution...I mean the bathroom in itself was beautiful, but only thing that seperated the bathroom from the bedroom was a single, thin and sliding screen. So it was impossible to have an early morning shower without waking up my sister. Cause all the bathroom noise goes out to the bedroom. Not very smart solution!!! I prefer privacy when I am in the bathroom and beside this stupid screen there were no locks on the bathroom doors....The housekeeping in this hotels are the worst ever housekeeping I have experienced in any hotel. And it is such a shame that a hotel like Mandarin Oriental offer so poor service to their guests. The second day there were no towels provided, the third day there were no toiletries provided, the fourth day there were no water provided, and the fifth day there were no newspaper provided. I had to call for everything. This is not up to the reputation of the Mandarin Oriental. The business center was nice, but kinda pathetic that they charge you for using the internet there. I think it was 6 USD per 15 minutes, which is very expensive. Food was so-so. Tried the food at the beachside restaurant and in the Sambal Cafe. The sandwich at the beachside restaurant was very plain and tasteless, but the lunch in the Sambal Cafe was quite good.A nice feature on turndown service is that the hotel provides complimentary water from Voss. The onsite spa and pool was very nice, and the best thing about this hotel, I think.The service here is very slow and extremely inefficient. It took them like 30 minutes to get some towels to my room. The doormen outside are more busy talking private stuff, than opening the doors for the guests, you have to stand in line to talk to someone the front desk (which is unusual for a MO-hotel), the concierge is good (when he is actually on his desk). I also find some of the employees to have attitude-issues, which is not proper for a 5-star property. The concierge for example was kinda unpatient and rude when I wanted to ask about the limo-service. And an evening in the pool I was approached by a member of the security staff, and he told me in a very rude way: You have 10 minutes to leave the pool, I think it is kinda rude to talk like this to guests. Where are the humble hospitality?? I was told at the check-in by the manager on-duty that I the pool was official closed at 9 pm, but I could use the pool at my own convenience after this. So, I did at 11 pm. And then this happened. I tried to explain to this guy that I was told something else by the front desk. But he told me something else, and that I had to get out of the pool. I think this guy was very rude, and it is incredible that this can happen. All this made me very angry. I also notified the front-desk about the phone in my room was out of order. They said they would send someone up to look at it right away. But it never happened. I think I reminded them about 4-5 times during my stay, but NOTHING happened.The location of this hotel is depressing and out of nowhere. There is nothing to do there. You better have a car, or prepare use taxi every time you want to go somewhere. You can still walk downtown or to Bayside shopping, which is 25-30 minutes walk away. This was my first visit to Miami, and next time I go to Miami I would rather stay in South Beach/Miami Beach area (Delano Hotel/Setai/Loews Miami Beach Hotel), cause there you will find the points of interests. There is nothing to do downtown, and there are no good shopping options around (except Bayside). You have to go up North Miami or down South Miami or to Miami Beach:)I think this hotel are on a very wrong course, and that the management should be replaced. This is far by the worst 5-star hotel I have ever stayed in, and it is incredible that this can be a member of the MO-chain. Well, I will never return to this hotel. I'd better stick to Four Seasons Miami - which is a beautiful and a serious hotel. Great service at the FS too!! Miami was an amazing experience and a wonderful city, and I will go back without doubt, but not to the Mandarin Oriental!!!I sent a complaint to the hotel manager, but did not receive any reply at all.

The best hotel in Singapore MO is easily the best hotel in Singapore, after staying at RC and the Raffles. Whilst RC is cold and soulless, and Raffles are touristy and noisy - the MO is a warm and calm oasis and retreat. Check-in was very smooth, and got my room right away (at 11 am). The room was a superiour (I think it's the lowest category) on the 12th floor, it was newly refurbished and lavish, and very nice and comfortable. A bed to die for, and a large bathtub with seperate bathtub and shower. Large 42 LCD television with 80 or so international channels. Interactive telephone and also a cordless set, which was very convenient. The room had a large balcony overlooking Marina Mandarin. Not the best view, but it was nice to enjoy a cold cocktail in the sunshine.The staff and the service was great. The best service I have experienced in Singapore. Doorstaff and reception always greeted me by my lastname, and they were always smiling and very hospitable. The way MO should be:) The hotel does not have a grand lobby area, but they have a very nice bar on the 5th floor with a stunning view, overlooking Singapore harbour. There is also another bar, and 3-4 restaurants. Tried only the lounge and the bar - service, drinks and food were great. The breakfast (included in the room rate) was amazing, one of the best breakfasts I have ever had. There was a large selection of Asian and Western options, cold and warm, sweet and sour, light and heavy. You must try the breakfast when staying here. The juices are always fresh - made on request. Delicious.The hotel is located in Marina Centre - right next to the sea. I am not afraid of using my feet, so I walked everywhere without problem. The only times I used the subway was when going to Orchard Road and Chinatown. But you can easily walk to the harbour (just across the street) , the historic centre (10 minutes), Raffles (10 minutes), Singapore Flyer (5 minutes), Suntec City Mall (5 minutes), and so on... You can easily reach the subway if you walk through the mall that's connected to the hotel. All in all, the location is very convenient for sightseeing, business and shopping.If you love seafood you should visit Esplanade Mall across the street - there you'll find No Signboard Seafood. Strange name for a restaurant, but the food is absolutely delicious. It's quite inexpensive as well. Highly recommended!!I will return to the MO when going back to Singapore.

Not up to the usual Westin standard Booked the hotel for two nights through Starwood, got a very favourable rate at 229 USD per night. When entering the hotel I was forced to let the doorman have my suitcase, even though I really prefer to take it by myself. I tried to check in at noon, but was told that there were no rooms available, and that the check-in time was 3 PM. I went out, and came back at 2:30 PM. I was told again that my room was not ready, so I sat in the lobby waiting for 3 PM. There were several guests waiting for the same. At 3:05 PM I went to the reception again, and was told that my room was not ready. Several guests tried to check-in but everyone was told the same. Then I asked to confirm that 3 PM was check-in time, and the rude receptionist told me that Check-in started FROM 3 PM. I told here that this was nonsense and demanded to speak to the managere. At frist, she would not get me the manager, but I insisted. After 5 minutes the manager came out from his hiding place (behind the reception) and told me that they had a room for me. What's the purpose of this??? I can understand that the hotel have a strict check-in policy and won't check in guests before check-in time. But I do find it rude and aqward what they don't even want to check-in guests AFTER check-in time. Westin did not show any kind of flexibility, so I will not do so either.I got my room on the 26th floor (I think). It was large and airy. It had a large LCD-tv (with a library of on-demand movies) and two very comfortable twin beds. However it was very dark and there was not enough light points. The bathroom was Westin style (e.g. very small, cold and crampy). The bathtub was too small to have a proper bath in. I do find the bed heavenly, but the bathroom is not heavenly by any means! I had a nice view over Times Square and Empire State Building, which was very nice. The housekeeping is highly inconsistent. My room was not serviced for turn-down service the first night. And my room was not serviced the following morning either. I returned to my room at 6 pm, and found my room to be just like I left it in the morning. I called the housekeeping and complained.However, the hotel is TOO big and TOO inpersonal for my taste. There are huge lines everywhere, and the hotel are not capable to offer their guests tabels at the restaurants or the bar, cause everything is full. The public areas of the hotel are well kept, shiny and nice, but it looks like a mall and are very business oriented. The location of this hotel is GREAT, just one block from Times Square. Many restaurants and shops at the doorstep.I will not return to the Westin again. New York City have a lot of other and better options. But you should definately go with Westin if you can get a rate like I did.

Great views, average hotel Be prepared for a hotel that didn't have a renovation for ages - like several other Starwood properties in the Bay Area. On the other hand everything is clean and service is friendly and accommodating. The most spectacular thing is the view. We had a room on the top floor and were looking at the scenery all the time. Large panoramic windows make it possible. Don't be afraid of noise; hotel is well insulated. We thought the new mattresses were too soft, others will maybe enjoy them: a matter of personal taste. What's not a matter of taste is the extremely low water pressure in the bathrooms. Bathrooms, by the way, are larger than usual and have all amenities. Not in working condition was the advertised feature of check-out via your TV screen. Also, the promised quick check-out bill was not under our front door. We had to go downstairs and stand in line. Cashier did not pay proper attention to people in line at the Preferred Guest Counter (a problem found in a lot of Starwood hotels). Overall we enjoyed our stay and would come back to the Sheraton Gateway.

Did the job nicely! We stayed here as part of a two day stay in San Fran and have to say it was perfect for what we were after, Close to Fisherman's wharf Pier 39, the vintage tram (a must!) which takes you to the shopping haven that is union square, and also close to the alcatraz ferry (one of the highlights of our 2 week stay in the US!).The hotel itself was well presented felt modern. Apart from the poor view from our room, I was pleased with it overall, the free wireless was a bonus and the complementary continental breakfast hit the spot. All in all I would definitley recommend this hotel for a short stay in San Fran.

Great hotel - the personal touch Having had the Magic Castle hotel recommended on trip advisor, I decided to book the hotel for 2 nights as part of our honeymoon to california. I booked directly through the website, and made the comment that it was our honeymoon stay (as I did with all the hotels - just in case!). When we arrived the bed had rose petals and there was complementary red wine a conrats card from the hotel which I thought was very nice touch!The hotel its self is in a great location for discovering Hollywood LA - if you really need to! We were very dissapointed with LA (in comparision with the other places on our trip, San Fran, San Diego etc), Hollywood was the wiredest mixture of freaks and disposible camera wielding tourists i have ever seen. However I am glad we did it as we seen all the sights form the movies etc. and was nice to have 'ticked the box'!The breakfast in the moring was more than adequate and the free drinks/snacks from reception were another unique plus point. Along with free wireless access friendliness of the staff we were more than happy with our choice, and if this hotel was in a different city - we would definitley be back!!

Beautiful My wife and I booked four nights at the Adolphus for our wedding anniversary. The hotel is beautiful and the staff are amazing. We were in a standard room and it surpassed all expectations. For a historic hotel, this property provides an unbeatable experience.The only complaint, if you park on site, you have no choice but valet.

Special place Hotel Washington is situated beyond the Grachten belt. This is however no real problem since you have all kinds of tramway stops nearby. We were able to get to anyplace within 10-15 minutes. Furthermore, the quarter is friendly and has shops and restaurants, but there are no noisy tourists or similar.The hotel is in a (or, rather, a couple of) ancient Amsterdam houses. This and the antique interior and the classical music give it a very special atmosphere. The stairs are however really steep. This adds to the original Amsterdam feeling (all ancient A'dam houses have those stairs) but may be a little tiresome if you return after a long day sightseeing.Our room was fine and spacious as was the bathroom. But the best thing is the staff. All people we learned to know at the Washington were warm and helpful. E.g., they arranged to get us cards for a show which wasn't bookable at all from Germany. All in all, we can definitely recommend Hotel Washington. We will surely stay there when we return to Amsterdam.

Recommended only for earplug users Rooms are small, but really sufficient. Alas, to the left hand side was room 7 ...

Superb: Words can't do it justice Beautiful room and impressive view

Not For the Feint Hearted I booked and had confirmed an 'Ocean View' room. When I was shown to the room on arrival it had a view of the balconies of the adjoining building and a small amount of garden. When I explained that this is not what I had paid for the room was changed - again ithis room did not have a direct ocean view but was more pleasant.The hotel is not for the elderly or the feint hearted. The restaurants, pool and bars are reached by means of stairs which are not well illuminated at night and there are no hand rails. Everything is spread out and it can take up to ten minutes walking to get to a location and retutn to the room.Another problem is the remote locaton of the complex. This tends to make the visitor a captive to the dining and beverage facilties at the hotel which are very expensive by Bali standards.Boquets must be awared to good service and smiling staff.

A nice surprise off Copley Very nice but small hotel very near the larger Marriott Copley Place. Hard to locate -- my cabbie tried to drop me at the main Courtyard by Marriott downtown. Evidently, this hotel was recently rebranded as a Courtyard.The rooms were normal large-city sized rooms -- in other words, they were a bit small. But for one person or a couple, they are fine. The shower was excellent - large with a good spray. All the room amenities were fairly new and functional. The bed was veyr comfortable and the room very quiet.The only complaints were that the room was quite cold. The thermostat seemed stuck on full air conditioning. This is NOT a full service hotel. No bar or restaurant, but there is much nearby. Cabs are not easy to catch; it's on a side street, but the bellman ran a block away to get me one.Hotel staff were very pleasant and helpful. Nice place to stay.

Convenient, Affordable, Great View - Hyatt Regency Embarcadero We stayed a single Tuesday night in August. We came to San Francisco to listen to live music, and needed a place to crash after the concert. After parking next door at the Embarcadero #4 next door ($30.00 overnight, no in and out), we walked into and up to the lobby to check in. I believe the hotel valet parking is $54.00 overnight. We had our key in our hands within 8 minutes - very efficient. The room was on the 15th floor and although we were given a King with City View, we had a great view of the Transamerica Pyramid.The hotel is convenient to the Ferry Building, and we hit Hog Island for oysters and wine before going back to our room for a nap before our night out.Taxis are plentiful and we got to the SOMA venue quickly. After our post-club dinner at a late-night restaurant, our taxi quickly took us back. No ride was over $7.We checked out before 7am as we had work at 9am back in Sacramento.We like this hotel because of the convenience to shopping, eating, drinking, dancing, and all of downtown San Francisco.

exellent we booked a comfort room for 4 nights,at this hotel, from internet.we asked a room with view at upper levels.they gave us a large and luxuriousroom at 6th floor with great view, as we asked....the breakfast was the better i ever seen,with free champagne every day. you can take there mas cart,so you will pay 30 euros for 2 persons.do it anyway !!!! there are many bars and restaurants just in the other side of the river.try them.at bar called vang gogh the owner play piano.....try the dada falafel at oranien str, and cafe einstein.in a few words,melia hotel was fantastic !!

Good Hotel But Check Your Bill Stayed two nights in a loft apartment. About average for Sydney prices but well located on a wharf into the harbour and walking distance to the city.Warning. Check your bill; we were charged for breakfast and the use of the bar. After contacting the hotel they did refund the breakfast, but failed to credit the bar which we had not used.As a traveller with a daughter in the area we ate opposite for half the price at Charlies and purchased water there for $3. Be warned, check your account.

Great location Hotel interior

Nice value Room - sorry for the lens shadow

Incredible... Best shower ever

Great hip hotel -- very comfortable The reviews on this site are pretty right on, except for the part about the techno music. You can barely hear it in the hallway next to the elevator. I stayed in a corner king room on an upper floor with a great view of the bay bridge and surrounding bay to the south. It's the most peaceful urban hotel room that I've ever stayed in. The really fun part of the hotel is that when you're ready to leave the calmness of your room, it's a short elevator ride down to the 2nd floor bar or the 1st floor cafe/bar, both of which get a large crowd of urban young professionals seven nights/week. The bar staff were not pretentious at all; they were very friendly and approachable. The drinks are expensive, but the atmosphere is great, so long as you're into the hip/trendy setting. The room is set up really nicely, and the bed, as at all W hotels, is probably the most comfortable hotel bed that I've slept in. The sitting area beside each of the windows was also great. It was large enough to curl up on and read a book. The bathroom is large and the shower is pretty decent (nothing like the shower at the carneros inn, but the water pressure is strong and adjustable...it's also not cramped). I understand some of the reviewer complaints about the bathroom door. You can't see through it exactly, but it's not opaque. In a King room it makes sense. In a double room, I'm not sure why they wouldn't switch to an opaque door (if you're not sharing a bed with your fellow traveller, I really doubt you want to see a sillouette of him/her on the can) but then again, it let a lot of natural light into the bathroom. Some reviewer mentioned that the wooden shades didn't block the light. I guess their shades must have been broken, because I found that they worked great, and I like my hotel rooms very dark. I also ordered room service one morning and it was brought up in about 10-15 minutes and was very good. Yeah, it's expensive...it's hotel room service, so what. The pool and workout area are also very nicely done. I wish that the outside patio that extends from the pool were on a higher floor rather than just the 3rd, but then again it was raining most of the time, so it wouldn't have mattered for my stay anyway.The only piece of advice I have is this. If you're getting to the hotel by cab instead of your own vehicle, don't drag all your luggage in through the main enterance at the corner of 3rd and Howard. Instead, go down Howard about 100 feet to where it says Wheels and go in that way. If you go in the main enterance and it's after 5pm, you will feel like an idiot b/c you'll be dragging your luggage through a mob of people and probably try to check in at the bar. The hotel is a great retreat and you'll have fun as long as you like the hip/trendy type of hotel. Check out their website and know what you're getting into...if you're older and don't want to be around a bunch of young professionals, probably better off at a Union Square hotel, which is really only a few blocks away.

Great location with a great corner room -- feels very business though Another view

Fantastic choice -- Deluxe Room w/ View great choice bathroom

Excellent resort Although I had read reviews here before I left, the negative reviews had me a little bit sceptical. It turns out we had nothing at all to worry about. Everything from check-in to check-out went smoothly.The grounds were beautiful and the beach was awsome. All the staff were very friendly and tried their best to cater to whatever you asked for and did it with a smile. They also have a very good Medical Facility on the grounds, which we had to use when our son broke his toe. The Doctor was really good and the insurance part was handled with no problems.There were several restaurants to choose from along with the buffet and I would say the food was above average with something for everyone. The type of clientel can change from week to week, but our experience is that this is a fabulous family vacation spot for kids up to around the age of 15. We have a 17 year old and a 5 and 4 year old. Our teenager didn't meet too many people his age but still had a good time enjoying all the activities provided around the pool and at the beach.This is exactly the same property and resort as the Ocean Blue, so I don't know why it is advertised differently. I found while shopping for the vacation that the Ocean Sand was cheaper.My only two negative points which are very minor in my opinion, and that I had also read about prior to going, is the Time Share guys who meet you everyday at the Buffet entrance. They wear golf shirts that say Royal on them and they bug you going in and out, but just say no and keep walking. You'll get sick of them after a few days. Also the language barrier I did find a problem at times. I don't expect the gardeners and cleaning staff to be able to speak to you, but certainly the Front Desk staff and Guest Services staff. They will try and do their best with a smile, but it might take a few trys to get what you want.Last thing, if you are a coffee lover Mikes Coffee is a must. If you aren't, you'll be a coffee lover by the time you leave.

Not bad, some issues. We stayed at the Sofitel New York on 2 occasions, from dec. 22 till dec. 27 and again from jan 1 till jan. 5.During these stays we had 3 rooms, 1 normal room and 2 Junior Suites.This hotel has smoking and non-smoking rooms (floors).The smoking rooms are located on floors 8 and 24.We requested a Junior Suite, Smoking, King bed.We got the suites we requested, but strangely enough there was a big difference between the Junios suites we had on our first stay on the 24th floor and the one we had on our second stay on the 8th floor.Both rooms had some maintenace issues, the doors that lead to the bedroom had bend handles on them. In our first suite the showerhead was not properly stuck on the wall of the shower but it worked.The suites were nice. The one on the 24th floor had a strange layout with a relatively bigg hall and a small living area. The one on the 8th floor was much better. Both rooms were a bit dark, brown and could use a little brightning-up with more lively colours, they were a bit depressive now.As i said, the suites were quite different, for example the suite on the 8th floor had nice plasma tv's when the suite on the 24th had really old-fashioned normal tv's.We were not really happy about the housekeeping. We left in the morning and hen we came back in the afternoon our suite still had to be cleaned. If we called for cleanup it would always take at least 1 hour, sometimes 1 1/2 hour to get somebody to make up our room. This is not acceptable in my opinion.We ate in the restaurant once, not bad but nothing really special. The bar was ok but al little expensive. We had breakfast once in the restaurant but prefered to go a few doors down on 45th street where a great new bagelshop had just opened (Milk Honey)When we came back for our second stay we arrived early in the morning (about 10 am). I asked if they might have a room available for us to rest and shower in until our suite would be ready (they said it would be ready at 5.00 pm, in reality it was 07.30 pm before we could get in our suite). At first nothing was available and that would mean waiting all day until our suite would be ready. After some stalking of the front desk a room was available at 12.00 am. This room was next to our suite. This was a normal king-room and it looked quite nice. Not much of a view (the same as for our suite) but that doesn't matter to me.Taking all into consideration this was a good stay, with a few minor issues, but looking at the rate we paid well woth it. We will stay here again when visiting New York.

A Touch of Class My wife and I stayed 4 nights, the Hotel was excellent, close to cable car,supertour lines picked up at the hotel . We also rented a car at the hotel for one day and drove down US1 to Monterery , what a beautiful drive . Get the 3 day pass to ride cable cars , street cars and buses for $ 15.00 each . The Bart system dropped us off close to the hotel for $4.95 each from the airport.Excellent securty and staff. We picked this Hotel from reading the reviews on Trip Advisor, We will return , Thank you .

An expirience Although its quite a shabby hostel, not the cleanest anyway, its location gives an amazing insight to Amsterdam. Located right on the canal of the central red light district it will certainly open your eyes. Myself and two friends stayed here for a week and although we were nervous of the surroundings at first it was perfectly comfortable and safe by a couple of hours. A reccommendation would definitely be to relax on the steps to the right of the hostel and watch the sights and characters go by.

Charming Property, Great Value, Highly Underrated The York Hotel is a wonderfully charming property, that is without a doubt highly underrated and great for the value. I booked my room via Expedia for $89, which included a free breakfast (didn't take advantage of that so I can't comment) as well as free Wifi. The York Hotel is about to begin a huge transformation into the Hotel Vertigo (it is one of the filming locations of Alfred Hitchcock's Vertigo), and I was given the model room, which was an already renovated room as a preview of what the new rooms will look like. For $89/night, I was blown away. Service wise, every staff member was kind and courteous, and willing to help with anything possible. The room was very modern, with an extremely comfortable bed, very modern nightstands, and a cool bathroom, as well. Beautiful plasma TV, the only thing that didn't work was the AC/heater. This was not a problem, as the window could be opened and closed and I quickly found a nice temperature. Since I can't comment on the current rooms, I'm not sure how applicable this review is to those visiting in the very near future, but if possible do request the model room and I'm sure you will not be disappointed. I enjoy the decor of places like The Clift of The W, and the room was definitely on a par with those properties.As other reviews say, yes, the walls are paper thin, but are nowhere near as big a problem as other people point out. Definitely not enough to keep you awake. Parts of the hotel that are already renovated are very chic and modern, others still have that old/floral design, but personally I didn't find this bothersome. The surrounding area, while a bit of a hike (let's say a 10 min walk) from Union Square was through a very interesting area (very artsy), I felt safe no matter what time of the day or night.I have no complains at all about this property, and while it certainly isn't a 5-star property like a Four Seasons or Ritz Carlton, it's a great option if you're on a budget but want something nice.

fair deal Nice size room for hong kong,sitting room is good idea,shower recess was different but had no problem (very large people may have trouble).room was cleaned to a good standard bed was a little hard but is the norm this part of world.Location is a little out of the way,but tram at door to underground10 mins away.breakfast was fine normal hotel buffet style could be improved with chef cooking eggs as ordered.try the tea house for dinner good food just around corner.tv channels limited and movie channel would be nice.not in tourist area but if your happy to travel that 10 mins is a good hotel to stay in.front desk staff and breakfast staff frindly and helpful.I enjoyed my stay at this hotel.

War Zone To say the hotel looks like a war zone is a little understatement. To say the staff is unhelpful is also an understatement. To say they could care less about the room tempertature ( two of the three rooms were never below 30), making airline confirmations, getting a shuttle to the airport would be right-on. We stayed in six hotels in Spain and Portugal in the same price range and this by far was the worst experience. This hotel should be avoided at all costs. Perhaps it will be better by 2008 !

Well worth the wait! After a long wait and numerous negative reviews, it was well worth it and I will keep it as short as I can and to the point as most of this you have already read.The rooms are very nice, clean and spacious. The open bathroom was never a problem and there were 7 of us in 4 different rooms aged 25-49. The food was good in all restaurants, especially the Asian. We went twice and had no problem getting a seat at the Hibachi. The first time we waited in line for a hour for the 6:30 seating and the second time we made reservations at 8:00 for the 9:00 sitting. There are 3 Hibachi grills, ask for Pedro, a young guy with a great sense of humour and an excellent cook. For breakfast, Felix's omlettes in the buffet are a must.The pools and beach are as beautiful as they come.The entertainment was as good as I've seen at any resort and is very professional. The costumes and acrobatics are as good as you will get without actually being in Vegas.The entertainment committee itself work very hard, especially John, Jose and Evelyn.We found the drinks somewhat inconsistant at the pool bar, however the Lobby Bar and Tantra bar made the best. Look for Sandra at the pool bar for the best drinks there.Overall the staff throughout the hotel were very friendly and helpful and work very hard.The only things we would like to see change are at the lobby were when cashing US travellers cheques, you can only get Pesos and when buying gifts whether at the resort or off, the price always seemed to be higher in Pesos than in US dollars.The other, we would have liked to see more music around the pool, even though it seemed to get better later in the week. I understand the whole ambiance thing, but the music just adds a little flavour.I would rate this resort a 4.5*, but that is not an option, so I picked 5, as they are not quite perfect, yet.A special thanks to John from the entertainment team for making the trip special.

good value for money Great value for money. Remember this is a 2 star hotel. Spacious rooms, light and clean. Nicely designed with ample bathrooms. There is a kitchenette with a small fridge, allowing you to stock some groceries and wine. In the morning the staff drops off fresh bread (the fridge was pre-stocked). There is a nespresso machine as well. All in all very good, the small staircase might be an issue when carrying a lot of luggage.

Loved Royal Service!!! I stayed at the Melia Caribe with my fiance for 10 days in August. We had a Master Suite in the Royal Service part of the hotel. I fully recommend Royal Service ... not sure if I would stay in the regular part of the hotel.Royal Service is just amazing! Our room was massive, with a jacuzzi and two plasma flatscreens. The buffet breakfast and lunch at the Gaby Restaurant (the Royal Service restaurant) is wonderful and MUCH better than the buffets in the main part of the hotel. The food is better and fresher, with more selection. The Royal Service pool is a giant step above the regular pool, with private huts abound and a nice little pool grill whipping up fresh food whenever you want (they even have a soft serve ice cream machine that is addicting!). You get pillow service every night where you choose the material and scent of your pillows. Royal Service has room service included, main part does not. There is also a bath butler who will draw your jaccuzi for you, with a flavor of your choice, and decorate it with flower petals. There is free internet in the Royal VIP Lounge (although it was down a few days). There are Royal Service golf carts all over the place to drive you around the hotel. One of the most convenient aspects of Royal Service is that you pretty much get whatever restaurant you want for dinner. Regular guests have to call at 7 am, and try day after day to get in the better restaurants which are always full. I never had a problem getting any restuarant (including Hokkaido, the best restaurant that is VERY tough to get a reservation at for the other guests ... we met people who had been trying all week).Some restaurants are better than others. Our favorites by far were Hokkaido (Hibachi style Japanese) and Ma Maison (French). The American Grill is horrible - everybody we spoke to agreed. Stay away! La Gondola (Italian) is not very good either. Capri (Seafood) is pretty good. La Hacienda (Mexican) was so-so. We didn't do the other restuarants because we ended up going back to Hokkaido and Ma Maison multiple times each! Everything in the Gabi is great as well.My fiance enjoyed the spa and the prices were reasonable for a resort spa. The beach is so-so. The water is a nice temperature and the sand is white, but there is quite a lot of seaweed compared to other Caribbean or South Pacific beach vacation spots. We took a fishing trip booked through the Scuba Caribe guys that was quite cheap ($80 pp). We caught a bunch of Mahi Mahi and almost reeled in a White Marlin. Sailing is free and it is fairly windy so it is fun. Tennis courts are nice and they'll give you rackets and balls. Didn't play golf but heard the course was nice, just extremely difficult to play in the heat.We thankfully avoided any bad illness or stomach problems. I had a horrible bout of stomach issues that passed in less than a day so I guess I was lucky. It wasn't pleasant and some other people definitely were sick, so its something to keep in mind. My fiance had no problems and the vast majority of the people we met were fine.Bring down LOTS of sunscreen and some medicine as they jack up the prices big time. If you need to buy stuff, go to the Tropical store ... it is a lot cheaper than the Caribe store.The shows at night are horrendous. We would just have a few drinks at one of the lobby bars after dinner, maybe go to the casino, then call it an early night and wake up early for the next beautiful day!So all in all, we really liked the hotel. The grounds are beautiful and it is very relaxing. But we would hesitate to stay in the main part of the hotel because of the difficulty getting in the good restaurants, the pool is loud and crowded, the buffets are not that good and the staff's English is much worse (although still not great in Royal Service).Hope this is helpful!

Great location and value My husband and I stayed at this hotel for 3 days during the middle of a 2 week trip to Italy. Thankfully we read other reviews and were able to locate the hotel which is on the third floor of an apartment building. The room was lovely with a view of the rooftops and recently updated. The location was excellent just steps from the Duomo. All the staff were very friendly and helpful. What was very nice is that there was a laptop we could use in the public area. There also was a bar/breakfast area with a happy drink hour in the evenings. We met several repeat guests who described feeling like this was their second home. We would highly recommend this hotel.

Wonderful Oasis in Puerto Rico! We loved this hotel! My partner and I stayed at the Wind Chimes Inn for seven nights at Christmas time and really loved the hotel, for many reasons. The hotel staff was warm and friendly, room small but most comfortable, food and drink at the hotel bar restaurant excellent, location terrific in hip and walkable Condado. There are many great features to the hotel, including a great pool, location, hours and laundry service (for $10 you leave your clothes in a heap and return to find them clean and folded neatly). We would highly recommend the hotel. Excellent value!

Overall very satisfied with hotel My partner and I stayed at the La Quinta hotel for price, location and consistency. The hotel is fairly well located, within 10 blocks to the Muni and Union Square. The location, however, also is in the midst of a lot of SRO hotels with homeless and strays, but they presented no real problems. The hotel was very comfortable and the room enjoyable, and an excellent price of $99/night (king room) in SFO. The hotel has a good restaurant, Mel's Diner (from LA) which is open nearly all night. We took the BART from SFO and exited at Civic Center, and didn't mind the walk to the hotel (go west 3 blocks to Van Ness and then turn right for 8-10 blocks), a better deal at $4.95/person versus shuttles. The BART plus walking took about an hour.Hotel staff very nice, room comfortable, breakfast good (although crowded and a bit chaotic) and overall a very pleasant stay.

More than adequate I first stayed at the Cathedral Hill -- it was then known as the Jack Tar -- nearly 40 years ago. I stayed in it again for two nights this month. The hotel was OK in the 1960s; it's still OK.Rooms are large and well kept. Bathrooms and closets are tiny (as were those in most hotels decades ago), but clean and supplied with the essentials -- including abundant hot water -- as well as an automatic coffee maker. A good-sized television set sits in a large cabinet with three or four large drawers.The Cathedral Hill has a good enough restaurant and a nice bar. On the patio (4th) floor there's a large Japanese garden that is a nice place for snacks, drinks, and just lounging about. (Some fourth floor rooms open directly onto the garden, or patio.)The hotel also has a newsstand and other shops. Parking is available; at US$22 a night -- not expensive by San Francisco standards (and the price allows unlimited ins-and-outs).Being at Van Ness and Geary, the Cathedral Hill is not located near San Francisco's main attractions; but the city is small enough that most are within a (somewhat long) walking distance. There are several decent restaurants in the area and Japantown, with the most reasonably priced sushi (and other dishes) in the city, is a five-minute drive away.

Fine Hotel, Fine Location The Cartwright is just four blocks from Union Square, with theaters and shopping nearby. Standard rooms (and bathrooms) are tiny but nicely appointed and well maintained. Parking is at a commercial lot a block and a half away; validated by the hotel, it is $25 a night. A decent, self-service breakfast is complimentary.

Beware of scam According to one clerk, a couple in a room near mine had complained of tobacco smoke and she had had to refund them one (1) night's lodging. A little later another clerk said he had refunded them two (2) nights' room-rent. That they couldn't get their stories straight was evidence of a scam. In either event, they insisted that I -- a non-smoker -- would be required to pay $250 for a clean up. This is a scam that would be outrageous even in New Delhi. (I refused to pay and will contest it if I find a charge on my AmEx bill.)Otherwise the motel is just all right. My room was clean and good-sized, though I've had larger bathrooms in Tokyo. Rooms facing Lombard Street -- about half of all rooms -- are noisy to the point of disturbing sleep. Though the inn advertises covered parking, fewer than two-thirds of the spaces are -- and even those are only partly under the building.

100% Perfect - Valley Wing is heaven on earth Seating area

My most expensive mistake Deluxe room

Simpy great Booked my room through priceline, and that's the way to do it. Check-in was smooth and friendly, and they even changed the room type (received a king instead of a double bed because of my height). Quiet and newly refurbished room, and even though the hotel was almost full, couldn't hear my neighbours. Bathroom is rather small, and shower head is only meant for small people (I had to kneel to wash my hair). Wireless internet is free in the room, and the concierge and desk people are very friendly. Location is great: cable cart within two blocks, fisherman's warf half an hour away by foot, and next door is Chinatown. It really is a great hotel if you don't pay rack rate.

great I have just spent a week in this hotel on business and I was a little worried after reading some of the reviews but I can honestly say it was one of the friendliest hotels I have stayed in and I have travelled all over the world. All the staff were attentive and the room I had (suite) was great, perhaps a little noisy but it is in a busy city ! If I had a complaint, it would be that they do not use the air con until May, so if you get hot like I did, you will have to open the window but be prepared to be bitten big time by the mosquitoes !

What a great place to stay! I stayed at this hotel for 7 days in mid-November, and it was one of the greatest hotel experiences that I have had in a long, long time.The desk staff and the bell staff are very friendly and very helpful. The breakfast buffet each morning was great too, although I did get a bit sick of prossuttio after awhile. There are plenty of options at breakfast though to help you change things up each morning.The rooms were bright and clean and well kept. I had a nice bed to sleep on, the bathroom was a good size, the shower worked great. They even turned down your bed each night which I thought was a nice touch. I also had a bowl of fresh fruit in my room when I checked in.This hotel is reasonably close to the train station. You shouldn't need to catch a cab as long as you do not have alot of luggage. I would definitely stay here again, and I would recommend this hotel to anyone.

2 star hotel, 4 star service! We have just returned from a 3 night break at the Europa. The staff couldn't be more helpful, as was seen from all the positive comments in the visitors book on leaving.I was a little worried about the proximity of the hotel to a main road (Via Cavour) on arriving, but all the rooms are at the the back and very quiet. You open the windows on waking up, and all you can hear is the sound of swifts flying around (well, at least until the workmen start on the ongoing renovation on the 2nd floor around 8am - which was OK)!The location of the hotel is absolutely brilliant, just a few minutes from the Duomo, so close to pretty much anything you want to see in central Florence.The corridors and main rooms have been very attractively done, and give the hotel a great ambience character. Miriam the receptionist was more than happy to pre-book tickets and reserve tables even before we arrived in Italy so that we did not even have to engage our brains but could just kick back and enjoy our trip without the hassle.

Beautiful small hotel WITH NO MANAGEMENT!!! I have reviewed hotels on this site before, so this is one that I almost let slip until I read of other people's problems. This property is managed by PACIFIC EQUITIES ( ANGELOS KOLOBOTOS-PRESIDENT). I saw an ad in a local paper renting rooms at a building they manage called Villa Soma. I called the number listed. A very friendly man (Angelos) answered the phone. He told me that the manager at that property was about to go home, but to come to the hotel, and he would take care of the rental. He told me that he would put me up at the Nob Hill for the night and then charge-back the price if I decided to rent the room. I loved the nice but small rooms.I had to pay cash for the room I rented for 3 weeks, plus a $200.00 deposit.To this day, April 7, 2005. I have not recieved my deposit back or has my credit card been charged back the one night at the hotel. This man is clever. Let's just rip off the tourist. He is extremely friendly, while taking you for a ride. I laughed at the continental breakfast, as was described in another review. The staff has no training and is oblivious to what appears to be a nice hotel. San Francisco is a beautiful city, which I call home. It hurts to default a beautiful building because of poor ,or should I say no management. There are a lot of small wonderful hotels in the city. Try them and enjoy what this city has to offer.

Stay for the atmosphere and people It really is too bad this hotel is located where it is, smack in the middle of downtown San Francisco. That means you'll encounter a lot of homless persons, and some of them can be downright rude. I never felt unsafe with the alcoholics and beggars, as I'm used to much worse in Oslo, Norway. But there were a lot of them, that is true.The hotel building is very nice, and has a lot of style. I have travelled a lot in the US, and it is one of the more charing hotels I've seen as for the style. It is nice to stay a place where there is actual history and the staff don't brag about columns dating all the way back to 1970.The biggest asset of this hotel is clearly the staff. They are very friendly and professional. The evening concierge went out of his way to help me find a decent Chinese take out place and provided menus. The front staff were effective and friendly, as were the maids. Unlike other hotels in the US, they actually followed the on the rack, don't take it back rule but left the towels there to be reused.The bath was very small but very clean, much newer than the rest of the room and with nice accessories for soap, shampoo etc. My double queen size room was small, but stylish. Also, something that people often forget, the roof was very tall. This means better air and a more spaceous feeling in the room.After evaluating the neighbourhood during the day and observing at night I walked outside in Market St. and was not harassed by any of the numerous beggars. But I can see how some might feel uncomfortable. No biggie, San Fran has good public communication and they are right outside the hotel door. Very nice.If I have to complain about something, I'd say the hotel room needs new doors. They show their age more than anything else there. Also, they do not provide a lot of noise insulation so there's some noise from the hallway. But I had no general noise problems aside from that. The WiFi was a bit flakey, and the parking was very expensive at $28 per night plus tax. That, however, included unlimited valet.

Nice hotel, need to iron out some faults The Hotel 1898 is located in the former buildings of the Philippines Tobacco agency of Spain, a trading company. This makes for a truly nice and genuine old building, where the insides have been ripped out and redone completely. Absolutely everything inside is new, including the newly carved out parking garage.We arrived to check in without any problems, after first having some quarrel with the GPS. The street La Rambla is not a valid GPS destination for this hotel, after calling the hotel we were told the street address is Pintor Fortyun 1, and the GPS guided us to the front door.The location is on the main tourist street in BCN, apart from the scores of cheap-flight tourists hanging around the location can't be more perfect in BCN.After check in we ordered parking for the car a bit pricey at 23 night. But the garage is right under the hotel, amazing for such an old building and I was guided in by the bellhop. The room is probably too small for its price category, but very tall and nicely done. Very clean, and always magically cleaned when we were out. The A/C was found inside the closet not difficult to find but a bit difficult to read the screen. After shivering through the night with an overzealous A/C I decided to read the manual and discovered how to run it proper.Room was quiet, apart from some low hallway noise. Not a nuisance.There's plenty of channels on the TV, but not all of them were as according to the manual. Nice to have Fox Series to watch in the evening after the spa.We did not feel the 20 was a good enough value to eat in the hotel.On the roof is one of the major assets of this hotel, a smallish pool and a very nice bar. The pool is good for a dip in the heat and there is several beds along the rooftop. Ample amounts of towels and a complimentary bathrobe makes the lack of changing area near the pool a non-issue.In the bar, there's no a lot of perfection, in spit of the staff effort. They are courteous and friendly, but not very professional. Also, the drinks are very off on the recipe, like the strawberry daiquiri. Nice selection of cheeses on a plate along with a bottle of good red wine is a much better bet in the not very comfortable large divans. The spa in floor -1 is nice, with a warm and comfortable spa pool. Steam sauna is still out of order, and the Finnish sauna was not hot enough at 70 degrees Celsius and low humidity.At the business centre, there's the usual Americans hogging the computers chatting along with home base in Kentucky or where ever but fortunately there is enough of them to go around. I had to print, sign and fax a contract in the evening and none of these actions were an issue. WiFi in the room was very slow and needed a login and password from the desk to function.All in all, this is a 4/5 because there's some issues that need to be corrected. They have an almost perfect building and location but partly fail on details and prices. This does not mean that the hotel should be avoided, however.

What else is there to say? Very nice hotel, excellent location. Yes, many of the rooms are on the small side (especially compared with the USA) but big enough unless you have lots of luggage. Useful list of recommended nearby restaurants in the hotel room brochure. Our favourite was the Haesje Claes - the menu included in the brochure shows only a tiny sample of what's on offer there. One tip: think carefully before buying an IAmsterdam card - you will need to be pretty busy to make it worthwhile, and nearly all the main sites are within walking distance.

Loved teh hotel d'Albe A small hotel right in the middle of the action in Paris's Latin Quarter. (excellent location). A good fun district, and within walking distance of many major attractions.Some rooms are very small but we were fortunate to get a small so-called 'suite' with room for three (with only two staying). Corridors were amazingly narrow.Beds were very comfortable, and the windows double glazed, mainly for soundproofing from the people crowded streets below. Breakfast dining room not recommended, and it was more fun to eat at the pattisserie right next door.The man on the front desk was very helpful, but a female person was not so good.Recommeded.Geoff H , Noosa, Australia

Lovely!!! My wife and I stayed here based solely on recommendations from Trip advisor. We had five days here and I have to say it was fantastic.The hotel had organised a limo to pick us up from the airport - most welcome after a 15 hour flight - and from there we never looked back. The room was large and clean, breakfast was healthy and fresh and the recommendations of the owner / manager were all spot on (especially the secret cocktail bar at the top end of the street!!!).We would definitely go back as the location was perfect close enough to the city to walk, but far enough away to experience true Sydney life.

A bit Pricey at the Biltmore for a non golfer Nice grounds

Nice Hotel, Poor Service This is a good place for the money to stay near the airport. There is a lot of construction around Sky Harbor so it is a little tricky with the black letters on white signs to see where to turn and they are set back a little from the road. So if you get turned around you can be hunting a while. We finally found this hotel, and while we were hunting we called and honestly I let the phone ring until it times out each time with your party is not answering. Well I think it should be embarassing to any hotel chain when a customer is in line in your lobby to check in, finally gets up, is holding the cell phone in their hand and has to ask the clerk why he is not answering the phone and you have been standing there calling the hotel to see if anyone ever answers. I asked him if he knew what that sound was... The next morning at checkout, the response from the daytime manager was he was probably out smoking when you tried to call for directions, the only problem was there was another woman there who they claimed was a trainee, apparently they had not gotten so far as to the phone. I would have likely knocked $20 off my bill for the frustration; but if you don't have to, then you don't have to. The Hilton across the way has a very nice lounge (none at the SLepp Inn) and my burger was good as well. The rooms were nice, clean, quiet and comfortable, now if they could hire staff for the hotel you'd be all set!

I enjoyed the stay very much Axel advertises itself as a gay hotel, and the clientele did seem to be mostly gay men (of all ages). However, it is in a quiet but very central location in the city, and the hotel is comfortable enough to suit most open-minded travellers. It is just 10-15 minutes' walk away from the main hustle and bustle of Las Ramblas and Placa Catalunya, and there are quite a few gay bars and restaurants within one or two blocks of the hotel. The staff are also very friendly and helpful.Sure, I have to admit that the reception area seemed small and the decor at the entrance didn't grab my attention straight away. But the room was simply but stylishly furnished, and there were plenty of unusual and pleasantly surprising touches (such as the unlimited free bottles of chilled water on each floor, and complimentary packs of condoms among the designer toiletries in the bathroom!)The rooftop terrace seemed to be a focal point for many of the guests. There were a jacuzzi/hot tub, a swimming pool, a small gym, sundeck, and a rooftop bar serving drinks and cocktails. On a nice summers day, it was very easy to meet and chat with other travellers, and the atmosphere was friendly and relaxed. On different nights of the week, there were various events and the rooftop bar became a stylish drinking venue for non-hotel-guests as well. The hotel also had a restaurant on the ground level, which other hotel guests highly recommended (although I didn't get to dine there).

Great hotel in a fantastic neighbourhood I have just stayed at the Villa Mazarin for one week, and would definitely stay there again in the future. Sure, the hotel wouldn't suit everybody. If you want a bar, breakfast room, room service, plenty of amenities, or a quiet, leafy neighbourhood, this hotel is not for you. It is a boutique hotel with a very discreet entrance (blink and you would miss it) in a very hip area of Paris. The front entrance is locked most of the the time, and you need to be buzzed in by the receptionist. You walk past the reception desk in a narrow hallway, and into a small central courtyard to go up to the rooms. There is no bar or restaurant, and breakfast is delivered to your room directly (although there are plenty of options in the multitude of cafes around the hotel). However, the rooms are very comfortable and pleasant, and comparatively spacious for the price you pay. I had a room on the second floor facing rue des Archives, but there wasn't too much noise from the street. The reception staff (all the ones that I interacted with) were polite, friendly, efficient and helpful, and all spoke very good English - and there was a personal level of service that many bigger hotels lack (e.g. whenever I got back to the hotel, I rarely had to tell the front desk my room number before they handed me my room key - even new staff members that I hadn't met before knew which room I was in!) I initially felt a little awkward when I was heading back to the hotel in the early hours of the morning after a fun Friday night at the bars and clubs, wondering what Monsieur at the front desk would think or say ... there was no need to worry really, as he couldn't have been more friendly or courteous when I pressed the buzzer at the front door. The hotel is located in a street with good restaurants, brasseries, cafes, and quite a few gay bars (you wouldn't feel at ease staying in the area if you're prudish about gay people). However, it is not a gay hotel, as the clientele is remarkably diverse, with families, young couples (straight and gay), younger and older singles, elderly tourists, etc. It is across the road from the very popular BHV department store (which has a separate building for men, and another smaller store for pets!). It is around the corner from the Hotel de Ville metro station - and five minutes walk down to the Seine. Centre G. Pompidou, Chatelet and Forum des Halles are about 10 mins walk away - that area is a bit too hectic for my liking. And the beautiful and tranquil place des Vosges as well as the boutiques and interesting shops in the Marais are very close by also.All in all, a very good hotel experience!

Good value for Madrid This is a great boutique hotel which compares very favorably to higher starred establishments in Madrid. The location is very central - just steps away from the Opera metro station and the Palacio Real, and about 10 minutes' walk from the Gran Via and Sol. However, it is situated in a narrow, quiet street. I had a standard room, but it was clean and spacious with a rather large bathroom. A decent breakfast was included in the price, and served buffet-style in the breakfast room (until noon on weekdays, and 1 pm on weekends - suitably civilized hours for a vacation in Madrid!). Reception staff were young, but very helpful and friendly, and spoke perfect English. Sure, there was no restaurant or bar or swimming pool or gym - but all the night life, sights, and restaurants were only moments away from the hotel. I had friends who were staying in a much more expensive boutique-style hotel nearby, and Mario room-mate was in no way inferior to their accommodation. If catching a cab to the Hotel, just ask the driver to stop at the Teatro Real (Opera House) or it is just as convenient to get the metro to Opera. This hotel chain is opening a new establishment in Chueca (Oscar Room-mate). It wasn't quite ready to open when I was in town, but it looked great from the outside.

Very highly recommended Wonderful hotel in fantastic position on Los Ramblas. Would recommend it unreservedly. Stayed for 5 nights in August and thoroughly enjoyed it. Bedroom was a decent size with very good air conditioning and beautifully designed. We upgraded online and I would guess that the cheapest rooms are quite small. Ground floor reception/lounge/bar area excellentRooftop pool area with spectacular views over city. Another (indoor) pool and gym in basementFree internet access Starbucks next door

We are lucky to have this hotel in SF We have stayed here on several occaisions this past year and were never disappointed. The staff is very attentive but low-key. The hotel is well maintained. The rooms are quiet and well appointed. The location is superb. Overall its a great value. It can take time to get your car if you want it between 10 and 11 AM. We look forward to the completion of repairs that will bring elevator #2 back on line. For those who complained about slow checkout, maybe the hotel should offer checkout through the TV like some other hotels do. Wes, you need to lighten up a little on your reaction to some of these reviews. You can't please everyone, but based on this website, you come awful close to it. Keep up the good work.

Great Hotel, Great Location Hotel LKF is located in the Lang Kwai Fong entertainment district. The hotel was quite trendy with comfortable rooms. I was really impressed with the size of the flat screen TV provided in the room that I stayed at. The room was spacious and comfortable offering all of the normal amenities. The only downside to this hotel is there is no sports gym attached to the hotel. It is a 5 minute walk to the California Sports Club which the hotel has a relationship with. Mornings were not busy. I would recommend this hotel for both business and pleasure.

Great Views but.......... The Ritz -Carlton, Tokyo I must say has if not the best views of any hotel in the city. The location of the hotel is great. Located near major business districts. Rooms were comfortable. I was suprised though at the level of service. Paying almost 1000 USD for the room for a night I thought the service level was average. Being on the Club Floor I was surprised at how little interaction there was with the staff. I thought they would be a little more helpful during the stay. Overall, if it weren't for the views I wouldn't pay that much money again for the room. The service level of the staff could be brought up a little higher.

Reasonable value for money Hotels in SF are not cheap,and room sizes are not overly big,so a pretty tiny room for $180 was no big surprise. Valet parking for $40 per night seems a bit steep,but at least the service was efficient and quick.Overall the Tuscan Inn is a nice hotel. very clean,well maintained,with efficient,if not overly friendly service. the couple of faults with room features were fixed very quickly,which was a nice change from the interminable wait often suffered in European properties.The hotel makes a big thing of the coffee/bisc service in the morning,and this is quite nice. I'd say that,as far as the evening (5 to 6 ) wine service is concerned,if you happen to be in the hotel,it's fine. But not worth rushing back from a day out for.Breakfast was OK,but expensive. Much better option is Pats Cafe,just round the corner nr the cable car terminus.

A great Hotel We stayed three nights at the Casablanca. We really researched a lot of hotels before choosing this one and we were not disappointed. Its location just off Times Square puts you right in the centre of Manhattan perfectly placed for sightseeing and yet once inside the hotel it is quiet and very comfortable.We requested a quiet room and they obliged us. Our room on the 5th floor was at the back of the Hotel so no view but we were grateful as it was so quiet at night. The room was a reasonable size with a comfortable Queen bed.The Hotel staff are very friendly and helpful, The continental breakfast included in the price is very good and a very nice touch is the free cheese, wine, coffee etc from 5.00 pm to 7.00 pm.The interior is Moroccan style and very clean and well deocrated and we would highly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting New York.

If you don't like timeshare touts give this resort a miss Graham Lin, Worcester, EnglandMy wife and I stayed from 19th. April, 2007 till 4th. May, 2007.The hotel is very spacious and open, perhaps they removed too many trees when they built it compared to ther resorts along the coast. The beach also is very open, with the sunshades offering little shade even when properly roofed. No shortage of beds though. The beach bar was excellent with Omar providing real entertainment, when you get to know him.The beach is wide, and one can walk for miles in either direction from the hotel quite safely. Take a couple of bottles of water with you though.The main areas of the hotel are kept spotless and there is always someone in view with a broom or mop. The pool areas are particularly well furnished. Two very large swimpools, a light smattering of jacuzzis, and two swim up bars, more than enough to keep the pool persons happy.Toilets throughout the resort were generally very clean and well maintained even with the large volume of usage.The nearby golf course and clubhouse is well worth a visit, although only a 9 hole course at the minute plans are for a full 18 soon. Just a ten minute walk from the front of the hotel.Restaurants on the resort were average with the beach restaurant the best by far,followed by the Italian and Mexican, neither the Italian, Mexican or Route 66 seemed big enough to satisfy the demand. It was difficult to get into some of the restaurants on occasions, and a waiting system did not always work as we were left until it was almost too late. We had been forgotten about, but an apology was given and accepted.The main buffet restaurant was very good with a good variety of offerings most times, with the breakfast omelettes a must to try.In the buffet restaurant one evening we had a tour of the kitchens to collect our food and they were absolutely spotless, a novel idea which can only be rated as a good move.Mike`s Coffee is the 'jewel in the crown' of the resort, and they do a mean Irish and Caribbean liqueur coffee, together with every other coffee or tea you can think of. The little biscuits/cakes are very tasty and we whiled away many a happy hour in there.As for evening time, there seemed to be an ongoing contest between the nightly show and the acts in the lobby bar to see who could be the loudest. The lobby entertainment which varied consisted of male or female vocalists, or a very capable saxophonist and keyboard player, and they all insisted on amplifiers, which magnified the sound way beyond what was needed, so much so you could not hold a quiet conversation anywhere in the lobby, except between tunes. We often sat outside 'Mike's' where the noise became background music as it should be.This hotel does not provide a quiet place in the evening where people can sit in easy comfy chairs with a bar, perhaps some background music, to just chill out, and enjoy the company of new friends.Our room was well furnished, and the maid maintained it without fault for the whole fortnight, we did help her focus her mind though with a daily tip and treat. Lighting in the rooms is very poor, so don`t bother trying to read in the room before sleep time.Hot water was also an issue on occasions, but with a spa bath in every room the call upon hot water must have been huge.On our departure date a 4 hour delay in travel was posted the day before, and we were being kept on resort. We all made enquiries with the hotel to be able to pay the $10 per hour charge to keep our rooms but none were successful. The reception staff were most unhelpful, and very abrupt. We managed with the use of a courtesy room for half an hour.Our main gripe relates to the Timeshare people, they replaced the mosquito as enemy number one. They are in your face from the moment you arrive to the time you leave. Try ignoring them and they make snide remarks, tell them no and they follow you, you have to be as insistent you are not interested as they are persistent in trying to sucker you in. Perhaps a sticker on the wrist band to say that you have been zapped by them or are not interested in being zapped by them might be a way forward. Most resorts have these people but in this case they are easily the worst, and provide my wife and I with more than enough reason to never go to this resort again. I am saddened to say that the star rating flatters this resort somewhat, and I find it difficult to assess who it is better suited to other than people who like noise from breakfast to bedtime, with the evening time being the most difficult.My wife and I enjoyed our holiday very much, and we met some very nice people, but all things considered (even without the timeshare people) this resort is not for us. Back to the Melia Caribe or the drawing board.

Just Average A very average stay. This is a nothing special hotel. We had a room with a private balcony and the outside doors had a gap between the floor and the door so you could hear everything outside. Not a huge deal as it is the quarter and you are dealing with old buildings. I will say though that the gap between the floor and the room door leading to the hallway is HUGE! We're talking about an inch here people. Walking down the hall you can hear everything that goes on in each room.No ceiling fan in my room which I have gotten used to in the quarter. The TV is on the smaller side and old. They need to upgrade. On the positive side it is close to all the action of Bourbon and is nicely decorated. If you spend under $100/night then it's worth it. Otherwise keep on looking. This is a bland choice, you can do better.

Great Hotel in Midtown As others have said this is a great hotel in Midtown, 2 minutes from the subway between Maddison and Lexington. Welcoming and helpful staff, great and spacious room, we had a Terrace! Im not telling which room number as you will all want it! The breakfast, the afternoon cookies, all day coffee, tea and the wine and cheese from 5 - 8pm couldnt be faulted. We had the Super Shuttle from JFK which was fine. But the hotel said that they had had trouble with them on occasions so recommended a taxi on return. On leaving at 4.45am, the clerk called a taxi for us and an older Lincoln towncar drew up. I think the driver was a friend of the porter. A fee was agreed $60 and we were wisked, a bit too fastly wisked to JFK in under 25 minutes! You may decide to try different transport. We will definately use this hotel again on returning to NYC

The Best Hotel in London There is a reason why this hotel was voted so high up on the 100 Greatest Hotels in the world. I cant say enough good things about this hotel. My wife and I stayed here for our wedding anniversary and it was a great experience.The best feature of the hotel is the staff. EVERYONE went out of their way to make you feel welcomed. Chantal and Antoinette were exceptional, friendly and responsive to all our needs. The morning breakfast really was great with many things to choose from. The Library is a nice quiet area to relax. Free high speed internet is located in each room and the rooms arer nicely decorated. The room was a tad small but if that is the worst I can say then that is saying something. The hotel restaurant in the connecting hotel the Rubens was a bit pricey so we traveled over to the connecting B Bar. The food and service in the B Bar was absolutely great. The hotel is located near Victoria Station so you can take the Gatwick Express and walk two blocks. The central area to all attractions is a big plus. Again I cant say enough about how truly amazing this hotel is. I highly recommend it to anyone looking for perfection!

Colonial Charm Be prepared for a treat!!!My girl friend and I stayed three nights at the Fullerton and found it a great place. It was reasonably priced (and we managed to get Buffet Breakfast included) at $260 AUD per night - for weekend nights and $380 per night for weekday nights.We stayed in a courtyard room and it was a good size. Well set up for business travellers (altho' I had dumped the lap top for our short break). The rooms have the tallest beds I have ever seen! Magnificent bathroom, huge shower, separate toilet and double bath.The food was excellent, and just a 5 min walk away are many great eateries, great historic sites (Raffles Landing). Taxi's were in abundance at the front door. And you can get a water taxi for a few dollars just at the back of the hotel.The staff were always smiling and only too willing to help.The hotel facilities are excellent and its worth spending time and exploring the hotel. Some beautiful Chinese antiques can be seen.Oh the pool is excellent, great to destress in.The Fullerton used to be the site of the post office and the upper floors were business offices. $400Million Singapore dollars have been spent on renovations (The outside of the building is 'heritage listed' and cannot be altered - thank goodness) and each room is a different in layout. I cant wait to go back!!!!Hints;The concierge area have visitors maps available and will help with directions.You can get late checkout until 2pm. Normal checkout is 12.Luggage can be left with the concierge in a locked area.The in house laundry facilities are pricy but prompt.If you fly Singapore Airlines keep your boarding card stub and you can get cheap all day bus travel.Be ready to be baffled by the taxi charging system!Be careful when getting a taxi - the mercedes charge limo prices.Go to the Esplanade (a few minutes walk)Oh just go and be pampered!!! Its great!!

wonderful celebration I picked this hotel due to the reviews on this site. Amazingly all my expectations were met and more.We spent 3 nights at the Pulitzer and it was wonderful. The staff were very friendly and helpful, the breakfast was included and great. We enjoyed a beautiful meal in the restaurant and were disappointed that it only has limited opening. This is a wonderful boutique hotel; the rooms are a bit small but wonderfully laid out, decorated and maintained. The roof top terrace is fantastic for relaxing in the late summer/early autumn evenings.My wife and I can fully recommend the romantic celebration. It was a bit of fun which added to the celebration of our 20th wedding anniversary. It is a lovely touch and well worth the small charge.While we did have a problem, the staff and management worked to resolve it and in the end we were satisfied with how it was handled.Overall this is an excellent hotel and I cannot recommend it highly enough; location, cleanliness, quality, all in all a wonderful base from which to enjoy Barcelona.

AS GOOD AS THEY SAY!! Two nights here on 16th - 18th November out of Newcastle ... on recommendation from TripAdvisor reviews (of course...) Easy to find thanks to directions on this site Airport bus to Plaza de Catalunya (you can pay on bus .. the ticket machine next to the stop at the airport Terminal 1 didn't take our banknotes, and there's no English help here ..Facing the Corte Ingles store, go left 2.5 blocks to the BIG road Gran Via, and then go right two blocks .. look for the red flag hanging above the doorway .. ring the bell, go through the small door into the entrance, turn the light on the wall to the r!ight and up the stairs to reception where a friendly smile and your keys to your room await you.We usually stay modern, this was like stepping back in time and in high society .. there were antiques everywhere, grand cabinets, tall ceilings, beautiful objects and antiques mixed with hi-tech plasma tv in the small lounge and fascinating things laid out on hall tables. Amazing.We stayed in Romm 101, my sister and her husband in room 104.101 was cute, small, comfortable, with lovely low slung beds with huge fancy headboards complementing the tall mirrored wardrobe , and the small balcony overlooking La Gran Via (road) .... the traffic was pretty constant apart from Sunday morning, but if you close the shutters, then the door and the curtains, we slept very well indeed, with an occasional background hum or police siren.Bathroom is tiny, modern and clean with a toilet and shower only and there's a small LCD television and CD player on the wall of the bedroom.We found the matress comfortable indeed and both slept very well each evening, though we had eaten like kings close by during the afternoon and the evening with a few few glasses of wine or beer which may have helped. Room 104 is definitely bigger and brighter as it empties onto the communal (shared by four aprtments / rooms of the Hostel)We will return!

Great Value at the Agon Opera The hotel is situated directly opposite the airport bus stop, a real bonus. Kurfurstendamm is a main shopping street and has many shops and restaurants in the vicinity. There is a subway station about 150 metres away and the S bahn station Savigny is about 500 m away. These allow for easy travel to all of Berlin`s sights. The hotel has a nice breakfast room on the top floor, which can get crowded, but the breakfast is excellent. Rooms are clean, quiet and comfortable and the staff are generally friendly and helpful. This hotel is great value, I would definately stay there again

OK but not great Stopped 3 nights at the end of March 2005. The hotel is located right on the edge of China Town, one block away from the Financial District. The Financial District is very smart whilst this hotel is in the slightly seedy China Town district. I think the hotel would like to think it is in the Financial District but it is not. It is on Kearney Street that also houses a Subway sandwich shop, a chinese supermarket and an adult video store.The staff at the hotel are very helpful except for housekeeping. I asked for extra pillows but was told that there was a shortage so I couldn't have any.The room was quite small but was clean and tidy and had a great view. The roof pool was nice, if a bit cold. There was no changing facilities next to the pool so we had to travel back to the room wet via the lift.All in all, this is not a bad hotel but I do think $32 per night parking is a bit steep.If you go to China Town, eat at the Great Eastern on Washington Street. This was a tip by the Bellboy and was very good and reasonably priced.

very dependable business hotel' great for price!!! I've stayed at this hotel off and on for over 3yrs now, when going into SFO for business.Sheratons as a whole are always a mixed bag; it is the one Starwood brand that doesn't really have a good definition. Sometimes they are very fancy and lush, sometimes they are very budget feeling.This is a very nice hotel, that if located in SanFrancisco proper, would cost well over $250/nt.This property is right outside the airport, within walking distance of one of the best restaurants in the area (Kincaid's), as well as short drive to at least 5 or 6 others, ranging from El Torito to Max's Opera Cafe. It is at least 20min from the city itself though.Place is clean, nice rooms, great bar, and you are on the Bay with walking paths everywhere. It's hidden out of the way a bit, but is a great value for the money.

if you can afford it, hard to beat Stayed there several times when was a 4Seasons, and once since became a Fairmont.Lovely property, almost a bit overdone (as 4seasons tend to be).Fantastic oyster restaurant on the property - Shuckers.Great location, walking downtown area.Great rooms, great service. Main drawback is that it's also one of the most expensive properties in town, and for the money, might want to look at unique Seattle properties like the EdgeWater.

Great little hotel, good price, potentially rough location I stayed here based on the reviews I read on Tripadvisor, plus my knowledge of San Francisco.Everything I read was true, so be aware.For a ridiculously low rate, you will stay in a wonderful little boutique hotel. You can pre-negotiate room costs parking with them; I got free parking in downtown plus a nice room for $105.Parking at most hotels is $35-$40 in and of itself.The hotel is cute, small, nice.The location will make or break it for you.It is 3blocks from UnionSquare, one of the nicest and most visited parts of SanFrancisco.In 2blocks the other direction, it is some of the roughest parts of Market.So, go one way, you're in super tourist white light land, the other, and it people smoking dope and sleeping in the street.If you're used to living in a big city, won't bother you. If you're not, it will freak you out.For the money, I don't think there's a better hotel in SanFrancisco.

Great place, beach a bit lacking This is a great hotel. The rooms are fab: huge beds, lovely balcony, great aircon (which is vital), the pool is gorgeous- tree lined and lit up at night and the staff are really friendly. It's quiet whihc is good if you're looking for that type of thing and is definitely more families and couples. It also doubles as a Spa and they do great massages.I'd recommend the pick up from the airport as it's pretty mental when you land in Bali.The location is the only slight downside. Your are pretty close to the airport whihc is convenient but isn't apparent as it's so quiet.It's about a 5 min taxi ride from here into Central Kuta (which cost next to nothing) but there are a few bars and restaurants nearby. The beach isn't great here. It's a good 15-20 min walk round to the more golden sands of Kuta or ataxi ride.

Not very exciting honestly Lantau island is pretty amazing, extremely beautiful tropic misty greenery mountains paradise heaven. Shame that Silvermine Resort just don't match all this beauty level.First of all - to reach any destination on Lantau island by taxi from HK Airport is relatively fast pleasant but only light-blue taxis are allowed within the island so ask taxis reception stand clerk at airport taxis parking to call for light-blue car as they are very few and you even don't spot any at taxis parking - only red green ones (prohibited to go to Lantau).Hotel located on bay beach which is quite small almost no space for bathing. The building rooms are dreadfully shabby outdated, you don't feel any relaxing vacation pleasure from this place. Sincerely I was a beat shocked how worn-out low-key it was. I've read reviews on this site before my holidays but they don't reflect all the reality unfortunately. It's better not to behave as total miser, spend $20 more per night have nice modern accommodation somewhere on HK island - it's not so awfully overcrowded or noisy or something as you may think before visiting HK.Breakfast is not edible, disappointing.However staff in Silvermine is trying noticeably to improve your feelings, they are very helpful friendly.

Great end to our holiday at the JW Marriott SF View from the room on the 18th floor (2)

Nice hotel - just so big! Note that I'm a Marriott Platinum member (I stay 100+ nights/year in Marriotts so my experience might not be typical)Stayed here for the start of a 3 day holiday around California. First impressions were very good, a busy lobby (busy any time of day as I later noticed) - swift check-in (even though we arrived a few hours before the standard check-in time due to our flight arrival time. Had a room on about the 18th (Conceirge) floor, had a nice view down onto the convention centre below where they were putting up tents for Oracle World (A convention) in a small park. The room was small but cosy, lovely Marriott bed (as always) and a reasonable size bathroom. The TV was a nice high definition one which you could enjoy from your bed easily and also swivelled. Other than that nothing special - would be ideal for business but probably not a luxary stay. The concerige lounge was nice enough, though surprisingly busy, had a nice view of the same park and a nice breakfast.We also tried to go to 'The view', the bar on the top floor of the hotel, but it was too busy (We had chosen about 8pm on Saturday) - but it looked nice and quite dramatic, would have been nice to have an informal drink here before dinner I'd have thought. Finally, we also used the pool - it wasn't busy at all (we were the only ones there), although it wasn't that warm. Strangely all the people on the 4th-6th floors can look into the pool area. More to mind, if this hotel has 1,500 rooms then the pool can only accomodate about 15 people easily, so, it could get crowded. Sadly the jacuzi wasn't working on our trip - but the same concept applies in that it is small for so many people.On our last day we picked up a car from Hertz in the lobby - easy and simple though we were surprised that there was a compulsory $10 fee for the valet to pick it up (normally this is why you pay extra for Hertz for a hotel pickup?), but, leaving was then easily acomplished straight onto the street - though the valet parking is hidden away inside the hotel so you can load/unload rather than being on the street as with other hotels in the area.I also stayed at the JW Marriott during the same trip, as it is smaller I would prefer that for any future stay - though if going to the Moscone convention centre, as this Marriott is right next door to it, that would be an ideal place to stay, or for business, rather than a special holiday.

Stayed here on recommendation and wasn't disappointed My wife and I stayed here for a single night as we wanted to get out of LA easily the next day down Highway 1 - I'm a Marriott platinum member so tend to get better treatment than the average guest so bear this in mind with my review. I was staying on points and had read about this hotel on tripadvisor/other sites as being one of the best in LA - hence deciding to stay here for the night in question - we we're disappointed.Arrived and found the hotel easily, put our car into the parking garage (cost about $23/night with check in/out privileges). Check-in was a breeze, pleasant receptionist thanking me for choosing their hotel etc, made me feel very at home and happy. Lobby also looked nice.Our room was on the club floor (11), and had a nice view of the airport (as requested prior to check-in so that was noted and acted upon). The room had a nice flat screen high def TV and the usual great Marriott bed. Felt at home and enjoyed the nice bathroom too -although huge disappointment that later in the evening there was no hot water, so no bath, we didn't report the problem though as we didn't want to watch someone fixing it late in the evening. It was working by the next day.We had arrived a little late (~8pm) and after freshening up went to the club lounge to try 'deserts', which were very tasty (and free). The prices in the club lounge aren't cheap I admit, but, the offer of cocktails for about $9 isn't too bad for this class of hotel imho, whilst you can enjoy watching the planes land.For food there wasn't anything nearby apart from a Burger King across the road, as such we asked in the club lounge for a recommendation for a nice Italian. They gave us a name of one a short drive away - it was tasty, and it was also Zagat rated we noticed, so definitely a positive recommendation from the staff.Next morning we checked out and left, but, had a good time overall and if I was near LAX in the future I'd try and stay here.

Nice, but pricey. Much preferred our time in San Juan I arrived early with my wife for a conference the first week of December. We enjoyed the hotel -- lovely facility and grounds, nice comfortable rooms, sufficient work out facility. We're not big beach resort people and were glad we rented a car in San Juan (although driving in Puerto Rico traffic is not for the timid!). Food: Count me with the reviewers who say that pricing was brutal. $25 for the breakfast buffet (and good luck getting out for under $20 per person ordering off the menu)? $90 for unsatisfying dinner for two at the Japanese place? $130 for decent (but nothing special) Italian cuisine at Palio? Eesh! They make it hard not to spend money. The last morning we grabbed breakfast at the bakery/hole-in-the-wall at the entrance road/Route 3 and got a ton of food for under $10. Wish we'd seen it sooner . . . My wife would not have been comfortable journeying into the five-minute drive away part of Rio Grande, though, so I'm not sure what options are there. Bargain eating on site? The casual place at the golf club was good and resembled non-resort prices. The ice cream/sweets kiosk was a good deal and tasty, but they closed it our last day to re-open it as something else.Nickel and dime: $14 bell hop fee that we learned of upon getting our bill at the end. Tip for housekeeping? Already included. Learned about THAT one at check out, too. $15/day to self-park . . . Really enjoyed our rainy trip up to El Yunque. Also had a ton of fun in our two trips into Old San Juan. Next trip to San Juan? Will either splurge to stay at El Convento in Old San Juan or pck one of the hotels on the strip in San Juan and rent a car to day trip into the countryside.

Great Hotel in the W Dallas - Victory Park I stayed this past weekend for my bachelor party and our hotel experience for the most part was excellent. We booked a Cool Corner Suite and was not let down. It was a little smaller than I anticipated, but it worked out for everyone. The door staff was awesome and really helpful. Upon unloading our vehicle they had noticed that we had bought some adult beverages and told us that we had to conceal it, or they wouldn't let us in with it. They were cool in that they helped us conceal it and make sure that we got it up to the room. They also helped us make reservations for typical bachelor party establishments and allowed us access to the hotel SUV rather than calling for a cab.Later on we came back and went to the Ghostbar. We were told 2 people per room could get in without paying (I assumed free). When I got the bill the next morning I saw there was a $30 Ghostbar charge, and come to find out we were charged $15 per person, instead of the normal $20 cover charge. I was pretty disappointed by this as I was led to believe by the check-in staff that it was free.The Ghostbar is awesome with tons of beautiful people. The service is good and the people never really seemed snotty or stuck-up. We will definitely go back to the Ghostbar the next time we are in town, likely to be OU/TX weekend.

You will love it, We did I know this is a little late, we stayed from 4/17 to 4/24 and all I can say is this is the best place we have been to in the Caribbean, we have stayed at Grand Lido Negril, Breezes Runaway bay, Hedo II, and Grand Sport Villa Ocho Rios. Over the past few years we thought that Jamaica experience was not what it was, so we gave Punta Cana a tryAnd we are glad we did. When we got to Sunscape we were greeted with cookies and rum punch, we arrived before noon and our room was not ready, no big deal, I bought a cigar and hit the pool bar and we were greeted like we had been there for weeks,After about 2 hours one of the desk staff was walking by us and ask if there was anything she could do, I lightheartedly said we could use a room, She stopped what she was doing and walked up to the front desk with in seconds we had our room, and the wait was worth it, form our balcony we could see the beach and the pool bar. I cannot say enough good things about the staff. My girlfriend and I have never had service like this in our life. Every worker we ran into would say hello and the bartenders would stop us to ask us how we were doing, even when they were off duty. I tipped a buck when it was my turn to get the drinks not because I'm tipper, because they deserved it, at times we would just be sitting around without a drink and Nicolas (Rum and cookie greeter) would stop what he was doing and go get us drinks.The me just say I have spent a lot of money for less quality, we did not have one bad meal, and the beach dinner was A1 food in a A1 setting, I over heard people complaining that the night of the beach dinner they closed the other restaurants and they had to eat on the why did you come to the Caribbean if you did not want to enjoy a vary nice dinner on the beach. The burgers on the beach were not a Wendy's but they were not a White castle, it way worked for me after 4 hours in the Vary hot sun, drinking beers.The rooms were ok nothing to brag about, bed was hard (beers will take care of that problem) and speaking of beers if you put a few bucks under the empty beer bottles every day, the maid will load up your frig with beers for you, I never opened the frig with out seeing at least 5 beers in it.Also one day I left my safe key in the lock, the maid found it when she was cleaning the room and took it to security,I called down to the desk and they had the head of security come to our room with it, he had me make sure all our stuff was there and gave it back to me. Nothing was stolen and I had a few hundred bucks in the safe. If you like Lobster you must go to the Green Parrot (located on the beach) you will have to pay for it but you cannot beat a grill cooked lobster on the beach to end the day. I have only a few minor negative things that bugged me. The first, kids at the swim up bar, I do not like waiting forThe bar tender to get me a drink because someone's brat is playing motorboat while the bartender is making a drink for them, The kids should have there own pool away from the swim up bar.Second is the slime ball rude lazy bums that feel the need to get up at 5:00am to go down to the pool or the beach put out towels on chairs and go back to bed or to breakfast, every day we had a hard time finding chairs, there were no people in sight, but all the chairs were taken, we ran into a person that put towels on chairs down at the beach at the pool then went on a 4 hour off resort The third is the adult pool does not have a swim up bar, is void of music and is stuck on the backside of the resort where you get no wind and no view of the beach.And the last is, if you have a room near the Tex Mex it does get noisy in the early AM. The staff uses carts to move the food to the restaurant and you will hear every crack in the pavement it then again if we got up early this would not be a problem.Bottom line you will get your bang for the buck and have fun doing it.

Nice hotel, great location The Sheraton Boston wasn't in itself anything incredibly special, although it was comfortable. The rooms are smaller, but you can tell by the area that it's probably no different than other hotels around it. The ottoman in my room had a questionable stain on it; other than that, the room was very clean. At $20 for the duration of the stay, the gym was a bit expensive given the quality of equipment. I didn't use the pool, though, which probably adds a lot of value to the cost. I went to the bar for dinner, which is right off the lobby. The service was good, the food tasty. A big bonus is the mall that's attached to the hotel. It had everything from fast food to Armani and high-end stores like it. It gave me something to do at night. There's also a few great bars within walking distance to the hotel. The location really can't be beat. The only complaint I have about my stay regarded room service. The room next to me got room service one morning, and left the tray outside...it took the hotel almost 2 full days to pick it up! It wasn't anything smelly, so it wasn't a big deal, but it showed a lack of attention. Overall a nice stay.

Great view, great location! We were in room 4236, had a nice view of downtown. We could see a little bit of the lake, not too much though. Still, the views of the mountains and city were unbeatable. The location was great, right near everything. The walk to Pike's Place Market was short, and there were so many restaurants nearby. We also saw a movie theatre just a stone's throw away, but who wants to go to a movie theatre on vacation? The room was smaller, but well appointed. The bath was standard hotel bath, with nice countertops though. The room itself was very clean. the linens were crisp, not wrinkled at all. The best part about this hotel was the concierge service. It's got to be tough to deal with newcomers all day, every day, but Judy and Ted (I think that was his name) both did an excellent job. They were courteous, friendly, and very willing to help. Overall, an amazing stay to make it an amazing trip!

Grand Dame of Paris This review will reflect the service offered when staying in the Presidential Suite ...and of course as with any hotel if you stay in the biggest suites, they really look after you. Booked for extended family of 8. Presidential Suite is enormous although 1 half (bedroom lounge) dont really 'match' the other half (bedroom lounge/dining). The styles are quite different. In general the hotel is quite mumsy (flowery, old fashioned). The bathrooms though are def. not up to the standard - nice, clean but old and not 5 star certainly not for a presidential suite. Bathrooms were the same in a deluxe junior suite deluxe room. Bit strange? Service was good although the hotel knew our arrival time we still arrived to a dark suite, no lights on, no flowers etc. Also work is on going at the hotel as they expand into a neighbouring building. This at times affects ones stay including dirty corridors workmen cabling in the passages etc. Breakfast is superb! Absolutely perfect. Room service too is very good. The pool is a delight at the end of a long shopping day. Location too is very good.

Good, not great This is a grand old hotel. The rooms are large, bathrooms are modern but the communal area's are dated and staid. The staff uniforms are dated. The whole places lacks something ...those little touches that take an hotel from 4 stars to 5. Simply not chicc or polished. We (7 family members) stayed for 6 nights in a large suite with 2 additional rooms interleading rooms with views over the Arno. Found hotel to be just outside of where its all happening ...only a 5 minute walk away.

Much nicer now its been renovated Hong Kong is not my kind of place. You either love it or hate it. I hate it. I have only visted twice in 6 years and on both occasions I stayed at this hotel. The first visit was nothing to write home about but after the recent renovation, the rooms are very chic, almost sexy. I still find it annoying that they put guests in a smokers room without asking. And equally annoying that they give you a room with no view when in fact they have several with views. Are they trying NOT to impress you? After asking for a non-smoking room one preferably with a view, I was given one. So what were they thinking at reception? Very silly. Breakast also starts very late - too late for business travellers. Dinner was very pleasant in the Chinese restaurant on the top floor... even with a step into the restaurant that has most patrons tripping on it. The staff make you aware of it, in which case why not light it accordingly and save your patrons from embarrassment. The bar, also on the top floor, has superb views. Not sure this is the best place to stay in Hong Kong, as I have not stayed anywhere else but having said that it is without question a luxury hotel with 5 star service and few but silly faults.

Great views over The Common. Four Seasons = Top quality. You know what you are getting whehn you book at one of these hotels. Upgraded to a suite which was massive; service was top notch instantaneous (!) and wonderful views over Boston Common. Highly recommended! Note though that you are a few minutes drive to the financial district.

Returning guest ...because it cant get better in NYC! Once again, top notch! Well worth the money (and its a lot!). Ensure you get a room as high up as possible - stunning views at dawn when with European jetlag you lie awake staring out across the trees! Only draw back is hotel lacks a fine dining 'option' and as such no glam breakfast room either. But space is limited in NYC and this hotel, as far as luxury location go, is top!

Best for Singapore City Centre Worldwide traveller, critical of top hotels and their service. I have stayed in this hotel, both on my own, with my wife and with my extended family of 8, ages from 7-80, for several years now! To date, in 2007 alone I have spent around 30 nights here. One is spoilt in Asia when it comes to service however as a return guest one feels the service offered and the friendliness is real. This hotel has great staff, a clear reflection of good management and it wins top spot in Singapore year on year. Rooms are large - request Quay side rooms - views are more interesting. Great choice of restaurants although both the Chinese (one of Sing. best) and the Italian are freezing! Afternoon tea is superb with live music. This hotel has a lot of WOW factor, great location for CBD/Raffles Place and grandeur. Raffles Hotel may be unique but its no longer what it is. You wont be disappointed at Fullerton eventhough they are lacking in small little details (no turndown choc's).

6 stars, no less! One is spoilt when in Singapore for great hotels and indeed there are another half dozen 5star+ hotels coming soon. The St Regis is the first of the 'new breed' and it has left even my old favourite, The Fullerton in its shadow. All rest of the 5 stars are dated ..doesnt matter if its Ritz-Carlton, Fullerton , the gawdy Sangri-La or the very 'institutional' Sentosa....they have all been left behind by the arrival of St Regis. The staff and as such the service is what really sets this hotel apart from the competition. True first class service: no issue, no problem, no matter, tiny details! The rooms and suites are absolutely the best in Singapore - style, class comfort! The bathrooms are luxurious - loads of stunning rather unusual marble and heated mirrors (so they dont mist up!). The Spa too is superb although management of the Spa is the truly only weak link at the hotel. The Spa staff offer the best hotel treatments in Singapore and they have no competition! None! The Chinese Restaurant must be one of Singapores best. The Italian is boring and feels like a bit of an after thought while the main dining room works well for breakfast and lunch but dinner is a bit 'Las Vegas' with coloured fountains that are simply too active and busy for a relaxing fine dining experience. Management of the hotel is top notch. The Concierge Team headed up by Ian Tan cannot be faulted - perfect every time! The decoration of the hotel in general is very good although there are a few over the top 'artistic touches' which hopefully in time will be toned down. I am happiest when in Singapore ....and happiest when in Singapore to be at The St Regis. Well done - you certainly have my business!

Nice views but off centre The hotel offers the usual Mandarin Oriental high standards found throughout this chain but in addition it offers wonderful views across Central Park (albeit they are not uninterupted!). Didnt manage to make breakfast. Rooms service was good although clearing trays from the room took hours. What was uncomfortable about the hotel is the distance from 5th Avenue. Yes you are closer to the theatres and you have shopping dining options downstairs (the hotel is on the higher levels of a Columbus Circle building) but its a stroll to 5th a stroll back with shopping bags. The Ritz and Plaza beat it for location though. The bar is though a great place to meet enjoy the views. What is also unusual is that the hotel 'starts' with its lobby on the 35th floor.

Unbelievably BAD.... dont darken the door This was my second visit to Die Port Van Cleve, the occasion being to celebrate my girlfriends recent birthday a few weeks ago, after the first visit a few years ago I did not hesitate to return as this had been a most enjoyable stay and I hoped for the same. Unfortunately our the other weekend was far from that and I would have huge reservations about the hotel as a going concern.The following goes through my visit and subsequent problems in chronological order: - My girlfriend and I checked in on Friday evening at about 6pm or so, were greeted by a male member of staff whose name I unfortunately do not recall, I was asked as normal for credit card verification, this appeared to be completed correctly and we were directed to our room. Unfortunately this room was a twin room and was not what I had booked and had confirmation for from my reservation, I had requested a double. This issue was soon rectified and we were moved to room 407. - We were planning to go out that Friday evening and my girlfriend took a shower, when she came out she said the shower was too hot and she had huge difficulty adjusting the temperature correctly having nearly burnt herself on a few occasions. I showered after and found the adjustment on the shower far too sensitive also would consider this dangerous. - The next issue we experienced was that the lighting in the room was not sufficient as at least one of the bulbs on the bedside light was blown. - We then went out for some dinner and a few beers during which at approximately 10 - 11pm I got a telephone message from my credit card company that I was to call them immediately. I did so and I was transferred to card security directly, they were considerably concerned about four transactions which had been either attempted or completed from Die Port Van Cleve. The first three transactions attempted to take from my account, the final attempted a transaction for These transactions obviously drew serious attention from the credit card company and they advised to return to the hotel immediately and possibly call the police, following which I should call them back and advise if the card should be cancelled. At this stage they also advised that my credit limit had been exceeded and there were no funds available on my card, I was extremely shocked and rang the hotel immediately. I found and still find it very hard to understand how these four transactions had been required when all I was aware of at check in was a credit verification, i.e. a confirmation that funds were available in my account. At no stage during the check in process was I made aware that a transaction was being completed and at no stage did I authorize by signature or pin that funds should be transferred. I was also very surprised at the figure of the transactions, at this was more than my room rate less local tax? This is aside from the fact that four different transactions were attempted on the card and a final transaction of but I am struggling to understand why and how this was used a payment amount? In any case after a discussion with the hotel there was little I could do that evening and was more than extremely annoyed. - Not least because I would be unable to use my credit card for dinner and for the remainder of my time in Amsterdam. - There was a final surprise on this visit for my girlfriend which again was a complete embarrassment, this happened on Saturday evening. I had gone downstairs for a beer before going out for dinner, she was getting ready to go out and while looking for a shoe she came across a used condom sitting under our bed. She immediately came down stairs to let me know and I made Nina aware of the situation. This was something that I would hope to never encounter anywhere let alone in a 4* hotel room. At this stage I also made Nina aware of the lighting and shower problems in the room, she said there was little she could do at that time aside from remove the condom. The only gesture during our entire stay in the hotel was that we were offered a late check out on Sunday and this was only after I had asked what time I could check out! At no time during the stay was a manager made available to discuss the situation, I subsequently found out that one was available for a period on Saturday afternoon from Christa during check out but he/she was not directed toward me? I am shocked that this would not have been a priority given the level of incompetency and carelessness shown with my credit card. I cannot say how embarrassed and annoyed I was during the weekend, I recommended this hotel to my girlfriend and told her it would be more than suitable for our stay in Amsterdam for her birthday celebration. Nearly as annoying was the inconvenience of having to pay cash for the weekend and also the fact I was also hoping to buy some items during our visit in Amsterdam but as my credit card limit was exceeded this was impossible. At this stage the more I think about it the more I am annoyed. This is not what I would expect from a 4* hotel anywhere in the world let alone in Europe. DO NOT CONSIDER THIS HOTEL IF STAYING IN AMSTERDAM. I have since been in contact with one of the managers and am now waiting over two weeks for an appropriate compensation for this shambles of a stay.... they seem totally incompetent.

good enough but not excellent I was in Hotel college de france on July 2008. I had red all the excellent reviews on this hotel and so when I decided to spend five days in Paris I booked at once to College de France. My experience is a bit disappointing: I had a little room to first floor; the window looked at the back side of the Hotel and it was a dirty, sad and disagreable panorama. The staff of the hotel was on average... The better thing is the location of the Hotel, just in the heart of Paris. The price was a very good price (99 euro for a triple room)...but attention: the third bed was not a real bed but a little roll camp-bed! my son of 10 years old could'nt sleep 'cause it was unconfortable and so, I was forced tu put him between me and my wife in our double bed (140 cm. X 3 persons!!!).Anyway: I advise this Hotel if you want to spend a little price and , by the way, if you want to stay in a wonderful location.Next time If I come back to Paris I think I go again to College the france but I'd like a room in an higher floor and with a real bed for the child!!!

My Boston Favourate Balcony

Faultless-Both Stays I have just finished my second short break at this hotel. Both were 3/4 days and last time was back in 2002.I am pleased to say that this hotel is every bit as impressive now as it was 5 years ago. Both times I have stayed with my wife and 2 children (in 2 rooms) and on neither occasion have any of us had any reason to complain.The hotel is friendly, some rooms have kitchenette facilities which is very handy for families, they are visited daily by the maid and kept very clean, the prices are reasonable and you can use the internet in the lobby for free-no questions asked.It is a little out of the centre of town but only a walk of 20 mins or so and its literally one minute to the underground. If you are a family looking for a nice quiet place close to the town centre, you are unlikely to do better than the Silevr Aparthotel.

Superb place to stay, but you do pay for it My partner and I stayed at the Hotel Jazz in July '08 for 6 nights following all the positive comments made about it on TA. We were certainly not disappointed and had a superb stay. The Jazz is perfectly located to explore Barcelona, being walking distance from the Ramblas but importantly also near the Universitatt and Placa Catalunya Metro stations which made exploring the city easy.The hotel itself was spotless, our room was large and always cleaned well and the bathroom was much larger than our expectations. We didn't have a view from our patio doors (it looked out upon the central 'garden' area) however I never mind an inside room in Spanish cities as it keeps the noise to a minimal level. One key aspect was the attitude of the staff who were quite simply excellent - some reviews on TA had questioned their attitude but they were exceptionally helpful and courteous to us, answering questions, giving advice allowing me to print things for free from the reception PC's and so on.The rooftop pool is a great addition and one of the reasons we chose the Jazz and it provided a great place to relax when not out trawling Barca. Towels are provided by the pool. A bar / cafe is available on the roof, however, we chose to just buy baguettes from the shop next door and to eat them by the pool.Travelling from the airport, the aeorbus (about 4 Euros each) takes you to Universitaat where it is literally a 2-minute walk to the hotel - unfortunately, it only picks up again from Placa Catalunya which, with a suitcase is more like a 7-10 minute walk. We got a taxi back to the airport which cost 35 Euros with tip.I was in Barcelona for work and therefore my hotel was paid for on expenses. The total cost for the 6 nights stay was which for a 3-star hotel is a lot of money, and this would normally be over my budget if travelling for leisure. This price didn't include breakfast either. The Jazz is, however, a well placed and excellently managed hotel with great service and therefore if you can afford to pay these prices, it's a solid bet that it will provide an excellent base to discover Barcelona.

Recommended I stayed for 4 nights with my girlfriend as part of a road trip around california, and it was great.Clean, friendly, safe and enjoyable.As mentioned in previous reviews, this place has a fantastic location, just off Hollywood Boulevard and all the tourist stuff, you know the deal. There is also a convenience store selling basics liquor just across the street.The staff were some of the most helpful we came across in over 2 weeks. They helped with directions, maps, advice...... you name it. And they did it with a smile too.The pool wasn't as heated as expected, but the cold water certainly helped freshen me up in the morning anyway!Free internet access, free underground parking for about 25 cars (one of the main bonuses for us).The Suite was a good size, and the kitchen and dining table a nice bonus.Only slight problem was a bit of noise in the mornings coming from the Renaissance Hotel...... trucks reversing, skips being emptied etc, though I think this was due to some specific construction work being done at the time, and not a permanent problem.I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone, and would stay there again myself.

Does the job I agree with the previous reviews on this place. . . . its nothing special, but hey its about $70 a night!To me, it was a place to stay for opne night that was clean and the location right at the entrance to chinatown is great. Slap bang in the middle of the action, and only a couple of blocks from Union Square. You also get pastries, muffins coffee in the breakfast room which is included in the price.My Girlfriend wasn't too happy with it but she's a clean freak with high standards! Some of the people working on the front desk weren't too helpful ether, but we were only there for a night so it wasn't really an issue.All in all, great location, good value for money. .. . but for me its only a place I would stay for one or two nights for a bed and a shower.Sure if you don't mind where you stay you could stay for longer if you on on a real budget, it would suffice.

A real gem The Hotel Elysee

Very nice. Old hotel that has been redone. Rooms and bathrooms were smallish but comfortable. Service was very friendly and helpful. Doormen were great! Pool on roof was enjoyable, Room keys didn't work majority of the time (went through 7 of them in 5 days). Missed room service one day but we were in and out repeatedly so it was understandable. Meals were pricey but food was excellent.In the middle of French Quarter and shops, restaurants and clubs. One block from Canal St and trolley, walking distance to riverfront with Aquarium, casinos, etc. Short cab ride to French Market area. Would certainly stay there again.

very good Location, views, breakfast - all just great.We stayed here for the first time 11 years ago and the rooms havn't changed ever since- they need a refurbishment.Otherwise it' s a great place.

Great hotel in the heart of Barcelona Swimming pool

Location Awesome! Loved Breakfast @ the Beach! My best buddy and I visited Oahu for two nights this summer completely enjoyed our stay at the ResortQuest. The location is awesome- close to everything we needed! Although it's not exactly beachfront, there is no hotel in front to block the glorious views of Waikiki Beach. The hotel is located in the southern edge of Waikiki, which is great b/c there is less traffic/noise. A short 5 minute walk from the major stores. Check-in was a breeze and the receptionist honored our request for a view of Waikiki Beach. The room was a little on the small side, but ok for us 2 guys. The decoration was in a bright cheery hawaiian floral motiff. Loved the breakfast buffet. We even had a breakfast to-go and ate at the beach. Wonderful. Would love to stay here again next year. Aloha.

Very nice hotel, perfect location! Nice hotel with very friendly and helpful, multilingual staff!! Rooms are clean, location is perfect!!When we go back to Paris, we will certainly consider it again!Minor thing to be mentioned.. the breakfast is quite expensive.. that's why we booked without.. There is a small supermarket and some bakeries nearby, from where you can make a solid and tasty breakfast yourself, for a quarter of the price of the hotel breakfast.Hotel is close to subway station (line 12) and to St. Placide (line 4)

Decent room for an affordable price in downtown Seattle I went to visit a friend in Seattle in mid-September and see a game at Husky Stadium. I chose this place after looking around on various websites for an affordable hotel room in downtown. This place fit that bill.The room was average--a typical midgrade hotel. Very clean. The only real downside was that the walls did not hold sound out from the outside. I heard a lot of noise from other rooms as well as from outside. Fortunately I slept well.The staff was very nice and was willing to hold my bags for me for a few hours after I checked out.There is a restaurant in the hotel; I ate breakfast there and the food was pretty good.This hotel is about 3 blocks from Westlake Center, which is the terminus of both the S Lake Union streetcar and the monorail to Seattle Center (Space Needle area). It is about six blocks from the Pike Place market (up and down a hill).

perfect small, quiet, charming hotel Stayed for 4 nights. We had a double with shower, but should have reserved a room with a bath (to ease tired muscles after hours of walking each day). Very clean with all of the necessities.A quiet neighbourhood with a variety of cafes, restaurants, bakeries, etc. - good access to the Metro. Staff were very friendly and particularly helpful when my wife took ill one night - searched out a pharmacy that was open, called a cab and even asked how she was feeling the next day.Wouldn't hesitate to return.SB Graham, Toronto

Good for 1-2 nights near airport The hotel runs a huge promotion saying if you can't give us a 10, then let us know.....well, this place isn't a 10....but it is clean, affordable, and has free shuttle to the airport. I will say the front desk people were generally very helpful and friendly. We did have some minor problems with the room that need to be repaired (which we let the staff know about). The place is clean, usually has good rates for Miami, and has free airport shuttle (which was right on time). The free breakfast was average, and so crowded that there was no place to sit. Only 1 restaurant which is next door (Bennigans). But you end up with countless pizza menus shoved underneath your door all day long. One tip.....if you need to rent a car....EZ Rental is right next door inside the Embassy Suites....they are usually one of the cheaper places.....and since hardly any of the rental agencies are on airport grounds, you could take the hotel shuttle to the La Quinta and walk to the Embassy Suites (and return the car and walk back to hotel). Enterprise is across the street from the Embassy Suites also.

Classy hotel Very comfortable bed

Boutique Hotel Very nice little boutique style Hotelgood central locationstaff friendlyBUTnot air conditionednil ice machines working on our floorscurrently in the process of renovationsit was unusually warm - hence we had the windows openall you hear all night is sirens

as we expected we wanted a good value hotel close to the Ramblas and that's exactly what we got. We stayed room only so can't comment on the food.The place is decaying a bit with the odd light fitting askew in the lobby, one of the elevators out of action, and the other one's handrail secured by a bit of wire. Reception staff were efficient but seemed a little disinterestedThe rooms were neat and clean and the plumbing mostly worked OK. Couldn't fault the maid service.Only 5 mins walk from the Ramblas.We were quite happy with our choice and thought it good value for money

Great Hotel in a Fab Location This hotel is a great base for the Sanh Francisco tourist in the fabulous location right on the doorstep of Fishermans Wharf.Many restraunts are near by and is also within walking distance of famous Pier 39.Downtown San Francisco is easily accesible by cable car, tram or bus. take the tram up hilly Lombard and you will get the great views San Francisco has to offer.This hotel is big with two buildings, it has a fitness center, swimming pool and a fantastic business level with free internet access.The rooms are an average size with a desk, 2 double beds and a bathroom. I would advise using the inroom safe.The bathroom is small compared to other US hotel bathrooms I have stayed in. The rooms are kept very tidy witha maid service everyday, linen was cahnged twice during my 3 night stay. The TV was great with 40 TV Channels, mostly US ENglish language howver there was a spanish channel as well as a Japanese channel.Overall this hotel is a great base for the San Francisco tourist as well as business travellers with it's great business facilities.

1980s Luxury in an Unbeatable Location My review title suggests my one medium-sized complaint about the otherwise-excellent FS Sydney: the dated overall feeling and decor. I stayed there from 1 through 5 May 2006, having booked a buy three nights and get the fourth free package for a junior opera-view suite. I arrived at the FS around 9 a.m., after an overnight flight from Bangkok. My first pleasant surprise came when the check-in clerk upgraded my room to a full harbour-view suite on the 30th floor. Having only slept a few hours on the flight, I appreciated the prospect of the upgraded suite and harbour view before taking a late-morning catch-up nap. I wasn't dissappointed: the view out of three windows, including a double-pane corner one, was spectacular, encompassing the Harbour Bridge, Rocks neigborhood, Circular Quay, and of course, the Opera House. It was a brilliantly sunny day, and the whole harbour and surrounding areas appeared to sparkle. I reluctantly drew the curtains and slept soundly for 5 hours on a supremely comfortable king bed.Upon waking, I took a closer look at my suite, which was fairly large (52 sq. m.), nicely furnished, and comfortable. No problems, other than the sense that I was in an immaculately preserved 25-year-old hotel room: the furniture and decor, while very clean and fairly luxurious, were nonetheless plain and more suited to rooms I've had in Hyatt and Sheraton hotels. The mostly mahogany wood furniture and trim were in good shape but showed some scuffing and other signs of wear and tear in some places. The TV, while adequate, was large and rather old, with not many channels. The bathroom, however, was fabulous: huge; beautiful white, beige, and cream marble; double sinks; large separate shower stall; and ample L'Occitaine bath products. I took very long and leisurly showers every morning and evening, and the water pressure was prodigious, right up there with a full-throttle jet-ski. The only problem I had with the FS's service came on that first day, when I had to ask three times for the room to be made up. Granted, I did sleep in very late, but housekeeping is 24 hours, and it wasn't until I went to the front desk and complained in person -- after having called housekeeping twice -- that the room got made up. After that first time, though, the make-up and turn-down service were faultless, with generous restocking of bath amenities. I also took in more of the hotel's public-area decor that first day, noting more mahogany (everywhere, really, from the wall on each guest floor to the multistory pillars in the lovely lobby) and lots of 80s brass (some, again, rather worn and dull). Again, this is a subjective aesthetic quibble; I'm sure many guests would find the FS's decor to be very fine indeed. It's just less than what I've experienced in other FS hotels, such as those in Hong Kong (one of the best hotels in that city and probably the world) and Bangkok (also a former Regent but very different from and -- to my eye -- lovelier than the FS Sydney).I didn't avail myself of my suite's so-so minibar, but I did use the so-so coffee service, which was also an 80s (if not 70s) throwback: electric kettle with packets of instant coffee and cheap nondairy creamer. When lesser hotels provide french presses and the like, a hotel of the FS's calibre should do better. But instant coffee it was, and it got me out the door, through the lobby, and across the street to the handy Starbucks, which had better coffee than any hotel option. I breakfasted (well, brunched) there every day, as breakfast wasn't included in my package rate and would've been expensive (as with any five-star room-service meal). Other travellers have mentioned the FS's so-so swimming pool. It was small and outdoors, but also heated and very clean -- and little-used by other guests during my stay. I usually had it to myself at the end of the day. It's an old-fashioned painted concrete basin; a smart granite infinity pool is what it should become. The spa was also small and nothing to write home about, but it was clad with attractive dark-green slate or granite and well stocked with fluffy towels, cold facecloths, and other amenities. The sauna and steamroom, however, were both very plain and small. The spa and pool need a complete makeover, and I hope that when it's time for that, FS turns to its Hong Kong hotel for inspiration.The staff on both the front and concierge desks were excellent, always available, resourceful, and helpful. The concierge staff, while young, were very knowledgeable and always gave good dining and sightseeing recommendations.The FS's location is unbeatable: across the street from the Circular Quay and ferries going everywhere one wants or needs to go. The Opera House is a 10-minute stroll to the far side of the Quay, and the Harbour Bridge is just a few minutes' walk more in the opposite direction. (If you're in at least average health/shape, do this one thing while you're in Sydney: take the Bridge Climb; it's absolutely exhilarating and gives you the best views of what must be the prettiest city harbour in the world.)In sum, I quite enjoyed my stay at the FS Sydney and would consider another stay there, even though it does mean going back to the 80s in some ways. The suite was great and the panoramic harbour views stunning. It's an expensive hotel (what FS isn't?), but one does get one's money's worth, especially if you book a good package. I did visit the nearby Shangri-La Hotel, and it is even nicer, in some ways. But it's up a hill, a bit farther away from the Quay, and the more modern, light tones of the guestrooms may not be to everyone's liking. It's probably worth checking out reviews and rates of both hotels before booking if you're looking for the best high-end hotel in the best location for sightseeing.

Fine Stay I chose the Intercontinental for a last-minute 2-day trip to Singapore in early November, and I'm very glad I did. I've stayed in some of Singapore's top hotels, including Raffles, Ritz-Carlton, and Mandarin Oriental; and I was a bit concerned that the Intercon would suffer in comparison. Happily, it did not.The only minor sour note occured when I was checking in and I asked the clerk about the 4 p.m. late checkout (subject to availability) mentioned as part of the weekend rate I'd booked. The clerk said there was nothing in the system about this, and a second staffer, who'd come to take me up to my room, reiterated the availability line (of which I was already aware) and said she'd let me know later. I politely but firmly asked her to check and let me know before heading up to my room, as my return flight was not until after midnight on my checkout day. She quickly confirmed the late checkout availability, and all went very well from that point on.Hotel: The Intercon is a 13-year-old midrise located in Bugis very near Raffles and a short walk or taxi ride to most of the city's attractions and interesting neighborhoods. All the public areas are attractive and spotless, and the hotel's decor is very smart if rather generic. The Intercon eschews the grandeur of the Ritz-Carlton and Oriental and is more reminiscent of the simple luxury of the Four Seasons.Room: I had a standard (Deluxe) room on the 6th floor, and while I thought that that might be a bit lacking, I was again pleasantly surprised. While not huge, at about 35 sq. meters, my room was just right: very comfortable, spotless, and more understated luxury -- in short, the Intercontinental mien at its best. The large bathroom was done in marble, with a big, separate tub and walk-in shower. The room had a large, triple bay window; and the view of the surrouding buildings in Bugis was quite nice. The bed was very comfortable, as one expects in Intercons. The hotel had even provided a small bowl of complimentary fruit and a bottle of Evian. The only drawback to the room was the internet service: wired (no wifi, at least from the hotel) broadband with adequate speed but an annoying feature: having to reopen the startup pay-as-you-go page with each new session, even after paying for a 24-hour block of time. Nor was this cheap: SGD 30 (about US$ 21) for the 24 hours. But the Intercon's not alone in charging high ratees for internet access. I'm hopeful that five-star chains will follow the Peninsula's lead in providing complimentary internet service in all rooms. But this was a minor quibble, and overall, I was very satisfied with my basic Intercon room. My rate of SGD 220 included breakfast and the aforementioned late checkout, and it was actually cheaper than the cheapest room-only rate at the time I booked.Staff and service: With the small exception of my initial checkin query, all of the Intercon's staff were very pleasant, friendly, and helpful. The concierge recommended an excellent seafood-speciality Chinese restaurant (Jumbo) on the waterfront for chili crab; out of this world, and I highly recommend it. The staff at Olive Tree, where I took breakfast, were equally helpful; and the food there was excellent, with a wide choice of fresh western and Asian dishes.Bottom line: I'd recommend the Intercon to anyone visiting Singapore. It's a true five-star (maybe even plus) hotel that, at least at promotional or weekend rates, is a real value compared to more famous Singapore properties that may or may not warrant their higher prices. The Intercon feels smaller than it is (I think it has close to 500 rooms), and the staff make guests feel welcome and special. Well done, Intercontinental Singapore.

Stay Here If You Can I lived in Japan for 4 years and was able to stay in some of the country's -- and region's -- better hotels. When I recently returned for a visit to Tokyo over Thanksgiving Weekend '08, I'd found a very good limited-time offer rate for the Grand Hyatt, which made the hotel all the more appealing. As others have noted, the GH is an oustanding hotel, which is saying a lot in a city with some of the world's finest. Located next to the hyperbusy and flashy Roppongi Hills shopping, dining, and office complex, the GH is an oasis of sophistication, luxury, and restrained Japanese pampering. From the soaring minimalism of the lobby to the hushed elevators -- the end two of which are glass-enclosed with views over the city and Tokyo Tower -- to the stunning rooms, the GH is a destination in and of itself. My basic (Grand Deluxe) room was large and luxurious, with contrasting woods, bedside remote controls for the window sheers and blackout panels, a huge natural-stone bath and separate rain-shower stall, and super-comfortable king bed. I was on the 20th floor, and while part of the view from the huge window was of the adjacent Mori Tower office building, I also had a fine view of Tokyo Tower and nearby skyline. The room couldn't have been quieter or more comfortable. The hotel's fast and faultless internet service, both wired and wifi, was included in the basic room rate.As a Gold Passport member, I had free access (otherwise around $20) to the GH's beautiful, hushed spa facilities, which include a red-granite swimming pool with a contrasting translucent white round whirlpool.Other reviewers have mentioned the GH's very expensive restaurants, but the prices are in line with similarly high-end restaurants in Tokyo. I only visited the French Kitchen, where two glasses of champagne and escargots (delicious) set me back around $50.Japanese service is second to none in the world, and the GH staff met every request and need quickly and graciously. I changed my return-flight reservations twice; the staff took care of both complicated requests within a few minutes each time. When the concierge made a dinner reservation for me at a nearby French restaurant I'd read about and wanted to try (La Lune; excellent), they also sent a note up to my room with a detailed map showing the exact location of the restaurant in relation to the GH. While the GH is perhaps resistable at normal rates (I was quoted a rate of over $400/night for my room if I were to stay an extra night, about $200 more than I was paying), it's a beautiful hotel with unbeatable rooms, service, and ambiance. Treat yourself when in Tokyo.

MO S'pore: Beautiful Hotel with Bad Feng Shui? I stayed at the newly (and majorly) renovated Oriental in Singapore three times in 2005. The first time, in February, was very shortly after the Aesthetically, the redo is a huge success. While the hotel retains its rather nondescript exterior shape and square windows in a big white block of a building, the interior of the Oriental is now arguably the most striking of all hotels in Singapore. While most hotels built around an atrium recall the 80s even more pointedly than, say, Duran Duran cassette tapes and hair bands, the atrium is now dazzling, with mica-flecked black marble, pin-lighted water feature, and gorgeous dark woods everywhere. The staff are immaculate, the ladies in particular: their uniforms are very Singapore Airlines-meets-Asian Bond girls. As one often does in Singapore, I arrived very late in the evening and was tired. The sleek new interior and flawless staff immediately soothed. The front-desk clerk talked me into an S$90/night upgrade to a Club room, which turned out to be the same as a regular room but on a higher floor than my original room. Staff scurried in to replace stock MO amenities with Hermes, and someone else brought hot tea and a scented face towel. Aah. (Actually, the last two services come with all MO rooms.) The room, while smallish (34 m2), was beautiful: more dark woods and black marble, and an up-to-the minute bathroom with separate, walk-in rain shower; and glass wall with wooden blinds separating bed from bath rooms. My room had a dead-on view of harbor and attractive CBD skyline. Room service food was delicious and not overly expensive. Problems began the next morning (Saturday), when hammering and other construction noises began fairly early (shortly before 9 a.m.). I called the front desk to ask what was going on and was told that renovation work was still occurring on the uppermost floors would become the real Club rooms outside. I headed to the Club Lounge for breakfast, hoping that I might be able to sleep a bit more afterward. The lounge is brand new and spectacular: two-storey windows overlooking the city from the 21st floor, and rich yet muted Asian-modern The breakfast buffet was fresh, luxurious, and plentiful, including fairly good champagne (Piper-Heidsieck). Sated, I returned to my room and was able to sleep some more, as the construction crews had mercifully scaled down the pace and decibel level of their work Later in the day, I stopped by the front desk to discuss my concerns about the noises and what I thought had been a bit of a hard sell for a Club room that was only partly so. As is usually the case with MO staff experienced in Asia, the duty manager was thoughtful and responsive. He took the supplemental club charge off of my room rate (for 2 nights), apologized for the noise, and assured me that I could move to another room if the work for a shorter period on Sunday. I went for a swim, and some laps the new pool put my cares behind me. The temperature-controlled infinity pool overlooks the city skyline, and the spa facilities and wet area are every bit as lovely as the rest of the hotel. When I returned to my room from my swim, I found a bottle of Shiraz and a very nice note from the duty manager, again apologizing for earlier problems.Sunday was just fine, with no construction noise and a good sleep. Upon returning home, I had a very nice e-mail from Ms Cindy Kong, the guest-relations manager. She again apologized for the problems encountered and asked me to contact her directly concerning future stays to ensure proper care.I did contact Ms Kong again, as I was planning another visit to Singapore at the end of April and first week of May, bookends to a week in Bali. She assured me that construction work would be finished and that I would have an excellent, quiet room. That proved to be the case; this time I stayed in a Club room on the Club floor, and everything was great. I was looking forward to my return a week later. Ms Kong e-mailed me while I was in Bali to let me know that a new construction project (this time, a municipal endeavor at adjacent Marine Square) would be taking place during my anticipated stay, and she offered not only to help with a booking at another hotel but also to have me picked up upon arrival at Changi Airport and taken in an MO car to the alternate hotel. Again, outstanding customer service impressed.My third stay with the Oriental was in September, and this time the hotel offered me an ocean-view room at a very good rate. Unfortunately, I timed my stay to coincide exactly with a weekend of daylong F1 speedboat races the water, well within earshot of the hotel. I contacted the Front Desk, and staff offered to give me free use of a City Room, away from the water-facing sides of the hotel, for sleeping during the day. (I note here that the standard City rooms, while pleasant and comfortable, have noticeably blander and furnishings than the Ocean and Harbor View rooms. Staff advised that City rooms are usually assigned to package-tour customers. In any event, my City day room was a blessed respite from the constant whining of racing speedboats.) I joked with the duty manager that perhaps I have bad feng shui at the Oriental, given my star-crossed stays to date. Unfortunately, the joke or bad FS continued a bit further: later on, while I was relaxing after the boat races in my Ocean room, a harsh chemical smell seeped into the room. I opened the door and the reek of kerosene in the hallway or similar brought tears to my eyes. I flagged down a maid, who reported that a maintenance worker had spilled paint in the storage room at the end of the hall and had dumped a large quantity of turpentine on the paint still to try to clean up. A few other guests had also been flushed out of their rooms, seeking the source of the fumes. I informed the front desk of the problem and then went for a long swim. When I returned to my floor, the paint-thinner odor had subsided a bit but was still fairly harsh. I had a message on my room voicemail from guest relations. When I called back, the duty manager apologized again and asked me whether the hotel could move me and my things to a City View suite. I readily agreed. The suite was wonderful huge (about 70 m2). Rather than replicating the drabness of the regular City rooms, the suite was very sleekly furnished and decorated, with a separate bedroom, two bathrooms, and expansive city views. Well done, Oriental! Oh, I had breakfast (included in my room rate) in the just-opened Melt restaurant, which has several huge food stations featuring dishes -- all fresh and very delicious -- from all over the world. The Indian station was my favorite for savories, and the Western breakfast-y baked goods were to die for.Although not yet stayed again at the Oriental stayed at Raffles on my most recent trip to Singapore probably would stay there again. It really is a beautiful hotel, and the staff are perhaps the best encountered (with the possible exception of those of Peninsula Hotels). I still attribute the problems I had at the Oriental to bad luck, or possibly bad feng shui, which perhaps one take lightly in a predominantly Chinese culture. Nonetheless, the Oriental richly deserves the very positive rankings and reviews received since its very successful makeover. If one can get a good corporate or promotional rate (my cheapest stay was S$188/night), the Oriental may be the best hotel stay in Singapore.

Peninsula: Reason in and of Itself to Visit Hong Kong I live in Japan and travel fairly frequently in east Asia. Of all the wonderful hotels at which I've stayed in the region, the Peninsula in Hong Kong (PHK) is my overall favorite. I stayed there most recently on either side of Thangsgiving (22 and 26 Nov. 2005) and had my best PHK experience yet. Upon arriving the evening of the 26th evening from Singapore, I checked in, and the front-desk staffer said the words all travel buffs love to hear: We have a very nice upgrade for you. I'd already asked for a deluxe room in the original PHK building, which dates from 1928 and is just fabulous in every respect. But the upgrade to the Peony Suite -- wow. The suite was huge and immaculate, with high ceilings and huge windows giving a full view of the Hong Kong Central skyline across the harbour. Now, mind you, a regular PHK room is already a special place: minimum 40 sqm, marble bath with TV above the soaking tub, separate glass-walled shower, plasma TV in the bedroom, etc. The suite, however, more than doubled the regular room's size and pleasure. It was beautifully decorated with Chinese antiques and art, and there was a full yet tasteful chandelier over the dining-room table. There was also a huge, new plasma TV in the living room, in addition to the similar TV in the bedroom.Everything about the PHK soothes and delights. On a visit with a friend a few months ago, we had a regular superior room, with a street view. That was fine, as it was still very comfortable. A problem arose on Saturday morning, when construction sounds awakened us fairly early. They were clearly coming from somewhere inside the hotel, and somewhere fairly close. We got up and had a tasty American breakfast (included in my room rate) in the PHK Lobby cafe, which is an airy, sunlight-filled, haute-colonial destination unto itself. Meanwhile, I'd spoken with the front-desk staff about the construction noise and asked for more information and a possible change of room. Within minutes, the guest-relations manager herself came to our table, apologized for the noise -- which we learned was coming from the remodeling of the Louis Vuitton store in the hotel's shopping arcade -- and said she'd have two alternative rooms to show us after breakfast. The first room was in the tower, which was built in the 1990s, directly over the original PHK hotel. The room was fine but a bit smaller than and not quite as charming as our room in the old building. The second room was a deluxe with a harbour view in the old building, and we took that. Problem solved, in a manner that should be a model for similar situations in all luxury hotels but, sadly, usually isn't.I could go on and on about the PHK and all of its amenities -- incredible pool in the tower, with full views of the harbour; great room service; fab food and mod decor at Felix Resto Bar atop the tower -- but I'll stop here and recommend that anyone who wants to enjoy an unforgettable stay in the great city of Hong Kong will do him or herself a huge favor by staying at the PHK. The only downsides: it is expensive (but reasonable if one gets the lowest advance-purchase rate or a good corporate rate), and staying there will spoil you for anywhere else.

Small and Gorgeous: HK's New Hotel Standard I've stayed at the LMO twice -- once in late 2006, and most recently at the end of January 2007 -- and may I just saw, Wow! The LMO is in a three-way tie with the Peninsula and Four Seasons as my favorite HK hotel. For my first stay, I booked a suite deal package for the L900 suite, the hotel's largest (and worth the extra HK$), for me and a friend. The package included round-trip airport transfers in the hotel's Mercedes S-Class, breakfast, and other amenities, all for about HK$3000 less per day than the regular, non-package suite-only rate. The airport pickup service is perfect: as others have described, you're met at your gate, seated in an electric cart, and whisked past all the other deplaning passengers to immigration. HK's airport is already the world's best airport, and the LMO meet-and-greet service makes a pleasant airport experience all the more so. Arrival: The LMO is completely hidden in a tasteful but otherwise anonymous high-rise building that forms part of the new Landmark Centre complex. Upon pulling into the hotel's short drive, however, the MO's service and unique touches begin. Glass doors are opened by very smart-looking attendants, and the already-famous golden staircase greets you. Upstairs, the reception area is small and beautiful, and given that the hotel only has 113 rooms, I don't think there's ever more than a one-person wait. I was, of course, greeted by name as soon as I approached the receptionist, and she quickly escorted me to my suite, which was on the the top (15th) floor. L900 Suite: And what a suite -- the entry foyer is a black-marble catwalk flanked by smooth white and grey stones. The bedroom areas is to the left, the huge bathroom in the center, and the living/dining room and office to the right. Everything in the suite bespoke careful attention to the principles of fung shui, first-rate acoustics, and the best possible materials (dark woods, marble, glass, stone, fabrick) everywhere. As others have noted, the views from whichever room or suite you take are of other office building; after all the LMO is in perhaps the busiest section of Central. The in-room technology is of the highest standard and excels that found in the Pen or FS. The bathroom alone is sufficient reason to book the L900 or one of the L600 rooms: 7-foot round marble tub, with large, separate glass booths for both the toilet and rainforest shower. Fabulous. The A/V system in the suite (and all of the rooms, I suppose) caters to every need or desire; my friend and I particularly enjoyed the FTV and Amsterdam HD fashion channel (free; other HD channels offered for pay-per-view). Dining: My friend and I only had breakfast in the Amber restaurant (included in our suite package), and it was excellent. The food was copious and uniformly fresh and delicious, and Amber's atmosphere at one invigorating and relaxing. We loved the thousands of soft-gold metal reds suspended from the ceiling.Spa and pool: The LMO's Spa is the best I've seen thus far in a hotel: all manner of hot-and-cold water treatments, from a large-yet-intimate hammam to scented arctic showers to a tropical rainforest (which, oddly, features only a short trickle of water once every 5 minutes, preceded by a soft red glow from a sculpture that looks as though it were purloined from a old Trader Vic's restaurant). As with everything in the LMO, the materials of which the Spa is fashioned are all of the highest quality and maximum aesthetic appeal. During my first stay, there was no swimming pool, but the LMO had put one in before my second stay. The pool is the only feature of the hotel that is not superb: It appears to have been hastily installed and looks like what one would expect to see in the basement of a 3- or 4-star hotel. The pool is a decent size (though not 25 metres), but it's just a plain cement bowl with minimal decoration. No matter; it serves to make one's return to the rest of the LMO all that much more welcome.L450 room: Just a few words on the basic LMO room, in which I stayed last time, the L450 Superior: in any other hotel, this would be a top-of-the-line room; in the LMO, however, it's a wonderful bargain. It wasn't even a let-down after the L900 suite, as I was by myself this time and found the L450 more than adequate for all of my needs. Rather than providing a full seperate living/dining room, the L450 includes a mini-seating area next to the bed and in front of the floor-to-ceiling windows (which extend into the bathroom area). The bathroom was still very luxurious, with a lovely hourglass-shaped tub replacing the round version found in the larger room and suites. Otherwise, the smaller room was delightful, with lighter woods and the full range of audio-video options (including a small, perfectly placed for tub viewing LCD TV in the bathroom) I'd encountered in the suite.Bottom line: Hotels in Hong Kong are expensive, even by large Asian city standards, so why not spend your money on something really special? The LMO is a rare find: a small luxury hotel that offers everything its much larger high-end competitors have and then some. The LMO is very modern, so if you want more traditional European or Chinese decor and ambience, you'll probably not like the LMO as much as the Pen or Ritz-Carlton. But if you like ultramodern aesthetics combined with timeless Asian service standards and attention to detail, check out the LMO first. Enjoy.

FS: The New It HK Hotel I stayed at the new Four Seasons in Hong Kong from 17 to 20 February 2006. It is, without a doubt, the It hotel in the SAR; I found that, in overall appeal and service, it just edges out my two other HK favorites, the Peninsula and Ritz-Carlton. The FS really does have it all: (1) Location - perfect, attached to the IFC Mall and adjacent to the HK Airport Express Station. It's a short walk or taxi ride to anywhere, including the Star Ferry, in Central. Yet it's also somehow set apart. The property comprises two towers: the hotel proper and residences. (2) Rooms: I stayed in a Harbour Deluxe room, at a promotional rate that included HK$500 toward in-room or hotel-restaurant dining. While it was mostly foggy or rainy during my 3-day stay, the view of the busy harbour and Kowloon was inspiring. The decor is smart, sleek, and new-millenium luxurious: lots of dark woods, marble, and glass. The main TV is a huge plasma unit, with a smaller LCD screen over the bathtub. The bathroom is very luxurious, with a large soaking tub and walk-in rain shower. (3) Spa: the best I've seen to date in a hotel. (4) Pool: ditto, with two outdoor infinity pools and jacuzzis overlooking the harbour. (5) Food: room service is the usual FS excellent, and Caprice Restaurant has to be one of the best French restaurants in Asia. The staff -- particularly the maitre d' and his assistant -- pampered me, discreetly yet thoroughly introducing each of the eight mini-dishes comprising the degustation menu, which was out of this world. They advised me that they'd come from the FS George V Hotel in Paris with the goal of establishing the best French restaurant in Asia. Mission accomplished, I'd say. While the meal, with champagne and wine, cost almost half of the nightly room rate, it was more than worth it. (6) Staff/service: impeccable -- not only do the mostly young staff do everything right and go out of their way to help and advise, they are beautiful, as if they'd just come from HK fashion runways. I've really nothing bad to say about the FS HK. It's a new standard in the SAR, and I can only hope they'll run promotions similar to the one I enjoyed again in the near future. Even at regular rates, the rooms are a decent value. Well done, FS.

Hyatt--A Class Act Hyatt Dallas

Scary neighborhood I can't comment on the hotel, but the neighborhood did not look safe. We booked the hotel via Hotwire since it was advertised as Union Square West. What Hotwire doesn't tell you is that west of Union Square is The Tenderloin which is the most crime ridden neighborhood in San Francisco. We never entered the hotel because we did not want to stay in that neighborhood. Still fighting with Hotwire to get my money back but I'd rather lose the money than risk the safety of my girlfriend and property. If I didn't have my girlfriend or a car with me, I might have stayed there. For downtown San Francisco, it is a bargain. But you get what you pay for.

Excellent Hotel and Service Just returned from a week at the Beacon Hotel. Excellent hotel, location and staff. Planning second trip already and will definately be returning to this hotel. Highly recommend room 1909 completely refurbished, only downside faces Fairway market which can be quite noisy during the early hours when deliveries are being made, not good if your a light sleeper like me. We did tried Vinnies pizzeria as recommended on tripadvisor, never go there again worst pizza I have ever had. Plenty of other great restuarants to choose from and your never faraway from Starbucks which is always good news. We were there for the St Patricks day parade which was fantastic. Next trip planned for fall to see Central Park in all its glory. This hotel is so close to Central Park that we walked through it everyday, its amazing.

Definitely never again - Surrey, UK Hotel Alamanni was a depressing place situated in an office block with indifferent and less than jolly staff. Our room was very basic even though we had supposedly upgraded to an executive room. It was very noisy at night and it proved impossible to sleep with the air conditioning on as that was very noisy too. Breakfast was at best adequate and the dining area (off reception) very small. If the hotel was full it would be very difficult to seat all guests at the same time. Internet photos were very, very flattering and this hotel does not merit three stars. According to their own stationery Hotel Alamanni is a member of 'Small Elegant Hotels of the World - something we find incomprehensible!

Neat, comfortable, friendly, great location Three stars can mean a LOT worse than this - in fact, this place is more like four stars. Stayed twice in the last fortnight, and both times had excellent, comfortable rooms (great beds with huge pillows and clean, spacious en suites). Ideally located for a short walk to the main tourist areas, or the Metro, or the bus; adjacent to the Eixample area and the gay attractions, too. No need to pay premium for an allegedly 'gay boutique' hotel just up the road - this one is perfect! The reception and catering staff were friendly at all times and keen to please.For example: we were initially put, for the second stay, in a room which had a leaking tap. We rang Reception, who rang Housekeeping. Housekeeping quickly arrived to fix the tap BUT we were whisked off and upgraded instantly to another room - didn't have to ask or hint at all! This is during summer, too, so occupancy was fairly high. A sure sign that guests are their priority, I would say.

Cheap is Cheap - Old is Old First of all should anyone complain about an all inclusive for 297.00 plus taxes per person.... probably not because you shouldnt expect much at this price level. Hotel room was sub par buffet was sub par, alacartes were average, pools and beach were superberb But then i am comparing to resorts we have spent 5 times as much at . Overall a good value... dont drink local water Hotel is good to supply bottled water everywhere in the hotel and your room. Maid service was really lax.

Not Bad at All. After reading all of the reviews about this place, I've decided to write my own. I just got back from 5 weeks in Europe. This place was actually one of our favorites. First of all, no, it isn't the best place to stay at. If you are traveling though, shouldn't you be out of your room exploring. We basically just used the place to sleep and bathe. The breakfast was decent compared to all other places we stayed at. It was as many bread rolls, meat, cheese, eggs, jam, coffee, oj, apple j as you wanted. There were no mice of any sorts throughout the place. The room we had booked was occupied so they ended up putting us on the very top room. It was great. Very roomy, beds were clean and comfy. We had a sink in the room and bathroom in the hall. The decorations weren't nice but who needs decorations in a hotel when you have a gorgeous city all around you. The people at the front desk were extremely nice and helful. Our friend got sick on our stay and the lady managed to get a doctor to come to us. This is a great place for younger adults or adults who don't plan on staying in their room the whole time.

Great! My friends and I stayed at this place during San Francisco Pride. It was close to where we needed to go. The rooms were nice and cheap. The staff was friendly and helful.

Very congested and UNinviting staff/ambience I stayed here just one nite with 9 family members before taking a cruise. The lobby all rooms including dinning/breakfast were very small. Place is always packed with tourist groups and crammed. Staff was VERY unfriendly and quite rude when I provided them with my Priority Club membership--there were of no help organizing my bill on time and providing me with extra towels pillows. DO NOT STAY HERE !

Awful This Hotel is one the worst I've ever had the misfortune to stay in! However, it holds the Hotel of the year award for 2001 for the chain. But hey do not appear to have any clean bed sheets.I found black hair and big yellow puddle stains on the sheets, mattresses and comforters. I requested to move rooms and the new room had the same problems. Housekeeping came and tried to clean the bed but had to open new sheets because the replacement sheets also had stains.This Hotel is one the worst I've ever had the misfortune to stay in based upon the quality of the bedroom.What a disgusting Hotel!I checked out the same day.

My goal of pure relaxation was TRULY fulfilled!! There is only one word to describe this hotel: BREATHTAKING!!The highlight of my trip to BALI was definitely the hotel, which infuses the essence of the Balinese culture. Absolutely STUNNING. The hotel has won some of the finest hospitality awards and is consistently ranked in the top 5 resorts in all Travel industry awards, this shows.I arrived at Depansar Airport in Bali from Hong Kong, after a wonderful plane ride from LHR. I had booked a car pickup from the Four Seasons Hotel (highly recommended) Immediately upon leaving the Airport, I was warmly greeted by a Four Seasons Hotel representative dressed in white traditional Balinese wear. He was holding a Four Seasons sign. Unlike other pickups, the hotel did not display my name for discreetness.He immediately picked my luggage and we proceeded to the waiting air-conditioned Four Seasons Toyota 4x4.When we reached the vehicle the driver came out and gave me a warm greeting, took my bags for the other person and loaded the 4x4. When I got inside the vehicle, I was presented with a cold towel and chilled bottle water. Immediately we proceeded to the hotel (absolutely stressed free). The driver called the hotel to inform them that I was on my way.Prior to entering the Four Seasons property, as a security precaution heightened by 9/11 and the KUTA bombing, the vehicle was screened by 3 security guards. The entrance to the hotel was magnificent and grand. I was greeted by two gracious hostesses and shown to the sofa where I was offered a fruit punch and cold hand towel. Everyone wore traditional white Balinese clothing. Registration was done by a check-in agent as I sat on the sofa, enjoying my drink The assistant manager came out and welcomed me and he was happy to inform me that he was able to secure villa 281 that I had requested.Once done, I was given the map to this wonderful resort and was whisked away in a buggy to my villa.The drive through the villa was amazing. Once I arrived at my villa 281 another person was waiting inside to guide me through my villa.The VILLA:This wonderful resort does not have rooms, but ratter resembling a Balinese hut/village compound (totaling 2,200 Square feet of pure luxury). The 147 villas is located on a hill and overlooks Jimbaran Bay. All the villas have gorgeous panoramic view of the bay and are modeled after a Balinese village.The living and dining rooms are open air. On the dining room table was a tray of exotic fruits.There is a huge plunge pool, which is about 5 feet deep. I love the pool and used it frequently to cool down from the hot sun thing in the morning and afternoons.The bedroom is in a closed building and is well air-conditioned. Inside this building is where one finds all the luxurious Four Seasons amenities like the fabulous FS bed, the large standalone bath tub for two, floor to wall marbled washroom, and luxurious toiletries. Complimentary bottled water was provided. It was not recommended that guest drink or brush teeth using the tap water.The bathroom has two showers (one indoor and the other outdoor.SERVICE:What can I the Four Seasons way: FABULOUS. I was always addressed by name. With a staff ratio of 5 staff to1, you know service will be outstanding!!I ordered room service and decide if I wanted fries or salad with my lunch. They brought me both! One time, I ordered breakfast from room service. The food was delivered. I forgot to asked him to bring what happened? The poor guy ran all the way back to the kitchen and within 2 minutes brought me straws as he panted to catch his breadth.There were countless other examples like what can I say, OUTSTANDING, Simply Four Seasons.The gym, connected to the SPA was superb! One afternoon, I decided to pay a visit the the gym and have a workout (well I visited every day but I don't want to show off), after feeling guilty from eating way too much Indonesian food!! In the middle of my run, the gym attendant saw that I was sweating like a waterfall, came over and offered me a nice cold face towel and chilled bottled water. When I had finished running, he came over to help me stretch! Boy did that feel good. The dressing room was also amazing. Each guests using the facility received a personal locker. Each locker had a sarong, cotton bathrobes, slippers, large towel, and plastic bag for dirty clothing. There was a sauna, steam room with aroma-therapy (which I used extensively), two whirlpools (one warm one cold), and two shower rooms (which had the typical shower head and an additional rain shower head). The facility has everything one would need in terms of toiletries: Molton brown Hair Gel, Aftershave, lotions, Foot spray, Talcum powder, mouth rinse, shaving razors, combs, addition to the gym, the resort offers cooking classes, complimentary morning workouts, bike rides, tennis, and water sports of all kind.The four days went ever so quickly and I regrettably had to leave this little piece of heaven. I booked through the hotel again the transportation back to the airport. The 4x4 and driver were waiting for me at 1400h and the Four Seasons representative at the airport took my bags all the way through the immigration clearance.Jimbaran beach is excellent for swimming, as it is very calm (rare for Bali), and also has some very good fish restaurants on the beach. I don't think that it is particularly noteworthy otherwise. One one poor note, I was particularly disappointed with FS beach facilities, which consist of closely arranged chaise lounges and a few scattered umbrellas. There is basically no privacy and if you don't get an umbrella before they run out, you will boil.The hotel is a very good place if you prefer a plunge pool to the beach, and are likely to spend most of your stay in your villa. The villas are in fact excellent, beautifully landscaped and most comfortable. I think that if a spectacular beach is a must though, FS is not the place for you. Although it is a fairly large property, if you are in your villa you never see or hear anyone else and all the lush landscaping makes you feel very private. Built into the hillside with little winding trails, rice paddies, flower gardens, and sunken villas - a rushing little river complete with small waterfalls and minor rapids, and the only groups we saw were people occasionally at lunch because it seems that when in Bali, everyone tours around looking at the Aman resorts and different Four Seasons in their hotel cars, having lunch or dinner at the different places. We went to Amankila one day and I agree that is it indeed spectacular and reminded us of the Caribbean!This is a truly an outstanding RESORT.. I will certainly return.My goal of pure relaxation was TRULY fulfilled!!

Overall a good Ritz Carlton but not as good as the RC Tokyo or RC Osaka As usual, we are never disappointed by the RC Carlton service. The ambience, the staff, the service, everything is provided with diligent, flawless and attentive service. Amenities were superb, the LCD TV, the DVD player. The view is also lovely. The landscape is great.We arrived at Singapore Airport from London and a private car (provided by the hotel) was waiting for myself and my partner. Our bags were taken off us and we were escorted to the car (we never saw our luggage until we arrived in our room)The weather is very humid, together after a long flight from London and the tiredness it was nice to receive a friendly smile from the driver.Located in front of the seats were 2 cold towels and 2 bottles of perfectly chilled mineral water which was nice and refreshing after the long flight.The journey to the RC hotel was comfortable. It seemed that the journey took no time at all, maybe we fell asleep!Arriving at the hotel, both passenger doors to the car were opened and two members of staff appeared and escorted us to the club lounge to complete the check in process and have refreshments. Doors were closed, and we were escorted through the hotel. The main doors were opened, lift doors open awaiting us and upon arrival in the Club Lounge a member of staff was ready to conduct the check in process. The club lounge manager greeted us and wished us a pleasant stay. Check in was very efficient, our passports were taken away and returned within a matter of minutes. Refreshments were offered. We opted for tea (loose leaf tea) and was poured in front of us in a pleasant manner.After the refreshments we were escorted to our room (club deluxe)Our bags were awaiting us upon arrival to our room.Now to our only complaint, upon arrival to the room we both noticed that the room reeked of strong cigarette smoke. A non smoking room was booked and confirmed. Due to my partner suffering from mild asthma we complained to the club lounge manager about this. The time was now 10pm and we had been travelling for 16 hours. Around 11pm, a member of staff came into the room and sprayed the room with some air freshener. Unfortunately this made the situation much worse as the smell was disgusting and over powering. Another telephone call to the club lounge manager was made. Around 1130pm a member of staff appeared with a machine to plus in to get rid of the odour. Fortunately this worked and we retired to bed. The bedroom consisted of two large beds, with plush pillows and crisp starched white linen. Other features of the room were a large sofa and coffee table (directly in front of the bed beside the windows with numerous western and Asian magazines and periodicals), a unit with fresh flowers and oriental ornaments, a large wardrobe with a good amount of hangers, a digital safe, an iron and ironing board. Between the beds was a bedside table with light, master switch for the lights, do not disturb button, white telephone and note pad with a pen. There was a desk and chair beside the sofa and next to the bathroom door.Onto the bathroom...White bath (located next to the window), sink, toilet, step in shower, a good amount of Bvlgari toiletries (Shampoo, Bath and Shower Gel, Soap, Conditioner and bath bag). In a drawer under the sink unit was a hair brush, comb, hair dryer and mouthwash.The bath which was perfectly maintained and lime scale and crack free was huge, water pressure was excellent and the bath filled up in minutes. You can lay in the bath and your feet touch the other end. The water pressure of the shower was also excellent.Curtains and blackout blinds offering complete blackout.The Club lounge which is on the 32nd floor features magnificent 360-degree views of the city skyline. Handsomely furnished interiors provide the perfect backdrop to enjoy the five culinary and beverage presentations daily. Breakfast consisted of an Asian selection as well as a western style breakfast consisting of Fresh fruit juices, cereals, selection of fresh (and I mean fresh) fruit, champagne, mineral water, pastries (fresh and very tasty), and a small cooked selection. Tea and coffee was poured at our table and Toast was offered. Due to being out of the hotel during the day, we did not sample the luncheon service however returned for afternoon tea. Afternoon tea is a huge affair, dainty sandwiches, scones with clotted cream and preserves, dainty cakes and gateaux. Tea and coffee is poured at your table. Champagne is also available. Club lounge staff remembered I like champagne with afternoon tea and a pre dinner drink. Without asking, I was presented with a glass without asking.Cold milk served every time with tea (without asking) normally they serve tea with hot milk (I have noticed this in many Asian hotels)Extra Bvlgari toiletries during turn down (without asking)Being addressed in perfect English our names and the only place in the world where my surname is perfectly pronounced.1. The buffet was perfectly maintained and replenished throughoutMy partner was still unhappy how the hotel dealt with the problem of the cigarette odour problem the previous night. The club lounge manager dealt with our complaint in an efficient and polite manner and took off the first accommodation to compensate us.Dinner and refreshments are provided in the Club lounge, which consisted of a selection of hot and cold items, both western and Asian. Alcoholic and no alcoholic drinks (including champagne) were also available.Internet is available in the club lounge and is complementary.The hotel has a gym, due to having a busy schedule, we use the gym or the spa but the gym had the latest equipment. We wish we used the gym now. Another reason to return to the hotel.Checkout was efficient and attentive. Our bags were taken off us and we were escorted to the car for the transfer to the airport.Overall a good Ritz Carlton but not as good as the RC Tokyo or RC Osaka. Disappointing problem over the Cigarette odour but this complaint was dealt with and we were compensated.

Perfect We have stayed twice this year at the RC Tokyo. Both visits were perfect.Our first visit to the RC Tokyo was also our first visit to Japan. We arrived at Narita Airport minus our baggage due to the incompetence of British Airways!After spending over an hour filling in lost luggage forms we finally made our way to the Arrival Concourse.We had thought about getting the Limousine Bus from the Airport to the Hotel as this seemed the easiest option without getting a taxi or hotel car service which were both very expensive.I have no problem paying good money for services when they represent good value but for a one way transfer from the airport to the hotel is not good value when you can get there via public transport for about approached the desk for the limousine bus and enquired about the journey to be told there another bus to our hotel for nearly 2 hours as they are timed to coincide with arrivals. Unfortunately they timed to coincide with British Airways losing your baggage and having to stay behind filling forms in.We therefore decided to make our way to the Narita Express Train. This is just one of a number of train services that operate from the airport to different parts of Tokyo.We approached one of the automated ticket machines and followed the instructions. Simple enough, or so we thought. We then approached the ticket inspection only to be stopped and told we had only purchased a reservation and not the actual ticket.We did read up about this before we left the UK but of course after a long flight and problems on arrival we had gone and forgotten. We went back and this time went to the staffed ticket desk, there we were greeted by the always fantastically pleasant member of staff who issued us an additional ticket and off we went.The Narita Express train station is directly under the terminal, there are two stations, one at each of the two terminals and it is just as easy as the Heathrow Express. The noticeable difference is that the staff are friendly, helpful and the trains are spotless and leave bang on time.Our journey into Tokyo was quite long, about 60 minutes, through typical industrial land until you reach the outskirts of Tokyo itself when you start to see the bright neon lights, even in the middle of the afternoon.On arrival at Tokyo Station we disembarked our train into a station that handles over 4,000 train journeys a day. If you think of the size of the new St Pancras, plus the size of Kings Cross, plus the size of Euston then you will be getting near to the size of Tokyo Station. The station is located in the Marunouchi business district near the Imperial Palace and the Ginza shopping area. The station handles most of the Shinkansen (Bullet) High Speed Trains, Local and Regional Commuter Trains as well as the Tokyo Metro (Underground) network.If you intend to use the train, then there is one piece of advice I would recommend before travelling to Japan and that is to get hold of a Map of Tokyo Station before you leave. You will defiantly need it otherwise you will never get out of the station.Thankfully the RC Tokyo were kind enough to post us in advance a copy of the map and with that in hand we tried to find our way to the Metro Station.Even with a map we had to ask several people before we finally ended up in the right location. (A big thank you to everyone that helped!).If you intend to get to the RC Tokyo by Metro then you need the Marunouchi Line (Red Colour) from Tokyo Station, one stop getting off at Ginza where you change to the Hibiya Line (Silver Colour) from Ginza to Roppongi (4 Stops).The next problem was getting a ticket. We were at the entrance to a long corridor leading down to the Marunouchi Metro Line from within the Station. There were ticket machines all around us and also ticket booths.We assumed we needed a ticket from one of these booths to be able to get on the train, wrong!, if you see the green machines with JR or Japan Rail on them then these are for the Commuter Trains not the Metro.Continue down the corridor and eventually you will reach the main Metro Station Concourse where there are a large number of automated ticket machine (they take coins and notes) where you can purchase a ticket.The first time you use the metro the best options is to purchase the cheapest ticket then when you arrive at your destination, just insert your ticket; it will tell you if there is an excess fare to pay. If there is just look for the machine marked similar. Just insert your ticket and it will tell you how much to pay.The good thing with the ticket machines is that you can put your ticket in any way you like and it always takes it and produces it at the top, perfectly pressed and facing the right way, go on try it (the simple things always amaze!).On arrival at Roppongi station you will be greeted with numerous exits. If you take any of them you will end up right in the middle of a busy street with your entire luggage, instead follow the signs for connections to the Odeo line. You will basically walk along nice wide underground walkways until you see the signs for the Midtown Shopping Complex, follow these signs and you will arrive into an upmarket shopping centre where you should start to pick up signs for the Ritz Carlton. Keep making your way to the outside plaza where you will find the Ritz Carlton entrance in the corner.This is a side entrance but it certainly beats walking all the way round the complex to get to the main car entrance.From the side entrance you follow the signs to the lift and make your way up to the 42 floor, this is where the main lobby and reception is located and where the Ritz Carlton Luxury begins.As soon as we walked out of the lifts we were greeted by members of staff and escorted to the reception desk. As you take the short walk to reception you start to notice something very special. Every member of staff in the lobby seems to stop and bow at you, a polite bow back is greeted with a second bow and a smile of appreciation.At reception the escorting member of staff introduced us to the reception team, all of which bowed again and we were then welcomed by Josephine the Rooms Division Manager (on secondment from the RC Hong Kong whilst it undergoes renovation).As soon as we gave our names we were immediately recognised as being resident on the Ritz Carlton Club Floor and we were escorted up to the Club Lounge (53rd Floor) by a member of staff who then introduced us to the Club Lounge staff who handled our check in.We were immediately offered a complimentary drink, we both chose their recommended Cherry Blossom Cocktail which was champagne with a delicate taste of cherry, very welcoming after the long journey. We were also given some hot towels to refresh ourselves.The check in process was perhaps not as quick as some of the more business orientated hotels but it was certainly more luxurious and relaxing with everything being handled for you whilst you enjoy your refreshments and a view of Mount Fuji from what is Japans tallest building.When we were ready we were escorted to our room. The member of staff introduced us to the facilities and checked to see if there was anything else we needed. They had already picked up on the fact we had only two small bags and asked if our luggage had been lost, from that moment they handled everything with British Airways, telephoning them constantly for the five days we were without luggage. They even communicated with our next hotel the Ritz Carlton in Osaka and made sure they were aware of the situation offering to transport the luggage on should it arrive.The room we had booked was a Club Deluxe Room, again located on the 53rd floor just round from the club lounge.The room itself was fantastic and very well furnished. The hotel was celebrating its first birthday whilst we were there and they provided us with a bottle of very nice Bordeaux together with a RC Tokyo 1st Birthday Corkscrew in a small presentation box and some delicious chocolate truffles.The room itself had two large double beds (American sized doubles), these were of the usual high RC quality, two large wardrobes one with a laptop safe the other with integral drawers and a valet box for your overnight shoe shine.In the entrance hallway there was a side unit containing not a mini bar like some 5 star hotel provide, the RC provides an honesty bar build into the unit with fridge containing everything from the finest Remy Cognac through to the classic Japanese Sake, next to the fridge were drawers full of fine red wine, a selection of different snacks together with the facilities to mix your own cocktail.On top of the unit was a traditional Japanese tea set, the rest of the equipment such as kettle and tea or coffee, were located inside the unit.There was an additional unit inside the bedroom which contained a Bravia LCD TV with the normal interactive functions such as internet access, movies, music, etc.The room also contained a decent sized desk together with two desk chairs, lamp, stationary, power outlets including international adaptors, etc.There was also a coffee table together with a selection of western and Japanese periodicals including a book (together with a detailed map) about the sculpture / public art around the Midtown area (worth a walk around to get your bearings).The bedside tables contain a good bedside lamp together with an electronic control panel; this controls the curtains, the blind and all of the room lighting including the bathroom. It also has a do not disturb button which puts a little red light on the door outside.The bathroom was huge, bigger than the whole room at a recent supposed five star hotel we stayed at in Manchester.You enter the bathroom through a pair of wooden double doors, inside there are two large vanity units each with its own wash basin and set of drawers containing towels, hair dryer, various toiletries such as toothbrush and paste, hair brush, mouthwash, body location, mending kit, etc.There is a large deep bath that has the perfect recline for enjoying a glass of wine whilst you relax watching the TV. Yes the bathroom has its own TV. Not only that but like all technology in Japan, it far exceeds our own in Britain because this TV just like the one in the bedroom can at the press of a button translate everything that is said into another language. I just mean subtitles, it mutes out the normal speech and replaces it with that of your chosen language. Fantastic. Of course there is the usual selection of international channels there as well, watching BBC world presenters talking Japanese is very strange, but not as good as watching Japanese presenters talking in English.The bath has a handheld shower should you wish to wash your hair in the bath. There is also a separate shower room with large rain shower head.The bathroom toiletries on the Club Floor are all Bvlgari The Blanc (45ml bottles) which we enjoy.You may be wondering where the toilet is (or maybe not!) well once again those technology experts of Japan just have toilets they have TOTO.TOTO is in its own little room. It has a heated seat, automatic flush and special Think bidet, upside garden sprinkler and blow dryer all in one! All controlled from your touch button control panel. (As I previously said with the ticket machine at the Metro Station, the simple things always impress!).The bedroom also contains a small table and two arm chairs or in some rooms there is a window seat. The view out of the window is amazing; we looked right down over the Imperial Palace and most of Tokyo.I am told that the rooms at the RC Tokyo are the largest in Tokyo, I know how true this is as we staid anywhere else in Tokyo but they certainly compare well with other 5 Star Deluxe Hotels we have stayed in.Back to the Club Lounge, this is open I believe from as early as 6am through to about 10pm, every day of the week.The lounge provides complimentary refreshments throughout the day including a breakfast buffet of western and Asian foods, mid morning cakes and coffee, a light buffet lunch selection, an excellent afternoon tea buffet, an evening pre dinner selection followed by late evening drinks and desserts.The buffet always contained a mixture of western and Asian foods and it was constantly restocked. If you are only a light eater then there is more than enough to provide for you throughout your stay. We did find that late evening we were wishing for something a little more substantial so we did use room service a couple of times.The food is all presented on a large central tables and a number of side tables. You are requested to help yourself from the buffet. Drink orders are taken from you by the Ladies and Gentlemen serving in the lounge and they are then brought to your table.Champagne (I am unsure of the vintage) is free flowing so feel free to ask for it. There is a selection of different loose leaf tea and coffee is also available at anytime and is served in the finest Wedgewood china.The lounge contains a selection of sofas, comfy chairs and tables together with a small library area with newspapers and magazines as well as coffee table books. A rare Wedgwood Portland vase is on the book case.The lounge staff will do anything for you and provide all of the normal concierge services you would expect.After your first introduction at check-in it appears that every member of staff remembers your name and always makes you feel welcome.The problem we had was we only had the clothes we had travelled in together with a pair of jeans each in our hand luggage. The staff were very understanding of this and mind us using the lounge for the time being in our jeans and trainers.I would say that I would not personally as a guest like people to use the hotel or the lounge with such clothes in an evening. Whilst T-Shirts and Jeans are fine for sightseeing they do lower the class of a hotel in an evening. With this in mind we set about finding some suitable clothes and went into the shopping centre next door. The problem we had was that Japanese clothing sizes quite accommodate our western physiques!We therefore went back into the hotel we were again immediately greeted by Josephine who instantly recognised us. We told her of our predicament and she immediately sprung into action by ringing round clothing stores for us. She then provided us with a clear map and directions together with opening times and escorted us down to the main entrance.Within a few hours we at least had a change of clothes we could use within the hotel without feeling too out of place. We just had to pray the holiday insurance would pay out as the Japanese prices for clothes were worse than Sloan Square!We enjoyed room service a number of times throughout our stay, on each occasion the food was delivered quickly and presented on a small dining table brought to our room all set up for dinner together with starched white table cloth, small square vase with an flower in, cut crystal glassware etc.The food was very fresh and of excellent quality and quantity, kept hot in special heated boxes so none of the problems of cold food like some hotels seem to be good at!It was also explained to us on each occasion to phone down and they will remove the table straight away as they knew they can sometimes get in the way. We tested it and within 3 minutes of the call it was gone!I did use the hotel gym during our stay; it certainly puts every UK gym I have ever been to shame. The gym is located on the 54th floor and has all the latest Life Style fitness equipment, together with a warming up area, smith machine, benches, free weights, barbells, dumbbells and a varied selection of resistance machines. The cardio machines overlook the City skyline and have televisions built into the machine showing the same channels as in the bedrooms together with various western and Asian music channels and radio stations. All the gym staff are friendly and approachable and welcome and greet you personally whilst you are in the gym (at shift changes new staff even greeted me)If you are in any difficulty whilst in the gym, there are discreet camera dotted around the suite, so if you are in any difficulty whatsoever, a member of staff will appear and help you; I was having difficulty in using the Smith machine and after several minutes on working how to screw more weights onto the machine, a member of staff appeared and helped me.Throughout our stay the hotel staff were fantastic, they anticipated our needs at all times such as providing double the amount of toiletries on the second day as they had found out our bags were still missing.Perfect. Harmony in a very busy City.

Better than the RC Powersocurt, not as good as the RC Osaka Last week I spent two nights in the Ritz Carlton in a Junior Suite ( 410 EUR per night, breakfast an extra of 28EUR). The hotel is part of the new Beisheim Center, built in elegant american architecture style and it includes the Ritz Carlton, office spaces, apartments and a Marriott Hotel as well. The Beisheim Center is owned by Otto Beisheim (80 years old German billionaire, founder of the Metro trade group) and located on the Potsdamer Platz, the former nomansland, where the Berlin Wall went through. I arrived at the hotel around 11:45am, albeit the early time, my suite was however ready. The problems started when I tried to enter my room - the keycard didn't work. So I asked somebody from the hotel staff, who was walking by, to open my room. I entered the room and had the intention to phone the reception desk to bring me a new card - unfortunately the phone didn't work. None of the 3 phones in my room. And 20 minutes already passed by and I was still waiting for my little piece of luggage to arrive in my room. So I went to the reception desk and asked for a replacement of my keycard and the whereabouts of my luggage and told them to get my phone working. After 10 more minutes my luggage arrived and I decided to try the spa and fitness facilites of the hotel. The swimming pool is rather small, just enough to refresh yourself. Two hours later I was back in my room and the phone still wasn't working. I got dressed and left the hotel, stopping by the reception desk, and told them again to fix the phone - which they did at an unknown time later that day.Some other annoyances: No LAN/Fax/phone/electric socket right on the writing desk in the room - it's all on the floor under the desk, so you have to crawl around. And no WiFi in the room. I think this is unacceptable for a brand new built 5*+ hotel.The suite itself is really nice. They did a great job in building this hotel but the service and some other details need improvement.FBWe ordered in Room Service for dinner as our dinner plans fell apart at the last minute. We ordered very simple food -- a cheeseburger with fries, french onion soup, a chicken panini, and caesar salad. The food was decent if not again aggressively salted. The meal was fairly timely (late by 7 minutes) but was not very hot by the time it arrived.Breakfast:The quality of the breakfast was decent but nothing mind-blowing. Service was awkward and not particularly attentive. Eggs were cooked to perfection and the coffee was excellent.ServiceI understand that we visited at a terribly busy time but fundamental service gaffes pervaded the hotel part of our stay. I think the hotel cannot handle the volume of business for its size and it most certainly did not handle the chaos very well.I had to prompt the hotel at almost every step -- the service was not effortless or intuitive; at best, it was reactive and only when prompted. We had requested turn down at a certain time, but housekeeping came at their convenience. When we asked her to return later, we were told that she could not come back.Such issues marred what could have been a wonderful stay and should not have happened at a hotel of supposed calibre as the Ritz Carlton.

Not so good not so bad. I spent one night with my g-friend on 07/16 our second time in a year for weddings. The rate was great for the area but this property is old. I would say a great family value for those looking to stay on south beach without the high prices. They have a large pool with cabana rentals available. The food can be pricey and not so good. The breakfast buffet is good though. The rooms are spacious but the comforters and pillows need upgrading. They have been slowly updating the hotel but they should have sank more money into it and made it more contemporary. It has a well-kept older facility feel to it. Boring but not a rip off.

Service Service Service I spent a week with my g-friend over Labor Day for Bumbershoot. The Gray line airporter drops off around the corner from the hotel for about 10 per person, by cab 28 total but make sure they give you the flat rate or Town Car is 38. The location is central downtown across the street from W. a quick walk to most points of tourist or business interest. Yes the Space Needle is a bit far off but you can take the monorail at the Westlake Center, which is an easy walk away. For the tourist the Underground tour, Public Market, Space Needle and EMP are a must. Leave a bit of room in your luggage because the shopping is great. The neighborhood is very safe and clean. Room: The Mediterranean Suite is quite large, equipped with a two-person Jacuzzi tub and small stand up glass-enclosed shower. The room had no view but we did not care. The room was clean except for a small throw blanket that adorned the foot of the bed, which we took off. It was tastefully decorated and the walls were striped. Trust me you wont feel like you are in a stale hotel. Ask for a gold fish or bring your well-behaved dog for company.Service: All aspects are excellent. Front desk house keeping concierge room service bell desk are all ready to provide you with the warm and professional service. Test them they flinch.Gym: Open 24 hours with several newer cardio machines and a few dumbbells. The highest weight being 25. They have water towels and a TV. however is within walking distance.Gastronomy: Sazerac is worth a try if not impressive amusing.This was my third visit to Seattle first to Monaco. While I like the beds at Westin better I prefer Monaco at least until I can afford W. This being my g-friends first visit to both she wants to go back for Bumbershoot next year and stay at Hotel Monaco.

Sparkling fresh and new. The view from our room.

Downtown and up there with the best of them View of the Space Needle from our hotel room

Youthful and modern What a breath of fresh air. A unique experience....most of it delightful but one or two negative points.The positives (and there were many):1) Very helpful friendly staff2) Personal internet booking service- staff offered to arrange restaurant bookings and an airport pickup via email3)Central location just off La Ramblas but very quiet4) Relaxing rooftop terrace5) Free drinks and snacks available in the lobby 24 hours a day6) Free internet access (one terminal) in the lobbyThe negatives:1) Decor felt like a rather stark version of Habitat - funky but not comfy or homely. Lobby felt like a shop interior, not a hotel.2) Bedroom and lounge were dark and rather unwelcoming. The coolness might have been a relief in the heat of the summer but not at the end of March.Despite these gripes, the overall experience was very positive because the staff were all so kind.

Another bullseye for Tripadvisor! I picked this hotel out for our 4 night stay in Manhattan in July because of the rave reviews on Tripadvisor. I was not disappointed.Positive features: Great location in midtown Manhattan; very helpful staff; complimentary buffet breakfast with free newspapers; large bedrooms for New York; complimentary drinks and nibbles in the Club Room from 5pm to 8pm Monday to Friday; room rates very reasonably priced.Negative features:Only one rather slow elevator; bedrooms somewhat dark and dingy.These are minor gripes. I can highly recommend the place and would certainly stay there again.

Better than I expected Reception

Average Sydney hotel The hotel is sandwiched between Chinatown and the Entertainment Centre, which is quite convenient but means you won't get much of a view, at least not from the lower floors. The rooms are reasonably comfortable - not large, but I have seen much smaller in Sydney. Windows do not open, so it can get a little stuffy in the room. The gym is tiny, and the whirlpool (which seats just 4 people) would not operate when we tried it. Breakfast had quite a wide range including a self-serve juice bar, but was missing a few of my favourites e.g. toasted muesli, cream, and plain, gelatine-free yogurt. For tea and coffee, you have to catch the attention of the staff, but they do serve it hot. All the hotel staff were friendly and efficient. Overall it is a reasonable city hotel, but neither especially exciting nor a stand-out bargain.

Wouldn't stay anywhere else in NYC Stayed here for the second time this past weekend, this time for two nights. Amazingly comfortable bed. Quiet. Lovely free continental breakfast daily. Convenient to everything in midtown. Valet parking in garage next door. Monkey Bar entry through the lobby is great. Monkey Bar itself has really unusual drinks, all of which were great for us. Hope to return really soon, as there's not much more fun than going to great theaters and restaurants in Manhattan, and not having to concern yourself with the long drive home. Met our daughter and boyfriend for brunch at Bar Americain Sunday morning, and they said they've never seen us so relaxed and happy. If I could afford it, I'd stay there every weekend, but the restaurant bills would bankrupt me, considering I like to go to places like Le Bernardin when I'm in town.

Good, But Could have Been Better I stayed at this property four nights in mid-January of 2008.After booking me into one of the worst rooms in the hotel (one of six rooms with no balcony and a bed which was against the wall right next to the parking garage) I was reassigned to a better room in the mauka tower. The difference was like night and day!There was a big screen TV, comfortable king-sized bed, and a partial ocean view for the AAA room rate of $215. The room originally asssigned to me was barely worth half that amount. To their credit, Lisa at the front desk acted swiftly to remedy this problem. Generally, it was well maintained , but this older (I remember it as the Hawaiian Regent in the Seventies) property still felt like it had a way to go before it would be worth the money to any one paying more than I did per night. The hotel was not shy about squeezing you for the extras, either. Approx. $14 a day for use of the internet, $20 a day for parking, and $1 for each local phone call. Be prepared for lots of large tour groups as well.In sum, a decent place to stay, but be very careful of the rate you pay, and don't be afraid to speak up if you don't like your room.

Incredible value at the Brighton Eiffel Tower from our balcony

Centralized and easy access to everything. Great place for those on a budget and even better for those who aren't; so you can safe your money for better things (SHOPPING). Only a block away from the main strip which makes it very peaceful when you need those evening to catch up on sleep or a long day of activities at the beach. I will most definitely be staying here only when visiting Waikiki because the staffs are very friends and the house cleaning is top rate. Can't imagine any other place I would stay because what it boils down to is a clean and safe place to lay your head after a long day of fun.

Great Place For The Money!!! Very centralized. Easy access to public transportation because the buses stop only a few step from the hotel.

Stunning Outstanding Hotel, decor superb, rooms of the highest standard. Could not fault this hotel in any way. Roof top views stunning. Highly recommend staying here. You will not be the slightest dissapointed

Great Place to stay This is a truly fine hotel. The rooms are pretty with great views of the French Quarter. The staff was kind and courteous. We paid less than $200 per night for a beautiful two room suite. Not sure if that is usual or not. Sadly, we didn't get a balcony like some of the other rooms had. Parking was $30 per day, so beware of that. But all-in-all a great place to stay.

Excellent Value for Money Located one and half block from the Isla Verde beach (very clean) and next to a Pueblo grocery store. Excellent value for money. We got a suite on the seventh floor consisting of a living-dining area, small microwave, coffee maker, fridge and wet bar as well as a great bedroom with a very comfortable king sized bed. The hotel has a lovely atrium and a superb pool with a waterfall and hot tub. They provide a free hot breakfast buffet including cooked to order eggs, omelettes, or pancakes. In the afternoon they have a two-hour party with a free open bar. There is also an Outback Steakhouse on the premises. The hotel has a small gym and a coin laundry. The only thing that needs improvement is the room safe. It operates with a key that is inconvenient and requires an $85 deposit. Overall, it is an excellent hotel if you do not absolutely need to be inches from the beach.

Great Room, good conf facilities This is an on airport property. The only bad thing I could name was that I couldn't take the train to my desired terminal because I had checked luggage and wasn't on american airlines.'As soon as I arrived via shuttle bus from my terminal, bell staff was there to take my bags. (golf bags get me automatic bell service, otherwise I haul them.) They were very responsive, timely, helpful, etc. The bell man even suggested restaurants (unsolicited) and other helpful info.My usual late arrival room service was very good, but pricey. The sunset over the runway/traffic control terminals was very cool. The full moon was equally good. Who could have imagined a room with a view at the airport. (No noise either!)The room was very modern, very clean, and well apportioned. Maid service was good.When I needed to catch the shuttle to terminal e, the bellman/limo driver was extremely helpful. (A cabbie didn't know where one of the better known golf courses or hotels was located the day before.)I'd stay there again!.

Great historic hotel with modern amenities I've stayed in many 'historic' hotels throughout the world. Historic at most just means old. At the Adolphus, it was a clean, restored, updated with modern amenities where necessary, and a great hotel. I had a red-eye flight into Dallas. I'd called two days before to see if I could check in early. A room was ready for me at 7:00 a.m. (without charge.) It was clean. Room service was fine (and seemed reasonably priced..)I'm a business traveler so I measure things by clean, fast internet, thick towels, good bed, and warm water. They passed on all. They shower head was adjustable and was actually unique. It sprayed directly down on top of you.I'd stay there again.

Ideal place to stay Excellent central and quiet location. Clean modern interior. Good value. Was very pleased and would stay there again. Had a single room which was well-furnished with a good-sized bed.

Highly recommended My wife and I stayed 4 nights from 24 September. This hotel lives up to all the positive reviews here. It is conveniently located in a quiet street in a classy residential area, about 15 minutes stroll from the Arc de Triomphe and the Champs and about 5 minutes walk from the Porte Maillot stop of the Air France airport shuttle bus, which is about 30 minutes from the airport. The staff at the Residence Foch are delightful.

Makes you feel special The magic shoe box

Hilton Hawaiian Village, a great property The family and I just returned from a 7 day stay in the Hilton Hawaiian Village and we had a great time. The wife and I were celebrating our 10th wedding anniversary and decided to stay at the village because we were going to have over 12 people in total with 4 children under 11 and thought this would be a great place to spend our 7 days. While the Village is a great property there were a few proplems. We stayed in the newer Kalia tower the newest of the 4 towers on the property and we had an ocean view. The room was average size, a little small for the amount of money the hotel charges, but the view is probably the reason for the rate. A plus about the room is that there was a little mini fridge in the room which would play a major role in our stay. We had 2 doubles in the room which were very comfortable. There was a standard 32 inch TV in the room with many cable channels. But again for the money that was charged there should definately be a flat screen in the room. But that is a minor issue. In the room were also a wet bar, a safe (which you can use for a minor fee) a writing desk and a recliner. High speed internet was also available for a small fee. The bathroom was a good size with a bath and shower. In our tower itself there was a spa and pool on level 4 and a Starbucks and a store selling those miniture guitars that are so popluar in Hawaii in the lobby. The grounds at the Hawaiian Village were beautiful and big! To get from one part of the property to the other it took a little walking but at least you had a lot of eye candy to look at while you were walking. There were flamingos, penguins, parrots, many types of birds all walking around on the property. Also many different types of flowers, trees, and other plant life. I definately had the feel of being in Hawaii just by walking around the resort. My wife and mother loved the fact that there were over 90 different types of shops on the hotel grounds. So any time we had to walk across the grounds for any reason it gave them an excuss to just look. The only drawback with the grounds that I can think of is the traffic. Because there are a lot of people in the Village there are cars that constantly come and go out of the property. So you always have to be careful that you watch were you go when you cross the street within the property when you go to the other side of the Village. Within the property there are many different resturants serving a variety of foods. There was an Italian resturant, a Japanese steakhouse were they cook the food right in front of you, Bar and Grills, and even a Round Table Pizza. You could also find on the property an Ice Cream parlor, a Hot Dog place and a buffet resturant that was open to the outside private beach. If you decide to eat at the resturants, however, make sure that you bring plenty of cash because they are not cheap. Each resturant is at least 2 times as much as the same type of resturant would on the mainland. Even Round Table and the Ice Cream parlor were much higher then normal. But, I guess that is the price you pay for being in Hawaii. Many of our dinners were spent outside of the resort (luau, dinner cruise and others) so we didn't have to spend the high prices. When we did want lunch we went down to the ABC store right on the property and bought lunch meat, bread chips and sodas and used the fridge in our room. We saved a lot of money doing that. Not that we were being cheap, but i just couldn't see myself spending $30.00 for a kids lunch that they probably would even finish. On the property there were many places to swim. There was the swimming pool hot tub on the 4th floor of our tower. They were a little small so we were only there 1 time. We spent much more time at the Super Pool, private beach and lagoon on the property. Every time we went to the Super Pool we had a good time. We always had chairs to sit our stuff on, there never seemed to be a lot of people there, and the pool was so big we could splash around a little. The lagoon was lovely. Again not a lot of people when we went so we could spread our stuff out of the beach and have a good time. We rented a paddle boat and went around the lagoon which the kids loved. The only drawback with the lagoon and also the beach was you had to rent beach chairs. I felt for the amount you pay for everything they could at least let us use the beach chairs for no charge. Overall we had a great time at the Hilton Hawaiian Village. They have everything you can think of right on the property and the service was great as well. If a person wanted to they can stay right on the resort and never leave; I wouldn't recommend it because there is so much to do on the island, but you could. The only problems I had with the resort is the size of the room for the money, the price of the resturants and you get nickel and dimed for things that could've been included. But with that said, if your looking for a hotel for the family I would recommend the Hilton Hawaiian Resort.

Not a holiday hotel I would agree 100% with the traveller who stayed here on the 26th of July. We arrived 2 days later and were shocked to find ourselves out in the middle of nowhere. To get to the tram line you have to go through a very dodgy underpass and I wouldn't have liked to have been out in the area at night. The room was stifling (you could only open the windows about 10cm) and when you did it was non stop traffic noise. The staff, although pleasant, did not seem very motivated and a 5 to 10 minute wait to be served at the bar was not uncommon even when no one else was there. This is a business hotel and should be advertised as such, we read every review available at the time but nothing prepared us for living in an industrial estate. It was so bad that on the first night we spent most of it on the free internet computer trying to get a flight home!!

Wow! The bathroom... what a shower!

Ripped off and Mislead on Upgrade - Food Poisoning Beware Overall a nice hotel if you discount the food poisoning we got on the first day - 3 of us ate only hotel food and we all suffered from Diarrhea and stomach cramps for the first 3 days of our holiday.Also beware that whilst the resort is nice the beach across the road (Nusa Dua) is a dump. If you want to go on banana boats all day and don't mind being hassled all the time then you might like it...If you want to swim in polluted water with hundreds of jet skis and speed boats or stay in the resort (assuming you have a cast iron stomache) all the time then consider this as an option otherwise go to Kuta, Seminyak or any of the hundreds of other nice beaches in BaliThe hotel was overbooked when we arrived and as a nice touch they upgraded our room to a villa - not exactly a villa but a sort of one room apartment - the first night was free since this was there mistake but in broken English we were told that we could stay in the villa for an extra $70 which sounded very reasonable and we were happy not to have to move again after the tiring journey...Half way through the stay we decided to check how much room service and drinks were because we didn't want a horrible shock at the end - we then found out that the upgrade was $70 dollars a night despite what we had been told on check in... ahhh!!Needless to say we moved back with some difficulty to the standard room that was actually more comfortable and at first we told they were doing us a big favour in allowing us to do this...As I have seen from other reviews its all fine until you have a problem and then they won't budge - overall their poor attitude at rectifying problems caused is saddening and frustrating and leaves a very sour taste in your mouth...We spoke with the management many times and they eventually offered us a 20% discount on the upgrade costs - this was a small consolation really since we were in a family group with 3 rooms and spent a huge amount on drinks etc. Infact the discount offered didn't even cover the cost of the food that upset our stomaches - great service!The resort is a nice place - but Nusa Dua beach is a dump and the restaurant consistently upset our stomaches - seriously Kuta is a big improvement and much cleaner despite the crowds.Also you should know it takes about 30 minutes in taxi (8-15 $US) to get to Kuta or Seminyak and the number of reasonably priced restaurants in walking distance is very limited.I am very confused as to why Nusa Dua is the home to a lot of the upmarket Hotels - you would expect the beach to be nicer than Kuta et al - honestly it's not even close...Barely is a lovely place and the local people are mostly really nice but choose where you stay carefully or it may cast a distinct shadow over your holiday.

Could not be more central From the time we arrived the staff were very pleasant and couldnot do enough for you. We would reccomend a stay here. Right next to Times Square and a bus stop 50 metres away. Book in advance directly with the hotel to get one of the Special Offers to include breakfast. The breakfast alone will keep you going throughout the day and they encourage you to wrap up some cold meat for a snack later.

GREAT TIME. HIGHLY RECOMMEND! We tried this location after many years in Cancun. We didn't know what to expect but were pleasantly surprised. Especially after some of the negative reviews on this site. Granted the ride from the airport was a little long, once we arrived it got much better. The staff was great, food was good and the grounds were well taken care of. My wife and I left looking forward to coming back again next year. It did have some downsides but overall turned out to be a fantastic vacation. I highly recommend this property for anyone who likes the all inclusive style vacation.

Great hotel with great service We stayed at the Hilton Arc de Triomphe for eleven days, using our Hilton Honors points, and we were extremely satisfied with our stay to the point that I wrote thank you notes to many of the staff and sent a summary writeup to the customer service manager of this hotel. We were fortunate in getting a room upgrade that had a balcony, and access to the executive lounge. As many flights from the U.S. arrive early in the morning, it is important that the hotel expedite room availability upon arrival. The hotel let us check in at the lounge and then expedited our room for us, while we had breakfast in the lounge. A full breakfast is provided each day with a wide variety of food including an excellent machine that makes all forms of coffee ranging from espresso to cappucino's. You could also request a full pot of regular American style coffee. One nice thing about this hotel is that most of the key staff speak English and French and this is very handy, especially for those of us who have never been to France before. The concierge staff were really helpful in providing directions (very necessary in Paris), and restaurant recommendations. We also received help over and above the call of duty when I had my wallet stolen on the Paris Metro. The hotel customer service manager on duty called all of our credit card companies for us gratis, and arranged for an interpreter to accompany us to the local police station to report our loss. This helped to reduce our distress immensely. We also used the restaurant on two occasions and had excellent reasonably priced meals (by Paris standards) both times. Each night we had a different chocolate treat awaiting us, and we were able to use the executive lounge about 75% of our time at the hotel. This enabled us to get by with buying an average of one meal a day in Paris, which helped to minimize the horrendous $-Euro exchange rate. Our room was very nice, and very tastefully decorated, with a nice bathroom with excellent amenities, including luxurious towels. The room had a coffee/tea maker, a minibar, and iron and ironing board. The hotel is situated on the right bank in a business district, with two Metro stations nearby. We were able to get to almost any destination in Paris within 20-30 minutes maximum. If you are a Hilton Honors member there is no better way to maximize your points than staying at this hotel.

found with pleasure From our deluxe twin on the 42nd floor we gaze over Tokyo. The room is perfectly designed, plasma on the wall and smaller tv in granite bathroom. A walk in closet is big ehough for 2 king size cases. Room service arrives in 11 minutes, 2 waiters roll a trolley of perfectly prepared food in and arrange us in no time. The beer is cold. At night we eat in the 52 floor restaurant. good food, a inferior lady jazz singer wails away. The top floor pool has great views but a very powerful smell of chlorine has us both retching, gasping for clean air. A great experience in a fascinating country.

Loved the Seven Bridges room #6

Great Place for the Wharf Probably the most comfortable bed i have slept in, despite jet lag we slept like logs, staff very friendly and accommodating, concierge service excellent, very close to Fisherman's wharf which wqas exactly waht we expected, touristy, quirky and a bit tacky, but so what you're on Holiday. Taking advice from others we breakfasted at the Hollywood cafe, it was a lot smaller than I anticipated but the service was excellent and the breakfast was the benchmark for all others on our trip, it was never bettered. On eof our party suffering with jet-lag turned up at 6-45 am and was told We don't open until 7-00 but come in and have a coffee while you wait!! The imtationtram tour bus just round the corner is recommended , knowledgable and entertaining guide anda good value trip.

Great Location, Great Value The room

Good for a cheap stay Ok, the Ronda Hotel. I will say it is probably one of the poorer quality hotels I have stayed in, but I have been quite lucky for the majority of the time. I was travelling with my girlfriend and a mate and we were looking for a cheap night in Barcelona as our plane arrived late.The man at the check out was not in the best of moods and didn't know a word of English, luckily someone was there to help him, though I couldn't understand him he seemed in an extremely grumpy mood. We luckily had a room on the very top floor and it was situated so noise from other rooms wasn't a problem. In the morning some repair men were around and some noise was heard at around 6 am, but apart from that we heard nothing.Not to ramble on, the hotel is in a poorer part of Barcelona, while it is central the surroundings didn't feel as safe the room was clean, very basic but at 51 euro for the night for 3 of us (on last minute.com), we weren't expecting much and was great for what we needed it for. A cheap bed the first night before we caught the train down the coast. We were in Barcelona a few days later at the Catalonia Albinoni, a bit more expensive but a fifty times better hotel refer to review, the service desk there said if your facing the sea, try and stay on the left side of Las Ramblas and from what we witnessed this is true.I woudln't recommend this hotel for people looking for a nice hotel but a cheap stay with clean rooms its fine.Breakfast, we paid 10 euro p.p and it was quite ordinary.

Nice place! Great Location! I just got back from Wyndham's Bourbon Orleans. I read the reviews on here before I booked and I was a little unsure how the trip was going to go. After staying there....I'm not sure what all the negative people are talking about. This place was pretty nice. The hotel was historic and had a great feel to it. The location was perfect and the staff was friendly. The rooms were small but that is the case with most older hotels. I did have a problem with the in room safe being locked when we checked in. They told me there is nothing they can do but they did offer to use a lock box at the counter. You may also want to note the $30 a day parking charge. Overall I was pretty happy with the place and I imagine I will go back.

Wonderful Hotel As this was my first visit to Barcelona we booked the Duquesa de Cardona based on the reviews posted on this web site. As soon as we walked in the front door we were greeted with a warm reception. The room I requested was #43 facing the front of the hotel and over looking the Marina both the bedroom and bathroom were large and very clean when we return we will stay here again. The staff was very helpful and spoke very good english. Ask for a room in the front as the rear rooms face a building and are some what smaller. Great loacation a short walk to the La Rambla and the Picasso Museum.

Negatives outweigh the positives My wife and I stayed at the Stanford Court with two other couples for three nights prior to a week's visit to the wine country in northern California. On balance, although the hotel does have some positive features, our collective opinion was that the negatives outweighed the positives.On the positive side: great location on Nob Hill just a half block from the intersection of three cable car lines. The staff is friendly, professional and helpful. The public areas and Fournou's Oven (the restaurant) are attractive and comfortable.The guest rooms were quiet during our stay,although the hotel appeared to be full. But the negatives: all three of our rooms were TINY with no views whatsoever. My wife and I were using Marriott rewards points for our stay, but the other two couples were paying regular non-discounted rates, yet all three of us commented on these being perhaps the smallest hotel rooms we have stayed in in many years.The entrance to the hotel is not on the street, but set back in an attractive courtyard. Traffic was frequently congested in the courtyard and there were sometimes long waits for taxis although there were numerous free taxis passing by on the street outside of the courtyard.TV reception was barely adequate on old TV sets in our rooms. There is no free internet connectivity, although there is an option to purchase a high speed (not really) connection through the iBahn system in the room for $9.95 per day. Like all Marriott properties, this is a totally non-smoking facility. One may view this as either a plus or a minus, but smokers are relegated to a dark corner of the courtyard where a few ashtrays and seats are provided.On balance, especially because of the tiny rooms, we would not stay here again on our future visits to the San Francisco area.

See the real Hong Kong Just returned from a thoroughly enjoyable stay at the Ramada Hong Kong. Very pleasant hotel. Room was more like a suite with a view over the harbour. Breakfast was about extra each but well worth it. Tram and bus stops right outside. Plenty of restaurants full of locals within 2/3 minutes. At only a night per room it was a real bargain..

Great View Away from the Hustle Cracking views over the East River and its location a lttle away from the madding crowd but still with good transport links were the highlights. Forget the hotel breakfasts though, part of the fun was eating with the locals in nearby delis and diners.

Location, location, location... view from the rooftop terrace at night

Decent hotel The Marriott is a good, decent choice in the Fisherman's Wharf area. The hotel is centrally located in the wharf, but away from the main street. Close enough to waterfront, but away from all of the noise. Also close to the cable car turnaround. The Fisherman's Wharf area is very touristy, with the atmosphere of a seaside town more than a big city. The hotel staff was friendly and helpful. The rooms are decent and clean, but, could definitely use some updating.While not the most luxurious hotel around, it is a solid choice and would recommend it if you get a reasonable price.

Loved the Place I recently stayed at the Arizona Biltmore 12/4/04 - 12/8/08. This was the second time that I stayed at the Biltmore. This is one of my favorite resorts. I think that the hotel and the grounds are beautiful. I loved the Frank Lloyd Wright type architecture and the grounds were well-manicured. Yes, the grounds are a little confusing at first with the buildings sprawled around the property, but you get the hang of it really fast. The resort has a lot of comfortable areas where you can just sit and relax, maybe read a book of just people watch. The weather was lousy during this visit - 50 degrees and raining for four straight days - but the resort is comfortable enough so that you don't feel trapped in your room. They also run a shuttle to the Biltmore Fashion Park right outside of the hotel. Be warned that the shopping area is outdoors. The room was large and comfortable and nicely decorated. The bathroom had a double sink. The room may seem dated if you are not a fan of Frank Lloyd Wright, but the decor is appropriate to the theme. The pool area is great. The pools themselves are large and there is a water slide. Unfortunately, on this visit, the weather prevented anyone from using the pool. On my last visit, the pool area was quite crowded on the weekend when it was 100 degrees. However, there are othere pools around the resort that are not as crowded and much more quiet. I found the staff to be friendly and extremely helpful. The concierge was great with sightseeing suggestions and directions. I ate the cafe for lunch a couple of times and was able to order items that were not on the menu.Overall, I loved the resort and would definitely stay there again. A couple of minor negatives that I will mention. I thought that the spa area was small for a resort of that size. The locker room was small and the indoor whirlpool, sauna, and steam room all seemed cramped in too small of a space. Also, the resort will tack on several charges to your daily rate. There is an automatic $3.00 per day housekeeping charge and a one-time $10 bellman charge. Also, expect anything that you buy on the resort grounds to be twice the amount that you would pay outside.

Enjoyed my stay at the Hotel Arts I stayed at the Hotel Arts for a business conference at the beginning of March 2005. The hotel is very nice. The decor of the public areas is modern looking - more like a W than a Ritz Carlton. The staff is very nice and helpful and just about everyone spoke English - particularly the front desk staff and concierge. The staff was helpful in giving directions, recommending activities, and they arranged an 5:00 A.M. taxi to the airport. The location of the hotel is away from the main tourist area, but only a short cab ride away. If you are in decent shape, you can walk to La Rambla in about 20 minutes. I would imagine that during the summer the location is very attractive, being right on the beach. Unfortuantely, it was very cold during my stay (it even snowed one day). The rooms were very nice. I stayed in a regular room which was extremely large by European standard. However, it did take me a while to figure out the light switches and, even with all of the room lights on, it seemed dark in the room. The rooms could use a little sprucing up. The rug looked like it was a bit ragged. However, all in all, I would say that the Hotel Arts is a wonderful hotel and would not hesitate to recommend staying here.

Nice Hotel I recently stayed at the Hyatt at Fisherman's Wharf. The hotel has recently been renovated and the room are very nice. Blues and browns with modern wood furniture. The bed was comfortable. The lobby was nice, but unimpressive. The hotel also has an outdoor pool and hot tub, but I did not get to use the facilities as it was too cold.The hotel's location is in the center of Fisherman's Wharf and convenient to the cable cars and other transportation to the business district of San Francisco. There is a supermarket and a drug store a block away from the hotel.The staff at the hotel was very nice. The front desk staff was very pleasant and welcoming. The bellmen were helpful, arranging transportation for me to a business meeting outside of the city. The hotel has a sports bar/restaurant - Knuckles. It is said to be a historical location. The food was good (although not great_ and the service was very good. Generally, its burgers, sandwiches, and the like, although there are some higher-end offerings.All in all, if you are looking for a nice hotel in the Wharf area of San Francisco, I would recommend this hotel. It is much nicer than other hotels that I have stayed at in the Wharf area. The only caveat I will mention is that the Wharf is very touristy and reminds me of being at the Jersey Shore (which I quite enjoy also). If you are looking for a more upscale area, stay in Nob Hill.

Great Hotel I recently stayed at the W Seattle. I was hesitant at first to stay at this hotel as I am not fond of the trendy hotels. At this price point, I usually prefer hotels such as the Four Seasons. However, I needed to stay here to meet with business colleagues. I was very pleasantly surprised with my experience. I loved the hotel and would definitely stay here again when returning to Seattle.The hotel has a very modern, hip look and feel. The rooms were very nice and spacious. They had a very comfortable feel to them, especially the large sofas against the windows. The staff was very pleasant and accomodating. The front desk was very welcoming. The blow dryer in my room was not working. When I alerted the front desk, it was replaced immediately. I ordered room service the first night. The food was good, and was delivered promptly. I liked the extra touch of the candy Nerds that were included in the delivery. I also ate breakfast and lunch at the hotel's restaurant. Again, the staff was very nice and service was prompt and efficient. The location of the hotel was central to everything. It is a few blocks to the Seattle Art Museum and the marketplace. It was within walking distrance to the monorail to the space needle and also to Pioneer Square. If you are looking for something fun and unusual to do, there is a great underground tour in Pioneer Square. The only negative to the location is that the area is quite desolate at night and there really is not much nearby except other hotels and office buildings.All in all, I really enjoyed my stay at the W Seattle and would highly recommend staying there.

Just OK for the price My family and I stayed in a Mediterranean Suite for 3 nights, and to begin with the location of Le Meridien is truly excellent--close to sightseeing spots and metro stations!But other than that a few problems occured:The telephones in the room were out of services and were not fixed. The suite lacked a plasma tv--a very mediocre CRO TV with poor video quality. The furniture in the room was worn out!Concierge was not properly staffed.Fairly friendly staff thoughThe terrace of the suite is a big plus--especially nice with sunny conditions.When you are paying 500 Euro or so for a night, one would surely expect more from the hotel--probably the room amenities and decoration would be better in the renovated rooms--but still no excuse after the hotel has undergone a 30 million Euro revamp!Overall so so experience, might try H1898 just next to Le Meridien next time.

Fantastic stay! Having stayed at the rather pleasant Alfonso XIII in Seville two days ago, my family and I were equally happy during our stay here. We booked an Executive Suite--very spacious with--finally a plasma TV in the living room!! Quality bedding and excellent view!The only criticism of the room is the poor quality of woodwork--closets, door locks were poorly maintain and we all really struggled to get in and out of the bathroom every single time! Concierge was very helpful and always fully staffed.The restaurant--La Rotonda--simply fantastic! We had an Opera Brunch on Sunday, truly amazing experience!Overall a very nice stay here and will definitely stay here again!N.B. The room service menu is severely over priced---we were charged 30 euros just for a club sandwich!Also Westin charges 170 Euros for a 50 minute in-room spa--what a rip off!

Better than I imagined. bathroom

Pass on the Marriott Courtyard I am frequent business traveler and know hotel chains well. It was hard to believe this was a Marriott hotel because of the general low standards. The staff, because they were Chinese, were very courteous and responsive, but they were not well trained and all my dealings with hotel staff were disorganized. Check-in confusing at the 16th floor. I was told at the front desk I had upgrade, but it was not apparent as to what or how, and, though I can speak some Chinese, no one could explain in English. Confusion about breakfast. I rented two hotel rooms and they were just OK. One had a slow drain problem. Compared to other hotels in Beijing for the same money, this was not a good value. The lobby is not attractive and one of the computers in the business center did not have a working usb port; another did not have internet access. More confusion to find and use the gym and pool, which are located in the adjacent mall. Sign-in and the desk and find the lockers, then find you have to go back to the desk and ask for a towel. Then, back to the desk again to get a bathing cap which they charge for. I did not have money with me and gave up on swimming at that point. The Courtyard Cafe has snack bar quality food. Location is conveniently connected to the New World Shopping Center and major avenue.

Great Value NYC Hotel We spent the weekend at this hotel and had a great experience. The location is great. It is across the street from the UN building. It is close to Grand Central Station and wonderful bus routes. The Hotel staff was friendly and very helpful. The room was clean and the view of the river was grand. I think this hotel provided a weekend stay in NYC at a great value price.

Great Hotel but take earplugs Stayed for two nights prior to cruise, was aware from previous reviews that location is close to airport but did not noise outside (at pool) would be so intrusiveStaff very helpfull, rooms a good size and really clean with comfortable beds. Hotel easy walk to local independant and chain restaurants. Good beach also an easy walk where you can hire loungers, parasols etc

Good Quality Hotel Booked a Queen size room for 5 nights. Room was a good size but was let down by small, tired looking, bathroom, though like the room the bathroom was very clean.There was some noise from road as we were on 3rd (2nd in UK) floor, but we expected that and it wasn't too bad.Staff were friendly and always willing to answer our queries. Recommended a good organic supermarket on 2nd Ave, where we brought fruit and yoghurt for breakfast, as we didn't use dining room in hotel.Location was handy for tourist bus, Rockefeller Centre and Grand Central, and just a short walk from a couple of subway stops.Only used Club Room on last day, before leaving for the airport, which was very relaxingHad an absolutely fantastic time in New York and only used the hotel as a resting place, but it met our requirements and don't have any complaints.

Great Rate off the beaten path. TV Tower

Location is top notch This is truly a great hotel (and you pay for it). For travelers it is in an ideal location for NY. Right there at Times Square.Check-in:Quick and efficient (after we figured out my boss had all the rooms under his name).Room:I had a large king room (3628) that had a nice couch also. Everything worked fine and I was very happy. I didn't have a view but I did give up a room that had a view but was close to the elevator.Bathroom:No problems here either. Hot water right away everyday. Soap, shampoo and all the other stuff they give you.Price:Out the roof. This is one expensive hotel. Paid around $500 a night for a busy week in NY.Checkout:They screwed up here and charged me internet all 3 days. Easily fixed.Bars:They are all over. 2 on the 8th floor and the revolving on the top of the hotel which was cool for 1 night.Internet:16.95 a day with unlimited calling. There is no free internet anywhere in this hotel that I could find. Even the wireless you had to pay for in the lobby. The only free internet was to printout boarding passes.One strange thing are the elevators. You have to push you floor and it tells you what elevator to take. I guess it is quicker then just hitting up or down. Overall just a really good hotel. Yes you pay a lot to stay here but pretty much all the hotels in NY are just expensive. If it was on the company tab again I'd definitely stay here.

Horrid service. Bath

Nice hotel with good location Bed

Great location but loud! Soaps

Botel - not recommended I was a little disappointed, if I'm honest. The room was small and not particularly well equipped. The shower and toilet room was tiny - the sink overlaps the toilet pan and there's very little room to turn round in the shower. The carpet was threadbare, the ceiling was damaged and the tiling in the bathroom needed re-grouting. Well over-due for a make-over.I saw nothing to merit the advert on the side of the boat which said luxury rooms from There weren't even any tea or coffee making facilities.The Botel has moved from its original position and is now a 10-minute ferry ride up the river, so less than convenient for the night life. On the plus side, the ferries were free and run frequently. On the down side, if you miss one, it can be half an hour before the next one so you really need to plan your trip out. It's also not very convenient if you want to go back to get changed or if you forget to take something with you.I must admit that I'd been told it had moved but it wasn't clear exactly where it had moved to. Google Maps still show it in its original position.Considering I booked in January and paid for two nights, I came away feeling ripped off. I wouldn't recommend staying at this hotel. I wouldn't go again.The traveller photos on TripAdvisor.com are more indicative of the reality ... particularly the one called the BotHell.

Convenient location and good value for money Stayed at the Menzies for two nights and was not disappointed. Porters collected our bags from the car and delivered to the room.The room was a park view and had a lovely view over wynyard park. Room was very clean with a marble bathroom. Walls were very solid and we heard nothing from other rooms during our stay.Concierge was helpful.This hotel provides excellent value for money in one the of the most convenient locations within Sydney - a short walk to the harbour and above Wynyard station.

A fantastic Hotel !!! I have only today returned from our trip to New York City. It was my first trip to the city so was not too sure what to expect. From the minute we pulled up to the hotel we knew we had picked The lobby is very attractive with a trendy bar/restaurant. Although this is quite expensive the food is very good. There is also a deli type cafe right next door to the hotel which we had breakfast in and a few snacks. The location of the hotel couldnt be better. On East 42nd st places like Times Square, 5th Avenue are only a few munutes walk. It is also nice to have Grand Central Station about a block away so you can get the underground to pretty much any where in the city. Both of our rooms (My family and our friends) were excellant. The rooms looked very well kept and attractive. It was an added bonus as we had a fantastic view of the enitre Christler Building (vertually opposite the hotel). All in all a great hotel and facilities. If I go back to NY I would deffinately stay at the New York Helmsley.

Perfect location The hotel was chosen by Kuoni. It was smart and clean. The staff, especially the concierges, were very friendly and helpful.The food was good but dinner finished early and you couldn't even get a coffee in the bar after 10 p.m.It has no pretensions to be a grand or family holiday hotel but you couldn't beat it for ease of access to Darling harbour and the main shopping areas, including Chinatown. It wasn't even too far to walk to the parks and quays and, of course, Sydney Harbour bridge.Note, between midnight and 6 a.m. you need your room card/key to get in and operate the lift.

Excellent view, excellent service, loved the trip View from the room

lost appeal... My wife and I returned for our 3rd visit in four years. We did not visit resort last year. The resort has definitely lost its appeal since our last visit. The beach remains the highlite of the resort. The Riu Melao has merged into the Taino, causing staffing and cleanup problems around the pool area. The pool bar needs painted---badly! We chose not to swim near the bar! The resort has become overcrowded. Of course, guests are unwilling to clean up the mess left behind. Sad! The food in the main restaurant has become boring and predictable. Little or no taste. They no longer have seating times. Which creates a cattle callat 7PM. Shorts are now permitted to be worn at Dinner as well. Fortunately, 95% of the guests come to Dinner presentable. We missed the dressy Dinner atmosphere and having our regular table and waiter, Carlos. A few of the staff who stood out over the years are still there. We will miss their professionalism and kindness.Needless to say, this is our third visit---and our last

Loved The Hayatt Great location, very nice view.The reception is amazing.The only problem here is the parking is very expensive.But for the rest I totally recommend it.

Riu Naiboa - Muy Bien How much beech do you need?

Incredible Hotel - it makes memories! VIews from Room

Less Than Impressed Stayed at the W Honolulu Diamond Head for one night in December 2008.Before I get to the meat of the review, I do want to say that the staff was friendly and outgoing. They seemed genuinely interested in helping and being pleasant.Despite that, I did experience a number of problems during my stay and even the friendly staff seemed to overlook things now and then.- On-demand TV quit on me. 30mins in to a movie I was watching, the on-demand stopped working. Just went to a black screen. Could not get it to work again during the rest of the evening or next day.- Room service item I ordered was uncooked (frozen, even!). I guess the soup I ordered is prepped and then put in the freezer, to be thrown in the oven when someone orders it. Seems someone forgot to throw it in the oven, though, and it arrived totally frozen. Not sure how that was overlooked. They replaced it, but offered nothing in return but the replacement (no extra entree or beverage or even credit on my folio).- The chair located at the desk in the room was disturbingly dirty. Maybe it was just the white upholstery that made it stand out that much more, but it was unappealing to the eye, to say the least.- TV picture quality was below average. Most channels were a bit grainy.- There were some errors at check-out with my folio (I am a Starwood Preferred Guest member and so earn points on stays at W hotels, and I was credited with an incorrect number of points and so had to follow up with SPG later on to get my missing credits).The above all left me feeling less than impressed, especially after having stayed at some incredible W properties in other cities. The physical property itself also feels fairly dated, and even ocean-view rooms are actually partially-obstructed ocean-view rooms, given other, taller, high-rise properties sit between the W and the water. So long as you're expecting that, there are still some decent views to be had (of Diamond Head itself, especially), it is close to the water and has a nice park in front as well, but you're not quite waking to the sound of crashing waves and a view of the blue ocean.Again, staff was very friendly and so I never got too frustrated during my stay. Only being there a single night, I just figured I'd be gone soon enough and so it wasn't too much of a bother. But had I stayed more than one night and continued to experience issues, it would have gotten old quickly. Further, the W is not priced in a way or located in a spot, in my option, that makes the occasional mishap worth dealing with on account of savings.With plenty of other options in Honolulu, I'll be passing on the W next time around.

Excellent Stay At the Gateway Usually I'd not stay at an airport hotel unless airport access was key (such as an overnight layover or a quick business trip in and out of town) but some family matters had me traveling to Los Angeles and having to make last-minute plans not only for a room for myself but also for a couple of relatives for an extended (4+ days) stay. I chose the Sheraton Gateway because LAX would be an easy landmark for my relatives to find and LAX is somewhat central to the entire L.A. area (and I'd be driving all over, from Orange County to the Valley to the High Desert, Santa Monica and everywhere in between during my time in town).Check-In was a breeze, and I was upgraded to a suite (thanks to SPG status) that was extremely spacious. The entire hotel has received a rather recent upgrade, and the rooms are tastefully and quite well decorated with a modern feel. It had a large desk/workspace, sitting area with couch and two lounge chairs, king bed. Only aspect of the new, updated rooms that I found lacking were the bathrooms. They're nice and all, but pretty small. Your standard, hotel/motel-sized bathrooms. Closet was also small, but there was plenty of dresser space so that wasn't an issue for me.Wired and wirless highspeed for about $10/day. 24hr Room Service and just about everything I ordered while there was really good.The Starbucks in the lobby was extremely convenient and great to have handy when heading out for long drives to various relatives' homes every morning. It closes pretty early though so it's no evening hangout place.24hr Valet came in handy. The lobby bar was a relaxing place to hangout at night. Maid service was attentive (I don't morning maid service and told them my first day there that 3pm was a good time for them to come clean, and they showed up at or shortly after 3pm every day while I was there!) and thorough.I never once heard a plane take off or land while there, though my room faced the airport. So either I got lucky or things were insulated quite well. Proximity to the airport actually made for some real convenience, as freeways are very close (405 and 105). All in all, was quite pleased with the stay and the relatives I'd arranged a room for also were very pleased with the hotel.

Great location, nice hotel Just wrapping up a stay at the W Hotel in San Francisco. It's been an extremely nice stay and I quite enjoyed the room.The W's location is great - very close to all the shopping, dining, etc on Market St. (if you're an SPG member and location is key to you, SPG has several properties all within a few blocks of one another around Market St. including Westin St. Francis, Westin Market St, St. Regis, W, and Palace Hotel and so you have a lot of really great options). I stayed in a high-floor Fabulous room which had ample space and a nice, large bathroom. As with some of the other Ws I've stayed it, some of the furniture was more stylish than functional/comfortable (such as the desk chair) but the bed and pillows were fantastic. Always tend to find great beds/pillows at Ws. Work space was very well done, with plenty of outlets and internet hookups conveniently located (I hate having to dig around a room looking for a place to plug your cell phone charger or laptop in to). The view from many of the higher floors is great, as well. I had a wonderful view of the surrounding city scape and bay.Depending on the time of night, things can get pretty crazy at the entrance to the hotel. Cars were backed up well down the street trying to pull in to the hotel's driveway as valet attendants scrambled around, but quite frankly as I walked around the neighborhood I saw the exact same thing happening at other hotels in and around 3rd St. and Market St. so I think that's just more of a San Francisco/Market St/Union Sq. issue than it is a W issue. Despite that, everytime I got my car out of valet it didn't take long at all (even if I didn't call down ahead of time).Room service was good. Didn't blow me away, but didn't disappoint, either. It was delivered in a timely fashion, though. I'd suggest requesting a table with your room service as most rooms don't have much of a seating area fit for dining. Lobby (Living Room) scene wasn't as wild and crazy as some of the other Ws I've stayed at (at the W San Diego there was a line down the street of people waiting to get inside to hang out at the lobby bar!), where it's like going through a nightclub on your way between the street and elevators but it was lively and obviously a popular place to hangout in nonethelessAll in all, a comfortable stay with helpful staff (all friendly and ready and able to give directions and advice on what to do and see whenever I asked for it).

Great blend of classic and modern My overall impression of the hotel is no doubt influenced a great deal by the room I had during my stay there. I booked what was essentially a standard room for a recent business trip to Berlin but, upon check-in, was upgraded (thanks to Starwood Preferred Guest status) to a 1-bedroom suite, which was one of their themed suites (themed suites are individually appointed and decorated according to who they are named after, such as Bach or Goethe or other historical and artistic notables). The suite was large, wonderfully appointed, had a great deal of character and charm, and was ideally situated (fourth floor, right at the front of the building with a large balcony). Tons of closet space, wood paneling in certain areas, a huge bathroom (with dual sinks, walk-in shower, seperate bathtub, lots of counterspace, and a separate toilet area also with its own sink and a bidet), work desk, sitting area, yet more and more closet space, flatscreen TVs, minibar, and so on. Like the hotel itself, I found the room a great blend of charming and modern. They didn't sacrifice character for their recent renovations, clearly.Service throughout my stay was also very nice. Everyone spoke excellent English - likely better than my own, really - and requests were handled quickly, competently, and with a smile. The location of the hotel couldn't be better, either. It's just a block off of Unter den Linden, and just a short walk to the Brandenburg Gate, Museum Island, the Tiergarten, the Holocaust memorial, and other sites. There's plenty of shopping and dining nearby, as well as plenty of public transport options right outside the door.Dining in the hotel was quite good, and their breakfast was fantastic. Restaurant on the ground level was very nice also, and the lobby/foyer area at the base of the grand staircase was a nice place to hang out and relax, as well as meet up, with afternoon tea and snacks as well as a full bar.Given the experience we had here and the overall feel and service at the hotel, I found it to be quite well priced, as well. Would highly recommend the Westin Grand Berlin!

Mixed feeling!! A group of 7 of us stayed in the radisson for a weekend recently. The hotel had many different advantages and disadvantages. The hotel itself is beautiful with great, friendly staff who are always willing to help. Beautiful rooms and bathrooms and the lobby is great. The location of the hotel is quite good. It is about 3 minutes from the red light district but far enough to be out of the way if you don't want to go near it. It is also about a five minute walk from Rokin/Damrak. Overall the hotel was quite disappointing. It was simply too expensive for what you got. The rooms were nice, yes, but for half the price you could still get a lovely room in any adjacent hotel. We had a drink at the bar one night and a double southern comfort and lime cost me 15 euros! Unbelieve considering it comes from the same factory as the southern comfort I would pay for at home....!! Proceed if you have a fortune to spend...!

Fantastic Hotel Overall I recently spent a week at the New York Helmsley Hotel and had a fantastic time in the hotel and in New York.On arrival to the hotel the staff were very helpful and friendly. There's always someone around to give you some help and advice at all times of the day/night. Every member of staff we met were very friendly towards us.We stayed in a twin room on the 31st floor with a fantastic view over 42nd street and buildings beyond (see my photos). The room was well equipped with flat-screen TV, comfortable beds, clean linen and a fantastic en-suite bathroom with plenty of towels, etc every day.Security at the hotel is fantastic with extra-safe security at night. Mindy's restaurant has excellent staff but the food is slight pricey for what you get. Harry's bar has a nice friendly feel and is not too expensive compared to other bars/pubs in New York. But obviously there's plenty of alternatives near the hotel instead if you wish!Location-wise the hotel wins me over again. Fantastic shops such as Gap are literally a minute away. Times Square is about a 10 minute walk and everything else is nearby. The Crysler building is literally opposite the hotel and The Empire State building is quite close too. We also walked from the hotel to 5th avenue to do a bit of shopping. It was about a 20 minute walk but there's plenty to keep you occupied on the way. The subway is very close to the hotel too so basically every area in New York is close to you!Overall I would rate this hotel 9.5/10 - it really was a great stay. The only downside would be Mindy's restaurant, although we only had breakfast in there. If you're planning a stay at the New York Helmsley Hotel, you won't be disappointed!

Nice Stay We (2 adults 2 kids) stayed at the Pacifica Beach for 10 days March 20 -30. I was somewhat afraid after reading the reviews here but we loved it and would stay again. We were in the Beach Tower (the tower closest to the beach) on the 10th floor with a partial ocean view. We really liked it. The view was excellent. The staff was excellent and very nice. The room was average with 2 beds. Carpet was dirty but that is to be expected with a light carpet and sandy feet. Other wise nice room with coffee maker and refrigerator. Water pressure in the shower was excellent. Water was always hot even when I was the 4th in a row to shower. Bedding, pillow, mattress were all good. Each room has a balcony so it was nice to drink coffee in the morning and watch the tourists take surfing lessons. Once you get out of the elevator, it literally is 45 seconds to the beach. The beach in front of the hotel is a nice swimming area. The area next to it is great for boogie boards since more waves. We had breakfast included with our room packagage and it is a great buffet with seating next to the HUGE aquarium which is cool. The in-room safe had a sticker indicating a $3 per day charge but we were not charged at all for 10 days of use. My only complaint is the parking is expensive--- $15 per day so $150 for the trip...almost as much as the rental car. Overall, a very nice stay and I would recommend it and I will stay here again. The front desk said that next month (April) they start a remodel. There is an ABC store right off the elevator in the beach tower and there is an ABC store on every block. This store has everything you need from snacks to alcohol to sandals and it is fairly priced....they could hose you but they don't for some reason. If you need a rental car for only a day or two, there is a Dollar Car Rental right in the lobby so convenient. Next time instead of renting a car for the whole stay and pay parking, I would only rent it as needed from the lobby since some days we didn't use it.

WOW! Defenitely the BEST hotel of the world!!!! MUCH BETTER THAN THE RITZ! Sunrise in Paris!

Nice Marriott I do have to say that I stayed at the Marriott Suites mainly because that is what our agency booked for us, and most likely because a couple of our other favorites were completely booked.Pros:This hotel was immaculate. There were four elevators that got me up to the 8th floor in a matter of seconds. Also, the staff was very helpful: I called the front desk at around 3:30 AM for a packet of regular coffee and got it in about 3 minutes.Cons:The pillows, probably in an effort to be fashionable, were squares, and smaller than a standard pillow. They were quite comfortable, but only when my head was completely on it, which was a challenge. Also, the towels are similar to those you'd find at a Quality Inn or some other lower level hotel -- definitely not what I'd expect to see when paying over $200 a night.

Awesome value on Priceline First of all, the top line of this review is that, while the hotel quotes its rates between $400 and $500, I was able to snag it for $175 on Priceline. And I'm sure people have gotten it for less before. Amazing deal at that price. At $500, I probably wouldn't have been as happy.I think the reviews about the World Trade Center construction are exaggerated. I had a room facing ground zero and was not disrupted at all. If I turned off the TV and the air conditioner, I was only barely able to hear construction, but not at all if anything in the room was on.The room had a 42 plasma TV which was nice, however there was no HD programming, which I find quite annoying. What's the purpose of having such a great TV if it has a crappy picture?The bath linens and bed were very comfortable. I would have liked a few more outlets, though.

Absolutely loved it !!! I took my Girlfriend to NYC for a Valentines break and we chose the Hotel Mela for our stay. This place is fantastic. The Location is as good as any Hotel in NYC, it can only be a 40 second walk to Times Square!Rooms are very modern, very clean with well stocked mini bar and snack basket and very very comfy beds. The rooms are a little small but hey, your in New York...By the time you get back to your room you'll collapse into bed anyway. The rooms are so quiet on a night too which was great when you consider Times Square is almost on your door step!The staff and bellboys in the reception area are incredibly helpful at all times.Whilst in New York I proposed to my now Fiancee and the our trip was truly amazing in every way. We both can't wait to go back and would definately stay at the Mela once again!

Good. Trying to answer your questions Room

still a pretty good value in New Orleans The Hilton Rvierside is a bit dated but still has all the comforts and amenities of a top business hotel. HIlton Honors (Silver and above) have free access to an excellent full service gym onsite including indoor tennis and volleyball. The location is wonderful, with easy walking distance to the French Quarter, The Arts (Warehouse) District, and the Convention Center. New Orleans has completely bounced back, at least in these areas and the financial district, and in fact, I found them even nicer than they were immediately prior to Katrina.The sports bar at the Hilton lacks local cuisine, on the menu, which was surprising. Drago's, the onsite Seaood Restaurant is excellent, much above the standard fare at normal hotels (though this should be an expectation in New Orleans).The staff was friendy and welcoming across the board. From check-in, to the fitness staff, to the restaurant staff, they made a long stay extremely pleasant.One minor thing to consider is the proximity to the train tracks and the river, which each bring a certain brief amount of noise (even on the 23rd floor) but this was not really a problem for me.This is my 5th stay at this hotel, and it remains my hotel of choice in New Orleans.

There is nothing not to like Although I typically stay at the Tokyo Prince, I stayed this time at the sister hotel, the Prince Park Tower. What a difference! I have an executive room with a beautiful view overlooking Tokyo Ginza. The food choices are superb. Executive floors have a dedicated set of elevators accessed by key card. The staff is friendly and attentive. The fitness facility is outstanding, albeit quite a walk. Be cautioned: Unlike American hotels, people typically dress in street clothes to the fitness center and change there. They look a bit askance if you wear your workout clothes in. They do have new clean clothes for you to wear while working out. They also have a full length lap pool (indoor and immaculate) and a wonderful natural hot spring. Internet connection is via LAN and no charge. The cable is in the room, thus avoiding those annying trips to the front desk (why some hotels do this is beyond comprehenshion). There are a number of wonderful sites within 15 minutes walk, including lovely shrines in Roppongi Hills and the Zojoji temple.The Dutch Embassy is very nearby. Tokyo Station is a 10 minute (1500 Yen) taxi ride. The bus from Narita takes appx 1.25 hours and costs 3000 Yen. Akihabara (electonics) district and Roppongi (party) district are both within 15 minutes public transit. Nearby shopping is high end, so with the state of the dollar, be forewarned.This will be my hotel of choice for all future business trips to Japan.

Bed was worse than slow painful death In the interest of trying to save my company a couple of bucks, and because I am in A'dam all the time (working for a Dutch company), I tried the Botel. I cannot even describe the torture of this accomodation. First, they have you pay for the entire stay in advance (understandable after the fact). The room itself was adequate, though if you stay on the side facing into the city, plan on getting no sleep until at least 3:30 when the last drunken revellers make their way in. The shower barely fit me, and I am pretty small. And then there was the bed. I did not think it was possible to have a bed that uncomfortable. I booked 3 nights, and can honestly say that my last night, I did not even bother going back to the room. I had an early flight home and just spent the whole night walking around A'dam. I was tempted to check the rates in the Red Light district for just an hour's nap. The bed on the botel was torture. Worse than a Tijuana prison holding cell floor (further to which, I will not comment on my familiarity). In the interest of fairness, while the check-in was laboriously slow, the people were friendly enough. And it was fairly cheap. But I would never go back.

A pleasant hotel with a few issues I have stayed a few times at the Victoria for work meetings, most recently last week. It is an older hotel and an Amsterdam staple. The staff is courteous and helpful. A couple of downsides: - The cleaning staff failed to remove empty bottles and cans on 2 different occassions from the room. If you don't put them in the trash can, they don't clear them. - The bathroom had a strong sewage smell every day. Not overpowering, but clearly noticeable. - The hotel restaurant food was not very good (at lunch and dinner). I spend a lot of time in Amsterdam and typically go to a select group of restaurants and avoid hotel food in general. This hotel reminded me why I do that. We had 2 lunches and a dinner at the hotel and all were sub-par.My room faced Centraal Station and was a bit noisy, but that is to be expected. If you want a quiet room, you should request that and get something facing away from the station. To rooms and common areas have WiFi and the connection is average. The price is a bit steep (I think about 15 Euro 24 hours). Eventually, hotels will have to recognize that free WiFi should be a requirement for business travellers.The fitness center is there, but is nothing special (and confusing to get to if you just try to follow the signs). The pool is so small as to not be worth getting in. I am not sure if there is an extra charge for use, as my company is Dutch and provides access to all amenities as part of our staying there. Better to get your excercise walking around Amsterdam if you have the time.On the plus side is the location. It is a 3 minute walk from Centraal. Can't beat that, particularly after a redeye flight. Note that there is a LOT of construction going on near the station, so that should be a consideration if noise is a factor. That said, it is no louder than a typical day in New York.

A wonderful hotel at a reasonable price I just left the Monaco and would say that this hotel has absolutely everything for the business traveller. Firstly, in all my years of travel, I have never come across such a friendly, welcoming, and inviting staff outside of Asia. That alone makes this hotel stand out from most US hotels. But there is much more to recommend it. The location is good for anyone staying in Seattle for a conference, or with a need to be downtown. The convention center is appx 10 miute walk, but conversely, it is closer to the waterfront and Pikes Place. The room was outstanding. The bed was large and luxurious, Internet (both wired and WIFI) available at no charge to guests and with a very good signal. The desk was adequate size for working and the room itself was not cramped. Paper at your door every morning. Good coffee (but then again, it is Seattle...).The gym left a bit to be desired, but it was adequate and what was there was new, clean and in great working order,and it was available 24 hours. And they did have a reciprocal agreement with a full health club nearby.The hotel has a bit of a funky vibe (complete with faux leopard-skin robes in the closet), but not so much as to turn off even the most conservative business traveller. In summary, I would recommend the hotel to anyone heading into downtown Seattle for any reason.

Great Choice Stayed 3 nights for a family reunion - large rooms, contemporary decor great service. Can't think of any misses during the stay. Starbucks on premesis was a nice option for a quick inexpensive breakfast.

Not a paradise at all Hotel photo 1

Very Good Hotel.Excellent Price We stay four nights at the Bellittini. Of course is close to everything. Quiet and clean street.El Mercato Centrale is very close.Via Faenza is an very active street with restaurants,laudry and internet-phone places. We were a family of four ,large room and private bathroom. Breakfast was great.

Great Location and Great Service From the time we arrived till the time we checked out, we could not have enjoyed ourselves more. The staff was knowledgeable and attentive and the location was great. We upgraded our room and had a view of the Eiffel Tower out one window and the Arc de Triumph out the other window. Hotel was very close to one of the main Metro stations so getting around was simple. Clean room was well appointed and bigger than I expected it to be. Would recommend to all and will stay there again the next trip to Paris

Tutto Bene!! Second room - Frescoes throughout

No frills, not bad This hotel is nothing special but it is not bad either. The location is ideal in terms of getting to the monorail to take you downtown or the space needle. The rooms are clean with a great big fridge to store your beers etc in.The lobby is inviting with free coffee.It is in a bit of a weird area, right next to a major road.As I say nothing special but good if you are looking for a no frills decent hotel.Paul

Fantastic Hotel We stayed here last July and the standard of service and hotel are both excellent. We were upgraded to a suite and the room was excellent. The lobby was welcoming as were the staff and there is a nice bar behind reception. The hotel is very clean with beds made up etc every day. The bellboys are excellent. Just tell them where you want to go and they will write it down in Mandarin for you so you can give it to the taxi driver.It is fairly close to the centre with about a 20 or 30 minute walk to Tiananmen Square (taxis are cheap though).All in all I cannot recommend it highly enough.

Quality in a convenient location. A high quality hotel with a good standard of accommodation and facilities, and in an excellent position for walking to most of the main sights of the city. The rooms are only medium sized but recently refurbished, well equipped and very comfortable. Any item taken out of the mini-bar is automatically charged to your account via electronic detectors - even if you put it back; but the reception staff are very understanding if you make this mistake. In fact the staff were always very courteous and helpful. My only gripe is that breakfast, at 23 Euros, was pricey - excellent quality and loads of it, but if you only want or can only manage a small breakfast then it is not good value, and we found really good breakfasts with personal service at local cafes (notably Mohring and Dressler).

Fantastic location, nice rooms The Grand Hotel Central is in a fantastic location away from the tourist trap of the Ramblas but just a 10 minute walk too its 'delights'. It has a lovely rooftop pool with fantastic views.The rooms are of a nice size - we were upgraded upon checkin - with plenty of amenities including a free minibar which is a nice touch. Breakfast is pleasant but there are too many staff milling around trying to make themselves look busy and the genuine service provided by the hotel is let down a little here. I would definitely stay here again and if you like a little luxury in an amazing location, I would recommend you give it a try.

Gone very down hill! I have been travelling to Sydney for the last 10 years and have always stayed at the Hyde Park Plaza because of its fantastic location, value for money rates and lovely peaceful rooftop pool. I have always enjoyed my stay here.....until now. The place has been left to fall into practical ruin and the Oaks Group should be ashamed to have it on its books because they offer some very nice properties. The rooms are shabby, the rooftop pool is filthy, there is no longer any pool furniture or chairs. Although they insist they are in the process of upgrading the hotel, they have been saying this for over 2 years without any visible difference. I would consider staying here again if they did make an effort to improve the standards but until then, I'd rather pay extra for a decent hotel in a similar location.

yes ! yes ! yes ! Definitly the best hotel on Schipol.Two minutes slowly walking to airport.Very young and entusiastic staff (best regards for Olga for her help after my fligh was cancelled).Thanks to Anna from Germany for warm welcoming and fantastic coffe !Everything in this hotel is very new and fantastic designed.I found this idea as the great and waiting for the same kind of hotel in Poland (in Warsaw?).Perfect staying ! Thank you very much and to see you again !

Hotel Catedral has what we needed We stayed at the Hotel Catedral for one night, prior to taking an early flight the next morning.Although it was impossible at the time for our cab to approach the hotel any closer than the corner, due to the crowds of ambulant vendors (since removed, I read), it was only a short walk to the door. We were greeted by smiling bellhops, to whom we gladly gave our bags.Check in took a few minutes, with a 10% discount applicable if paying in efectivo Service was professional.We were escorted up to an attractive room on the 6th floor, in the center of the hotel, well away from the disco. The room had a window onto an airshft, which was fine with us, as we were there to sleep before our flight.We went down to the bar to unwind, and had a beer and a Tequila a la bandera, at reasonable prices. We didn't try the restaurant.The bath in the room had the aforementioned purified water tap, of which I was a bit leery, but all was well. The shower was great, with hot water at decent pressure arriving quickly. The wi-fi worked well and without interruption. The beds were comfortable.We'd stay there again. In our more youthful travels, we'd stayed at cheaper, more atmospheric places, but the comfort gained now was well worth the added cost.

Wonderful Hotel! Will Not hesitate to book here again we went to San francisco Fisherman's Wharf on Dec. 25-30th this year and although the weather did not cooperate with our vacation (it was raining!!) I cannot say the same for the hotel. We got this hotel thru expedia and for the price, it was excellent! Quiet location, helpful staff, near to the wharf, shops, food, etc. What more can one ask for? Check out was a breeze, no hassle at all. The room was a decent size one. They gave us complimentary coffee everyday. We came back every night to a clean well made room.

ideal for a layover A very clean comfortable hotel, ideal for an airport layover. No noise from aircraft or roadway. Very good value for the money.

Solid, spacious condos w/ good amenities; not really 'luxurious,' though We stayed here for 9-days w/ kids senior parents. Consensus: Solid condo hotel w/ enormous rooms good amenities. But not luxurious, as some guidebooks claim. Very good overall.Positives:(1) Enormous living space(2) Excellent ocean views(3) Good-sized lanai(4) Free wired internet(5) Free, friendly valet(6) Washer/dryer in unit(7) 2x daily maid service(8) Bridged twin beds convert to king(9) Kid-friendly pool (3' to 5' deep)(10) Good coupon book on arrival for Polynesian Cult. Ctr, Bowfin(11) Free sandpails for kids(12) Free room upgrade, 1/2 bottle of sparkling (Korbel) Godiva chocolates for seniors(13) Free daily paper (Honolulu Advertiser)(14) Service very good overall(15) Some luxury appointments (Bose Wave radio in living room, 3 TVs, DVD player, cordless phone)Negatives:(1) Needs update soon; everything in lobby shows wear; rooms also show some wear. Tile (not granite) counters; old cabinetry; popcorn ceilings.(2) Limited common area/lobby (3) Not in the same class Ritz, Four Seasons, or even a high-end Marriott or Hyatt. (4) 1 bad service experience. Check-in person rudely responded, Where do you get these ideas? when asked if he could bridge the twin beds. Of course, housekeeping bridged beds following day. He also neglected to provide sandpails or passes for kids and hesitated about confirming crib setup.

Great Location and value for money The hotel is really only a few minutes away from Central Station. I only arrived there at 11PM, but it was no hassle finding the hotel from Central Station. I was booked into a single room, which was quite small but that was no problem. It seems though that the single rooms are located at the back of the hotel and you have no view at all. It's no problem at all though as most of the time you spend exploring the city and then you don't care about the view. The hotel and room itself was very clean and the staff is just fantastic.The Hotel also offers free WiFi, which I didn't expect for the price that I paid. If you compare this to other small budget hotels in the area, this hotel is a gem. It's no wonder that I needed to book this hotel quite a while in advance as this is value for money. The location can't be any better and the whole of Amsterdam can be visited on foot from here. It's really just a hop away from everything Amsterdam has to offer.

Riu Bambu Hotel (February 9 to February 23, 2008) My wife and I travel to a Riu hotel every year. We have stayed at Riu hotels in Mexico (Cancun, Mayan Riviera, Puerto Vallarta (2), Cabo San Lucas), Jamaica (Ocho Rios, Negril) and Punta Cana. Our first Riu hotel was the Riu Bambu about 8 years ago and we liked the beach and palm trees so much we decided to return.The weather was very good while we were there. It must have been around 90 degrees most days. We got rain on 2 mornings which lasted about an hour but it was sunny by 11:00 AM. It also rained on 3 nights (once during the night and twice around 9:00 PM which we solved by staying at the bar).I will rank the positives and negatives of the Riu Bambu versus some of the other Riu hotels we have stayed at.POSITIVES:1) One of the better beaches for sand and lots of palm trees2) We didn't have to wear a wrist band. Only the people at the palaces had to wear a wrist band. We were able to spend time at the Riu Tiano and Riu Naiboa at any time for drinks and eating.3) Entertainment was very good here although the Riu hotels need to change it up because we have seen most of these shows at other hotels. If you like to dance, this is the place to go. The entertainment staff have dance lessons at 11:00 AM and 4:00 PM every day (salsa, merengue and buchata). My wife was dancing at most of the classes. The Bambu is the most active of all of the 5 Riu hotels in Punta Cana. We saw many wrist bands from the 'palace people' at our patio bar at night as well as the dance classes and afternoon pool activities. We actually did an 'egg toss' on the beach one afternoon. The enterainment staff refer to the 2 palace hotels as cemetaries because they are so much quieter. 4) The hotel consists of 2 storey units with 6 units on each floor which may force you to walk a bit more but the grounds are very nicely kept up and it is enjoyable to walk around.5) Price. For the money, I don't think you can find a Riu where the prices are as good (except for Puerta Plata, but the beach won't be as nice)6) International flavor. There is a nice mixture of tourists here that you will not see anywhere else (Germany, France, Argentina, Hungary, Italy, Spain, Russia, USA and Canadians). This makes it alot a fun at night and around the pool area when they run the entertainment.7) Bar Service. They always had at least 6-7 bartenders at the bar each night. You didn't have to wait at all for a drink.NEGATIVES:1) Riu Bambu is an older Riu and the pool is nothing compared to the pools in the newer hotels (especially when compared to the new palace next door)2) I noticed that some of the food stations were not as efficient as other Riu hotels. I would go to get friut (melon or water melon) and there wasn't any there. I would go back later and it would be restocked. I noticed this at the beach restaurant for hamburgers and pizza.Deciding on which Riu to go to?If you are debating on which Riu to go to in Punta Cana, this might help. If you like a nice quiet vacation, go one of the Palaces. If you like to go to the specialty restaurants, go to the new palace, it has 5. If you like to be active, the Bambu is best choice. If you are under 30, the Tiano is the best choice and we found the Naiboa to be really quiet for the entertainment at night.Excursions:We have done most tours over the course of our travels so we decided to do the Altos de Chavon trip. We left at 7:20 AM and got back around 6:20 PM. The caves were really cool to see. We also went to a cigar shop and had lunch on a boat where Rambo was filmed. Altos de Chavon was a small village that was nice to walk around. I wouldn't rated this a my favorite excursion but the guide on the bus was great and we got to see some of the country side and the city of Hiquey.OTHER Travel tips:1) Always secure your table first when eating at the buffet. We saw lots of people walking around with a full plate of food, looking for a place to sit.2) Learn some Spanish, bring a book. We know enough Spanish to ask for things like utensils, a table and directions.3) Bring lots of $1 bills for tipping. These people work really hard and don't make alot of money. I was giving tips to our waiters so we had no problem getting a table at night and getting prompt service.4) Be prepared for your room to have 2 double beds.Overall, the trip was very good until we got to the Punta Cana airport on the way back. I can only describe it as 'utter chaos'. There was people everywhere lined up for all destinations on the Saturday night. The security for baggage check was almost none existant. The security person wasn't even looking at the monitor when our bags went through.

laid back atmosphere My wife and I have just returned from a family visit in Honolulu, Hawaii.We stayed at the Celebrity resorts Waikiki. We have traveled extensively and have been visiting the Island since 1969. If your tired of the mega roomed hotels that have upscaled the cost and not the experience then this is the place to be. The laid back atmosphere and tropical area around the pool is just what you have been looking for. But most important is the staff. They treat everyone as a person not just a guest. They are the greatest asset of all. Thank you all Marie, Joemar, Brian, And Aarron. With a big HUG and thanks to Judy the manager.

Gorgeous and delightful Arrived at the hotel and it looked like the palaces in Europe with incredible ceilings. The halls were bright and clean. The surprise was that even though we booked on hotwire, we were upgraded to a suite with a lovely king bed, walk in closet, and separate sitting room with sofa and dining table. Only downside was that the room was not as soundproofed as it could have been. Traffic noise was audible, though not so bad that it prevented sleep.

Great Location We stayed at this hotel because it was close to Fanueil Hall and other historical areas. It is only a short walk to shopping, trolley tours and restaurants. Our favorite restaurant was across from the hotel - Umbria Italian Steakhouse - where you could not find a bad meal. The veal dishes were superb, and the filet was as tender and delicious as any we had ever eaten! If we wanted a sandwich or lunch, we simply turned the other direction and ate at Dooley's - an Irish tavern with a great Irish mixed grill as well as a pleasant atmosphere. The room - actually a junior suite - was quiet and well maintained. Room service was prompt and reasonable. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Hilton.

My Second Home--Tegal Sari Ubud Tegal Sari is our favorite place in Ubud. We have been there about 15 times in 5 yrs. We have stayed in most rooms and have had all our family and friends stay there. It is in the rice fields and has a wonderful view, pool and service. The staff at Tegal Sari are sincere, helpful and friendly. It is a unique Balinese experience--it is truly one of a kind!! I use the airport pick up and the free transport around town. The rooms are spotless, reasonable, and have all the necessary things a 4-5 star hotel would offer. Their spa is highly recommended for quality and price. You feel the warmth of the place--of course I am known by my first name, and even calling from my city in E Java the staff know my voice on the phone. Wonderful value and a heavenly place to stay. I have told too many people about this place--it is hard to get a room--the word is out!! Mr Mike

Excellent deal We stayed at the Baldwin Hotel for over a week, and was amased by the place when comparing it with what we paid for a hotel at such a convenient location.The rooms were clean and they had a very helpful staff.I do not understand those who complain about small rooms or noisy elevator.The location is excellent just a block from Union Square.Starbucks and other places to have breakfast just outside the main entranceIf we were to return to SF, we would use this Hotel again.

Value for money I spent 1 week in Melia Bali in March 2006 and have mixed feelings about the trip. Of course, 70 USD per room is a very good price but there are several things to remember:1. The hotel is located in the forest, so you are back to back with nature. The views are amazing, but this results in very wet conditions everywhere. And there is nothing anyone can do about it. Neither the conditioner nor the staff can help. You just have to know that wet clothes will never be dry again; that paper will be also kinda wet. As for me it was no problem, it was like living in a jungle wood.2. The sea in Nusa Dua is very quiet. It is not good for diving etc. It is also a shallow and you should not forget about ebbs and flows. For us it was no problem since we used to swim close to the rocks (150+ metres from the beachline) with big waves.3. Staff is great. They will bring back the moon by your request.4. Food is also nice but of course overpriced as compared to the city.5. Rent-a-car is good, you can explore the island which is very big for several days and pay 25USD per day.6. No LAN in the rooms, however good set of TV channels. Internet is available in the business centre (but expensive like in most of asian underdeveloped countries).To conclude: good and very well priced but not for everyone.

Value for money Very good location on Place St. Michel. Rooms average in size but clean and well kept. The street noise mentioned by some reviewers could be a concern for older travellers but for me it was not a problem. Good value for money.

Wonderful Hotel View from my room

Not finished -Needs work bedroom one

Luxurious but pricey stay at the Hilton I purchased two rooms at the Hilton through the Name your Price option via Priceline for a very good deal. The hotel and staff was second to none, and the beds were some of the most comfortable I have every slept on. Our room looked out to Mount Rainier, which was just spectacular. The location was perfect for commuting to and from the airport and despite the airport being just across the street I never once heard any air traffic. Our biggest negative was all the little tack-ons that this Hilton charged, whether it be for internet, parking, printing. Anything outside of your bed was extra, which was very frustrating considering lower level establishments like Quality Inn or Hampton Inn provide all this for no extra charge. I realize that we paid hundreds less through Priceline and should be happy with what we got for the price, but these charges applied to those travelers who paid the full price as well, so I must rate this as if I paid full price. Overall the hotel was a taste of luxury, and the extras are part of that taste.

Be prepared to share your room with tiny strangers We have recently returned from Holiday Inn Walk of Fame, on Highland Avenue, Hollywood, LA. The best feature about the hotel is the convenient location a 5 minute walk from Hollywood Boulevard, where find such attractions like the Chinese Theatre, Walk of Fame, Hollywood Highland Shopping Mall, Wax Museum, Believe it or Not and Guinness Museums, and many souvenir shops and Capitol Records Building to name a few. The Hollywood Bowl is within easy driving distance, as is the Universal Studios Theme Park (about 10 mins drive).The room was very clean and tidy with just one very tiny exception not sure if this problem is common throughout the entire hotel but we definitely had literally hundreds of these crawling all over the bedside areas (including some which managed to find their way onto the duvet) and the window area was all full of them (room 609). Apart from this, the actual hotel itself was clean and tidy, and staff were also friendly. They do a free transfer to and from Universal Studios with the own Minibus, which is very handy. We found the hotel reception to be very average; not going to say they were rude like some other reviewers, because that was definitely not the case with us. The concierge is very friendly and approachable, the one to call if you want to book a tour/limo, want info on attractions, etc. He was actually more helpful than the reception. The other staff are also extremely helpful; they are very quick to bring you fresh towels or razors, etc, etc. There is public internet access downstairs, but you have to use a credit card for this, otherwise there are modems in each room for laptops. There is a gym which is nothing to get too excited about (a treadmill and a weight machine to be exact). The hot tub and pool are nice although it is only 4ft deep, meaning its child friendly. There is also a restaurant located downstairs but we use it bother when you have so many Italian pizza/pasta shops, Subway, McDonalds and Burger King within 5 mins!If you are arriving at LAX airport, then the best way to this hotel is by Airport Shuttle Bus, which costs around $11 pp, you can also book this method to return to the airport via the concierge. I noticed that a lot of the previous reviews mention that the lifts were faulty, but I can report that this problem is sorted now may be slow, but definitely safe and not noisy.I would recommend the Stars Homes Tour (Beverly Hills, Rodeo Drive and Bel Air), which lasts 2 hours and is definitely worth the money and of course, Universal Studios both of which are great fun for the full family.So, the best advice I can give if you are choosing this hotel is ask to see the room they give you BEFORE moving all your stuff in to avoid any unwelcome guests.

Excellent location; decent hotel We chose the Metro Hotel on 35th Street street, as it was recommended by our Tavel Agent for it's excellent Manahattan location. The location is ideal - about 10 mins away from Time Square, literally round the corner from the Empire State Building and with the nearest subway only a couple of minutes away.Room were very tidy, air conditioned and are cleaned daily. The rooms include a TV and a safe. My complaint about the room is that we had a brick wall in our direct view from the window. Although the bathroom was well maintained, it is really small.The hotel has a nice 30s art-deco theme throughout. The restaurant is overpriced and it is better to eat from outside the hotel, as it is better value for money. The free daily breakfast is nice, and a good mix of cakes, breads, fruit, cereals and drinks are available. Reception staff can be approachable at times, but rude at other times, depending on how busy they are. Ideal only for it's location, but would consider trying out another hotel within the same area when i return to NYC.Approx times from hotel to:Empire State Building - few minutes walkTime Square - 10 minute walkGroundZero - 10 mins (subway)Madison Square Garden - 10 minute walkFifth Avenue - 15 minute walk

Stylish London Hotel with excellent all-round service. Excellent proffesional service by all employee's in the hotel, from the reception to the bar. Rooms spotlessly clean with spacious bathroom. Good selection of tv channels available including sport and movies. This hotel is a gem, a real find which i will be returning to stay in the next time I'm in London.

Fabulous Hotel Matteo, the hotel's owner

Nice Hotel, Bad Location Barcelo Atenea Mar is a great hotel. It is very modern, faces the Mediterranean, free internet cafe and close to a bus stop for easy access to the inner city.we had no problem whatsoever with the hotel, but it could have been a little better if the hotel was more in the city.

Great Hotel Ask for room facing the victoria harbor on the Tower Wing... and you can sit there and enjoy the lights across the harbor every night. Never regretted for choosing that hotel for our stay in HK. There's a ferry terminal beside the hotel and MTR is Tsim Tsa Tsui (just walk across a park). The rates we got was great and it was packaged with CX airline.

Wow amazing !!! Stayed in the Mandarin for 3 nights and it is one of the best Hotels I have ever stayed in. The staff are amazing and very friendly at all times. Great location and views. The decor is plush and well managed. The porters are extremely knowledgable and know absolutely anything about Singarpore. The breakfast buffet is is to die for, it gotg me out of bed every day!The in room entertaintment is hi tech all cables are supplied for connecting laptops, camera, DVD etc so it can be projected to the TV and the accompanying Bose speakers, well what can I say?I would recomend for any one!

Mezza Mezza I've stayed here several times and find the quality slipping from past visits. My room was very small and barely had room for 2 double beds. The furniture was cheap and damaged. The cleanliness here is definately lacking. I am a stickler for a clean room, and noted stains on the rug and mold on the bathroom tiles. My shower didn't drain properly to top off my overall dissatisfaction. I think there are many better choices in the neighborhood, including the Marriott Copley and Hilton Back Bay, which is across the street.

Best Beach in Waikiki I just returned from an 8 night family vacation at the Hawaiian Village, including taking 2 teenage girls. The HHV is a very nice resort that exceeded my expectations.The HHV happens to be on the widest and best part of Waikiki beach. In fact, only a select few hotels have actual beach (usable) frontage. Hotels like the Sheraton Waikiki and Halekulani are impressive, but do not have a beach you can enjoy. Other hotels on the beach have only a sliver of sand and are crowded (Outrigger, Royal Hawaiian). If being at a full-service RESORT with all the bells and whistles and directly on the beach, then you can't go wrong by staying at the HHV.We stayed in the Kalia tower 10th floor, which was nice with confortable beds and a good-sized bathroom. Since we booked with Hotwire, we had no choice in room options, and could have been located at the discretion of the resort. However, we asked the front desk for room with a good view, and were happy with the selection. Our room was clean, and the housekeeper worked hard despite the best efforts of the girls to leave their belongings where-ever. Although we could see the constuction of the new Waikiki tower off to the right, it was never a bother. There was very little construction noise that we could hear..The hotel grounds, shopping an restaurant choices were all excellent. Food was available at all price ranges. We ate at Bennihana (food good, prices moderate), Golden Dragon (great food, but the staff rushed us), CJ's (nice breakfast), Roundtable pizza (teen best, pretty good pizza) and Tropics which sits on the beach (nice view, good music, lunch, strong drinks). The grounds also included an ABC convenience store where everything was plentiful and, yes, cheap. Lastly, the Wianna restaurant located across the street from the hotel offered a huge breakfast (good) at low prices.We loved everything about the HHV. The grounds were beautiful, the staff was pleasant and helpful. The choices of things to do were nearly endless. The girls especially loved taking surfing lessons offered through the hotel. We thought the Friday night Hawaiian show, including fireworks outstanding even at $12 pp. The Kalia tower also has a private pool that was away from the crowds. This was a better option for us vs. the super pool, which was busy.Sure you pay more staying here, but everything is expensive in Hawaii. Go the the Hilton. Be impressed. Make family memories that last a life-time.

Dependable offering - close to airport - will stay again I travel to Phoenix for business about once a quarter for business and have stayed at this property twice now. Both times I have found that: -- The room was clean, and the photos on Travelocity etc are a true representation of what you get -- Rooms are a suite that I expect from Doubletree including separate sleeping area and microwave and small fridge -- The front desk staff is above average especially for an airport location -- The breakfast buffet was free and not very crowded (I only stay mid-week when families etc are not around like weekends)-- Parking was available and freeThe complaints on noise likely come from this location having open common courtyards - not a closed box design. I have really not had an issue though with noise. In my view this property is a safe bet for Phoenix airport stays - and I will use it again in the future for my business trips.

Strong positive - a few tips Based on the reviews from others on this site we stayed here in early June (07) - and were not disappointed. Not much to add that has not already been said - so I will offer some local pointers for those that would like to stay here: 1. The Limousine Bus from the airport stops and picks up at this hotel which is great. This bus is an excellent way to get to and from the airport - as cabs are very very expensive, and if you have a lot of bags, using the subway can be a challenge. You can easily find the ticket counters @ the airport when you arrive and the hotel will sell you a ticket at the front desk when you depart. 2. This hotel is two quick subway stops from the Tokyo (Tsukiji) Fish Market that is in many guide books. You need to get there very early but it is worth the trip in my mind. Unique and fun. But wear shoes that you are OK getting wet and mucking around in (It is an active fish market - not a tourist attraction). 3. For great sushi try Midori-zushi - remarkably reasonable prices given the quality. Note the sign is not in English but it we found it. It is in Ginza and very close to the Imperial Hotel. Address: Ginza 7-108, Ginza Korida-dori 1F. Open 11am-2, 5-9:30pm dailyWe would stay @ this hotel again on future trips.

Splendid and enjoyable Place My first impression could not have been better - when arriving at the hotel at 9am after a long-haul flight from Australia, I was not only given a room straight away, but was also upgraded one category and invited to have breakfast right away.All the staff I encountered were very courteous, professional and helpful. The room was lovely, with floor-to ceiling-windows and an inland view, which became spectacular at night. A very comfortable bed (more than enough pillows :), nice raindance-shower, swivel-flat-screen TV inserted in a mirror-wall, free fruit juices, water and cookies, complimentary broadband internet - I was amost reluctant to leave the room for exploring the city during my short stopover, but the location is so good that you just walk out of the door and are in the middle of everything.The continental breakfast is taken in the lounge, sitting on sofas or upholstered chairs, which lends it a very casual atmosphere, but may be a bit uncomfortable for some. More fresh fruit and cheese wouldn't have hurt.In summary I had a most enjoyable stay in a luxurious, but not over-the-top hotel. It is relaxed, comfortable, not stuffy or pretentious. Will definitely book again when next in Hong Kong!

Staff I recently stayed at The Sheraton Crescent Hotel for business and was very surprised with everything. Great location for business and near all Spring Training facilities in the west side of Phoenix. University of Phoenix Stadium, where the Cardinals play football is just 15 minutes away. This side of the valley has grown and has much to offer the traveler. The Westgate center, right next to the stadium has it all! This place has all amenities for the business traveler and leisure guests. I heard they are under contruction for a brand new lobby bar and will include the Link@Sheraton. The link is a great gathering area to do work on your laptop and printing services while enjoying a cup of Starbucks Coffee. I was blown away with the service the staff provided! This hotel gets it in this economy on how they treat their guests. I didnt get that at the nearby hotels during other business trips. I felt at home and welcomed as soon as i walked in. I would recommend The Sheraton Crescent Hotel.

Great little hotel just on the edge of the city center hotel front

Enjoyed the Avenida Palace This hotel is rated 4 star and it easily meets that rating. The staff were friendly, helpful and efficient. The rooms are nicely furnished with good quality fittings throughout including a desk and minibar. They are also quite roomy for a European hotel. The hotel advertises that all rooms have WiFi but not stated is that it is very expensive at $116 per week and not very fast. The buffet breakfast was very good with a nice selection of items. Location was excellent with easy walking to the Metro and two shopping areas. I would definitely consider staying here again.

Great Location Only a 5 minute walk from Central Train Station, this great little hotel is a gem in the centre of Amsterdam. Friendly and welcoming staff and a fantastic breakfast to set you up for the rest of your day.It's location is ideal for visiting most central locations on foot, though trams run past the hotel at frequent intervals.For example - 10 mins walk to Ann Franke Museum and the Jordaan region, 5 minutes to Dam Square and the Palace and Neuw Kerk museums (and Plaza Mayor shopping Mall). 10 minutes to the flower market, 20 minutes to the Rijksmuseum and Van Gogh Museum.The only negative I would say is the late night noise of the trams going by. Other than that, I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this gem to anyone

Not for the faint-hearted. There was no room on the floor to open suitcases, or to store them flat. The shower was literally over the toilet because the bathroom was so small. The rooms upstairs were clean and quiet, but we had horror stories from other guests about conditions lower down - holes in doors and so much noise all night that sleep was impossible. Breakfast was an experience to be missed. We were told by taxi drivers that this a leading love hotel where rooms are let for short term assignations. Taxis are not allowed to stop outside during the day as there is a bus stop there, so beware if it is raining.

Great stay at Banks Mansion I recently spent four days at Banks Mansion during a long weekend. We both loved it and would recommend it to friends. The location is great as it is equidistant between the centre of town and the museum area- we walked pretty much everywhere all weekend but the tram was outside the door if you wanted it. Also it is on one of the main canals, but it is far enough away from the neon lights and really touristy squares to feel really relaxed (although there is a sqaure with all this only a block away if you want it). Room was nicely done with massive walk-in shower and art deco styling. We didnt have a canal view as all were booked but it was fine and heavy curtains and double glazing kept out all noise from the street. Really nice touch is free mini bar in room and free serve yourself area downstairs- soft drinks, wine, beers, coffee, tea, cava and even spirits. Also free internet. Dont get me wrong, you dont go to Amsterdam to drink all day in the room, but it was really nice to go back to freshen up and have a beer before heading out, or a night cap when returning home. We normally dont use hotel facilities as it always feels a rip-off, but it made it feel really relaxing to be able to do this.

2nd stay here - loved it! View of winds raging onto beach from balcony of room 610

Expectations far exceeded! Loved it! We stayed at this hotel for 5 days (joining my wife who had already been there for 3 days). The hotel is very conveniently located for travelers, about half a mile from the airport. It includes free transportation from/to the airport to/from the hotel. Be prepared to pay for parking - about $10 per day. The valet parking is definitely not worth it - unless you like to be pampered. I didn't even check the price.The location of the hotel was surprisingly good. The airport's proximity had to be seen to be believed - the planes could not be heard at all. The check-in process was smooth. We had arrived by a late night flight that turned into a very early morning flight - around 2 AM. The staff were courteous, helped get the luggage to our room and we settled in.The room itself was spacious. It was *not* the suite and yet we could place a rollaway bed in the room and have space left for walking around. The rollaway beds were nice too - not the folfing variety, but a stand-on-end variety that meant that the mattress was no too soft or springy. The bed itself (important for people with delicate backs) was not the best. I have slept on better beds. The bed (King size) was too springy. I would (almost) gladly have slept on the floor. The rooms were surprisingly well sound proofed.My wife liked the 2nd floor exercise space - I myself worked out in the room itself (5BX requires surprisingly less space - look it up on Wikipedia), and my kids liked the swimming pool which they used once and even then it was too cold.On the whole, we had a great time and liked the hotel as a place to access the best things in LA.

Great Location in Sydney We recently stayed at the Travelodge Wentworth for one night.Its in a very handy spot - very close to Oxford Street, and you can easily walk into the city. The cab from the airport cost $25, which is pretty reasonable for Sydney.This hotel is a good budget option. There are no frills, but its hard to complain with the standard of the rooms. Our room was big for the price, with a good bathroom. There was a fridge and a microwave in the room, together with an iron and ironing board. The only thing we could really complain about was that the bed was hard, but that's really being picky.Its a great option if you're looking for something inexpensive in Sydney, in a pretty handy spot. We were there on a weekend, and it was very busy. Its obviously popular with travel groups.The staff were great, despite the place being really busy.Don't expect the Ritz, but this place is fine if you're only going to be in the room to sleep.

Mediocre for the price... The living room of the deluxe suite

Very good NYC hotel Pleasantly surprised by my Priceline win..got a spacious, very clean king room with a great bed. The location is great, but as others have noted, easy to miss, as it has a very small street entry that leads to elevators that wisk you up to the lobby.OK view on the 25th floor.. use the 41st Street entrance if you are driving in...valet will park your car, and it was ready when we needed it. all staff, very pleasant and helpful...Clean decentbath..perfect location for walking NYC. we will add this to our list of NYC faves.

The hotel is lucky to have Angie and Vivian... I've stayed at the Millenium Hilton on two other occasions, and both were good experiences except for the front desk and some of the noise from the WTC construction. I didn't mean to select the neighborhood when I was putting my bid in on Priceline, and I also didn't mean to put in the dollar amount I did been working way too much for a month before so I guess I needed a break more than I thought. Anyway, I wound up with the Millenium Hilton accepting my bid.I immediately called asking to be on the non-WTC-facing side. However when I got there I was confirmed for WTC-facing. Angie explained that the king beds are all WTC-facing. She offered a queen bed on the opposite side, but I needed a king for this trip. She moved us to floor 49 she was so friendly, patient, and informative, we just loved her.We ordered room service that night and the burgers were amazing. Salad not so great, but the burgers had filled us up anyway (we ordered way too much for two people). It was expensive, but typical of room service and very tasty.Easy checkout via the internet tv.

Good hotel - nice and central We booked this hotel on special offer for only 50 Euros a night directly on the Sol Melia website. We were expecting it to be noisy but the friendly receptionist found us a quiet room at the back of the hotel away from the traffic and street noise. In fact, we were able to sleep with the window open. There was some noise from other guests returning late (very late!) but it wasn't bad considering the hotel is used by package deal companies.The hotel is immediately next to a Metro station entrance (Paral-lel) and a short walk to La Rambla, Plaza de Espana and the nice Port Vell area. We didn't have breakfast at the hotel as there are several cake shops serving nice pastries and fantastic coffee very close. (Coffee + pastry 1.70 Euros!)Our slight complaint would be that it is only marginally 4 star, more like a superior 3 star. But it was excellent value for money.

Very nice The hotel is in a nice area of Tokyo. The lobby and public areas are nice, staff is very friendly. Rooms are small, clean and comfortable. The TV is limited to two English speaking stations, CNN and BBC news. There is pay TV if one wants movies. Good views are afforded from the higher floors of this 24 storey hotel. I did not eat at the hotel, as I found the prices to be somewhat high. Breakfast buffet was about $25.00 U.S, there are other places to eat in the area.

Nice Hotel Nice hotel. Friendly check-in, very clean and well maintained rooms. Rooms are small, hotel is located in an old building which is nicely maintained. There is complimentary business center, also a bar and restaurant.Complimentary refershments are located in the lobby in the afternoon. Location is excellent for touring the city.

Nice hotel Nice hotel located near the gay area of the city. Within walking distance to good shopping, transportation very close by. Nice clean rooms, except for the large metal garbage cans located in the bathroom, the type one would find under a kitchen sink. Room overlooked the very nice swimming pool. Check-in quick and friendly, restaurant and internet also available.

Good value I stay at the BW Executel numerous times thoughout the year. I have just returned from my last visit. I find the hotel to be clean, yes there is the faint oder of smoke in the hallways from the smoking rooms, but I always have a non smoking room and it is fine. The hotel is laid out in a T pattern and yes just like any large hotel there is some walking to the rooms, there is an elevator that services the floors.The room is large, clean and comfortable. The staff friendly and helpful. There is a business center with free internet 24 hrs. The shuttle sometimes runs late, especially in the morning so book one that is a little earlier than you need. There is a continental breakfast which is ok, nothing great to it, there is a Ihop about a 10 minute walk away from the hotel. Also if you need a grocery store, a large Safeway is located about one half mile south of the hotel. There is a local bus stop across from the hotel, service is every 30 minutes, the bus will take you to the airport, Seattle, or south to Federal Way, I use the service all the time. I would recommend this hotel for value, and cleanliness.

A pleasant stay Very nice property, quick and friendly check-in. Nice spacious lobby and very nice comfortable breakfast room. The rooms themselves were spacious, with a living room, bathroom, kitchen and bedroom. A TV in the living room and bedroom. Rooms are modern and extremely clean. Free wifi is also offerred in the rooms. There is also a fitness center for guests. Breakfast was excellent and was included in the room rate. Eggs, french toast, cereal, juices, saussages, fruit, coffee, plus many others goodies. Plenty of food to start the day right. In the evening there is also food offerring, but not on the weekend when I was there. The hotel is a few minutes away from downtown, public transportation is across the street.

Great Hotel with one draw back I recently stayed at the Holdiay Inn Zocalo, located in the historic zone of the city. It is located just of the historic square, two blocks from the subway and near many fine restauruants and shops. The rooms, at least the one I had was small and compact, nice TV, large bed, shower in the bathroom. The room was immaculant, extremely clean, and well kept. My room looked out onto the street, 5 Cinco de Mayo. The lobby was nice, with a small bar, and internet service, free, limited to 30 minutes a day, after that it is 50 pesos, you can find much cheaper internet locations throughout the city. The staff was friendly. Two blocks up the street on 5 Cinco de Mayo and on the same side of the street was a great restaurant, La Capilla, I really suggest this restaurant. The hotel has a restaurant on the 6th floor, buffet for breakfast but a bit pricey for my liking, around $12.00USD, there is a Mac Donalds around the corner if your so inclined. Now for the one draw back of this hotel. During the day, and in the evening, into the late evening, 11pm or later, the Aztecs perform on the square and the sound of the drums beating constantly can be heard in the hotel rooms. If your a light sleeper, you are going to have a problem, no doubt about it, so take ear plugs with you, or you will not sleep. Other than that, this hotel is one that I can suggest, saying that, I would probably not stay at this property again due to noise from the drums at night.

Very nice hotel Spent three nights at the Ambassador. It is in a prime locaton for shopping. It is an older hotel, so don't expect a fancy 21st century property. You get a clean nice room, good TV, nice bath. The hotel has double doors leading into the room, so you get less noise from the hallway, saying that however, I heard no noise from the hallway at anytime. The lobby is very nice, and the staff helpful and friendly. The buffet breakfast in the morning is fantastic, one of the best I have seen. Large breakfast room looking out on the passing street scene. If I go back to Berlin I would certainly stay here again.

Weekend at the Villas While Seeing the Patriots Crush the Dolphins We stayed two nights in a two bed/two bath villa at Marriott's Villas at Doral. We booked this reservation back in the early spring while planning a trip to see the ball game. The price was $189.00/night which inluded one round of golf. Since green fees are $145.00, it was a bargain. When we arrived we learned the pool was closed for resurfacing which was a bummer for my wife who was not going to the game on Sunday with us guys. She was allowed to use the pool across the street at the hotel at the golf club. There was a free shuttle or she could was the 100 yards.We actually got two free golf passes at check in which saved us another $145.00 and we got $10 off the quoted rate ($179.00). So we made out real well on the weekend as far as the cost of the room.The villa was very large, clean, and had a well equipped kitchen. The master bath had a large shower and a huge tub. The water was plentiful and hot and the a/c worked great.The staff was curtious and helpful. There was no attempt to sell us a timer share. They printed our return boarding passes and arranged for a shuttle for my wife to take to the airport on Sunday. They extended her checkout time to 2pm. which was very helpful.The only negative for the weekend was that we went to the resort across the street for breakfast on saturday and had them valet park our car for 45 minutes. They charged us $11.00 to valet the car which we wouldn't have done had we known the cost. We didn't complain in light of the free round of golf we got.The golf was great and the game even better.

Wonderful Hotel. We Loved It. I took my daughter to Honolulu for five days for her college graduation present. My son went with us. We had three rooms. All were excellent and very reasonably priced.It was very hot that week in Honolulu. All of our air conditioners worked perfectly. Hotel location in the heart of Waikiki beach was exceptional. We could walk to anything we wanted. We walked two blocks to the Don Ho show and to other things. Swimming pool was perfectly clean and very nice. Hotel's posted photos are very accurate. We highly recommend this hotel.

A Very Nice Surprise! What a view! Stayed 3 nights in an executive suite on the 15th floor with amazing views of the Hollywood hills/sign. The room was large with expansive windows. Overall service in the hotel was exceptional as well. Don't worry about the spa renovation warning on the hotel's website. This in no way interferes with the hotel overall and noise was not a problem. Location, location, location....a walkway leads to the very nice shopping center connecting all the major Hollywood tourist sites for great pictures. This is an above-average property. One suggestion: go early if you plan to have the breakfast buffet. The line/layout of the buffet gets long due to the setup. I would stay here again without hesitation. I have stayed at numerous hotels in the area including some very expensive 5-star properties in Beverly Hills, and the Renassance Hollywood ranks at the top of my list.

Very luxurious, Service Without Exeption was Perfect!!! Overall a fantastic property with incredible levels of service. The only downside is no beach - but, took the shuttle/option of using Casa Casuarina (former Versace mansion) on South Beach one day and it was such a nice change of pace. Pricey but worth it - you don't mind paying premium prices when you get what you pay for. Just be aware the hotel is NOT on the beach and in fact has very little beach/swimming compared to actually being on South Beach. On the other hand, it is more relaxing and not as hectic as the overall South Beach experience. Rooms are perfect - no problems - great bed and great bathroom. I have stayed in two room types and any room at this property from a furnishings/functionality perspective is very nice. No request went ignored and overall staff training/experience level is second to none.

Disgusting service - No comparison to other Intercontinental's This hotel is in no way up to par with other Intercontinental's in Latin America/worldwide. Service in EVERY respect is terrible, from the housekeeping that does not show up until 5:00 PM despite repeated requests for service to the absolute zero service in the casino. I was playing $25 blackjack tables for HOURS and not one drink order. Finally complained to management and even the blackjack dealer was literally screaming for a waiter to take orders wihtout success. The bathroom is tiny, the shampoo/amenities sorely lacking and the bed is worn out. Nasty hot tub with brown water and absolute dirty bed linens/bedspread shows this property in desperate need of repair. For $300 a night, stay elsewhere. Never again will I stay here. Nasty nasty nasty is all I can say about this hotel. Oh, the Ruth's Chris restaurant/service is excellent, but stay elsewhere and go there to eat. The Intercontinental is nothing more than a rundown Holiday Inn. I agree with the previous post...this place is dangerous for familie and children as well. The bathroom at the beach was used by non-guests and very dirty. I had my towel actually stolen at the beach when I went to the room for 30 mins. to check email! Not safe and dirty in general!

Serivce Awful. Internet Down 1/2 of the Time This place may have been renovated, but service levels are awful. Booded 2 oceanfront corner pool/ocean rooms @ 280 per night + 10% resort fee. Internet was down most of the time and wireless-only service is non-reliable and fails constantly. All guests in the hotel who had computers were complaining. Hotel staff clueless as to what to do. They would transfer me to a toll-free 800 number that went to India only to be put on hold for 20 mins before I was told an storm in Atlanta had caused global outages for the StayOnline (ironic name, right?) service. My comapny headquaters are in Atlanta and when I called the office, we were up and no major thuderstorms in the area. The hotel was just using this as an excuse. No major hotel, and especially one that caters to convention/business travelors should have such poor technical services in a newly renovated room. Drinks in the executive lounge are $8.50+ for serve-yourself bar. Security at the hotel is terrible. Anyone from the street can access the elevators and there were two security situations that had to be addressed on my floor during my 5-night stay. Sign-in within the executive club is also very unsecure and receptionists regularly would repeat guests name and room number when they walked in.....not a good idea in today's environment! In addiition, sign-in book is left laying out for all guest coming in to see. Hotel operators are responsible for handling calls to all areas of the hotel (ex. no front desk button on the ohones) and they often will disconnect or put you on hold forever before coming back to explain that no one is available. This Marriott has a great location but service it terrible. Rooms are nice now, but AC is either too cold/too hot 24 hrs a day. This hotel has had a facelift but nothing major. Business people will be majorly disappointed and families will be turned off by the price. All will be disappointed at the level of general service and staff competence. SJU needs a true 5-star property with consistent, reliable services. I have stayed at this Marriott many times over the years and sadly nothing has changed other than a badly needed room renovation. Guests paying these prices expect to receive more. Having to beg someone to setup an umbrella on the beach was also frustrating. Unfortnately, this is about the norm in SJU. Oh well, I tried it....again. Management has major issues to overcome at this property.

Terrible Service and Very Bad Experience Overall Contacted the hotel a couple of weeks before arrival to inquire about any presidential suite type room with an adjoining extra room. Spoke directly and in detail with the hotel reservations manager. The hotel offered me a good rate so I decided to check out the property even though there have been mixed reviews on travel websites, including TripAdvisor. The hotel has undergone a beautiful renovation somewhat similar to what hotels in Miami Beach went through 15 or so years ago - very Delano/National type feel, especially at night. The views from the room and potential for this property is incredible - but note I say POTENTIAL. Service levels, especially for upscale type standards is horrible. There are glitches everywhere - for example, the room (presidential suite) had no air conditioning upon my arrival and there is no individual thermostat in this spacious room. The phone in the main living area was not working. No hairdryer in the bathroom. No safe/secure way of storing valuables in the suite. The toilet would not flush in the guest powder room. Water pressure in the very nice marble shower is poor and the water ran out of the shower all over the bathroom and into the adjoining toilet/bedroom area. While sitting in a room over 100 degrees for 2 hours (no air conditioning as previously mentioned) the front desk told me to keep the doors to the balconies shut because opening them would not allow the air conditioning to come on. After 2 hours of sitting in a room I called down again and was irate when I found out notihng was being done to turn the air conditioning on! I was put through to a manager who said), I understand you are having problems with your air conditioning - how can I help. Was it too much to expect for the air conditioning to be on upon my arrival given there was no way to control the temperature in the room myself? Other problems are pervasive - never enough towels both at the pool/beach (people were complaining and I even heard staff say where are the towels in this place). Turndown at night removed towels but never replaced them - on two nights I had only 1 towel left in the bathroom after turndown service! The concierge is nonexistent - I called several times during my 4-day stay and there was never any answer at the concierge desk - the phone rang and rang and no answer. Ordered room service and two times the orders were wrong - no orange juice, no cream for the coffee, etc. - order went to wrong room and overall very slow - 45 minutes for them to bring up breakfast and still had the order wrong. The final straw was after I had ordered hotel room service each day (breakfast and lunch) and wanted to order a pizza for lunch (not on the room service menu) they would not allow the pizza delivery guy up to my room. They called from the bellstand and I told them it was o.k. and I could not go down to the lobby because I was on a work conference call but a very rude bellstand manager told me I would have to go down to the lobby myself. When the front desk gave me the pizza delivery number, they failed to tell me it would not be possible for it to be delivered to the room!!! The bellstand guy (after arguing with me about hotel policy and how they did not allow delivery/outsiders onto the room floor) begrudgingly offered to bring it up himself - mind you this is to someone paying a substantial amount of money for the presidential suite and adjoining room - they acted like they were doing me a huge favor by bringing up a pizza. Oh, and should the hotel be so concerned about security, then why are the exterior room balcony floors crowded with teenage locals who just get into the elevators (they are not keyed/secure) and hang out on the balconies at midnight partying? It seemed obvious to me the hotel is concerned more about lack of revenue from a guest ordering a pizza than actual security. What could have been a relaxing vacation turned out to be a stressful situation at the property because of poor training and employees who did not have a clue about dealing with guests in an upscale establishment. I complained to management who was understanding of my complaints but of course not much could change during my stay. Bottom line- this place is new with much potential - the renovation is mostly very nice/beautiful but there is a lack of substance when it comes to actual levels of service. I agree 100% with a previous post - the service is terrible - I'm sorry, but no other way to say it. What a shame because I'm sure the owners and developers have great expectations for the property - but until there is better training and experience from a guest level of service perspective, they will continue to get mixed reviews - some nice/some terrible as is evident on Tripadvisor. I spent over $6,000 for a 4-day stay at the La Concha and experienced nothing but stress and problems every day and every time I tried to get any service at this place. Buyer beware - experienced travelors who appreciate upscale amenities and levels of service will be disappointed.

Great Place!! The Saint Christophe was a perfect stay while traveling in Paris. Upon arrival, which was earlier than expected, the hotel had not yet cleaned the room that I had booked. They had no problem finding another and making sure everything was taken care of. The staff was great and the location....awesome! Located right next to the Monge Metro, traveling to and from the hotel during the day was easy and convenient. Our room was on the 3rd floor and had a nice little view of the surrounding streets and buildings that make up the Latin Quarter. The rooms were a little on the small size but nothing to really worry about, i'm told that's what to expect in Europe. Only complaint was that our room, located right next to the street, was a bit noisy at times but nothing that made the experience less enjoyable. One thing I was really pleased with was the computer down stairs with an internet connection that was available for use. I have to stay on top of my Fantasy Football! haha All together, I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone traveling to Paris. Great place with an excellent staff, location, and rooms!

A decent base for the city Stayed here with my girlfriend recently for a week and in general it is a a very decent hotel. Yes, it isn't the newest built hotel in barcelona but everything is there that you need. Its big point is of course it sits on top of the metro which is great for cross city jaunts or getting to-and-from airports. A word of warning though, the metro finishes at midnight during the summer (earlier in the winter) and since you don't really eat dinner in Spain till 9-10, you will probably find yourself hailing a taxi/bus to get home - its a bit of a walk unless your near the new city area - slightly inconvenient. Staff are friendly and helpful. You can do a lot lot worse.

Loved the Ambassador, but.. Unfriendly Staff Clean Bathroom

A nice place to relax and enjoy the Quarter Instead of staying at our usual French Quarter choice of hotels, the Inn on Bourbon, we stayed at the St. Marie.I can say we were very happy with our choice. The room was a Superior King room with balcony, and it was large, clean, and had a nice view of the pool area and courtyard.The staff was very friendly, and always available to offer assistance with a smile. We enjoyed dinner in their restaurant, and enjoyed talking with their bartenders, when we chose to relax and have a drink during the afternoons.Overall, it was a nice experience, and I would return to this hotel in the future.**Regarding the strange red light bulbs, mentioned in some reviews,......they are heat lamps, in the bathroom, and are provided for your comfort. They turn off and on, just like the regular light does. I am not sure why they confused so many people.The French Quarter is alive and well, and people should not hesitate to return for a vacation there.

Excellent Hotel This is a 3rd star hotel but def needs upgrading to a 4* by whoever assigns the rating. Pleasantly surprised at quality in an excellent location just 5 mins from La Rambla. Staff courteous and breakfast was very good for european hotels. Booked via Globespan airways but you can actually get good deals by going direct. Location in terms of view from room was not great but you cant have everything.

Excellent value Just returned from months tour of Australia (with my wife, both retired). We stayed at the Travelodge Wynyard for 4 nights.Really is a 'value for money' hotel.The location is so perfect ,being 10 minutes from Darling Harbour and 15 from The Rocks. As its practically next door to Wynyard Staion it makes it easy to travel to destinations further afield.

Excellent hotel Just returned from Xmas in Tokyo .My wife and I have visted our son and his wife a few times. We have stayed in some good hotels but for convenience (re travel) this is definitely the best. Literally 3 minutes from Shinjuku station it is perfect for getting quickly to anywhere in Tokyo. We got the Narita Express from the airport and found getting to the hotel very easy.Make sure you exit at the correct exit from the station ( South Terrace Exit) as with it being such a huge station you can easily get disorientated.. A young mn on Flikr has done all the work for you so if you click on his link then he spells out exactly how to get to the hotel !http://www.flickr.com/photos/71736073@N00/221222443/The staff are friendly and very helpful. There was a good selection of food at breakfast ( when I asked for a fried egg a member of staff brought me one to the table !). We had dinner twice ( in Tribeks) and thought the meals were very good.Shop around for a good deal ( I booked with Asiarooms which was a lot cheaper than the other sites and breakfast was included). The cheapest flights were with Finnair.Will almost certainly stay at this hotel again when we visit next Xmas.

Worth staying just to see the gardens ! beautiful fish

Good Value FQ Hotel Fountain at night

Palma Real - Lots to Love Some to Dislike little to Hate My wife and I (2827) stayed at the PPR over Presidents Week.BIGGEST PRO: Beautiful Resort. Gorgeous architecture, landscape was immaculate, pool is magnificent (should have its own zip code) and the beach is pretty. Rooms are immaculate and modern. Seriously, you will not find a prettier resort in Punta Cana.BIGGEST CON: This is two part: (1) The food varied from Not bad to Pretty Good. Nothing terrible nothing amazing. After Seven Days I wanted to eat somewhere else. The Buffet is OK. The Grill is OK. Passions and the Asian Fusion portion of Bana (EHHH) . Vento and the Tepinyaki were both fun and enjoyable. However, I never had the desire to go back to a restaurant a second time. (2) The Vibe. Maybe because my wife and I are active people but the vibe was a little laid back for my liking. We definitely enjoy a more uptempo vibe (think Club Med). We tried everything (played volleyball, soccer, sailing, kayaking, etc) but not many people were into being active. I can only lay in the sun for so many it was a relaxing vacation. The staff is very nice and helpful. Watch out for the obnoxious who seem think their all inclusive vacation includes berating staff members (Seriously. I am a New Yorker and embarrassed how some of us act). If you come here you will be happy with a relaxing stay at a beautiful resort.P.S. The resort was at capacity but it never felt that way. I could write a whole lot more about this place (all of which has been said before) but I thought just hit a couple of highlights. Finally, I would not come back here a second time. Not because I did not have a good vacation, which I did, there was nothing special about this place. There are too many parts of the world I want to see first.

Good Value for Money I stayed here about ten years ago when the hotel first opened and was perfectly satisfied with my stay. Read a lot of negative reviews on TripAdvisor, but despite this we booked again given the great location and reasonable price. We were upgraded for some reason to a two room suite which had a view of the Sydney CBD. Generally the room was fine, there were just a few issues:1. The air conditioner in the bedroom was extremely noisy and it was impossible to sleep with it on. It got rather hot and stuffy around 4am when I got up switched it on for a bit and then turned it off and went back to sleep. 2. The internet service in the room is extremely expensive - 55 cents a minute with a cap at $27 per day. And given that it isn't even wireless. Also you had to use the ethernet cable provided (as it couldn't be removed from the socket) and it prevented working in a more comfortable location in the room (I brought my own very long cable). 3. The hotel has parking underneath the building but it is more expensive than the car park at the other end of Thomas Street. Also when we showed up someone was parked across the entrance so we couldn't use it anyway. It's good we weren't already parked in the carpark and couldn't get out!

Relaxed elegance, quiet comfort Difficult to fault the surroundings or service at the Camino Real; I got our room at a modest discount via Expedia and was very pleased with what we found.It's a very different sort of hotel to the usual vertical filing system for business travellers -- the low-rise Camino Real, with architecture inspired by local tradition and the air of a museum or campus, all long corridors, modern art and arranged around gardens, is a very pleasant place to spend some time in Mexico City. It feels spacious and restful, unlike many similarly-sized hotels that are just a conventional highrise.We had an 'executive club' room on the top floor; basically the same sort of room as the rest of the hotel but with dedicated checkin, access to a lounge, complimentary breakfast, lunchtime drinks, and a cocktail hour - all very much appreciated and the service was always very courteous and accurate.The room itself was large with a very good 'wet room' shower in a brown marble bathroom. No problems with the kingsize bed, and there was a decent-sized working/dining table and a very comfortable armchair too. Decor was fairly neutral, most of the hotel being a mix of white, solid summer colours (beware of the VERY BRIGHT yellow wall by the fountain on your way out in the morning -- you'll need your sunglasses!) and dark woods. Cable TV provided a reasonable selection of local and US channels, although (as a British visitor) BBC World would've been nice ;)The pool and surroundings were up to standard.The Camino has four restaurants (Mexican, Chinese, French, and Italian) and several bars - the 'Blue Bar' being particularly interesting as it's essentially built on a perspex floor over a shallow pool - rather like a glass-bottomed boat. There were a couple of niggling little things - I'm sure the smoke alarm in our room was doing odd things with blinking lights, and we seemed to be sharing control of the aircon with a mostly-benevolent spirit at times (although the temperature settled down correctly!) but on the whole - an excellent experience. A stylish, laid-back and refined hotel conveniently located for Chapultepec, the Paseo Reforma and the Metro.

Additional tips for ITACA new comers We stayed 5 days together with our two teenagers. H10 Itaca added a lot to the great experience we had in Barcelona. Yes, it's really excellent: the breakfast, the service, the rooms the bathrooms... Taking the train from the airport is worthwhile and the hotel is really only a 10 minutes walk (with trolley bags). In the hotel building is also a nice supermarket. Very handy for mineral water, fruits and snacks for your long city excursions. The subway (metro) is not far and neither are banks and a pharmacy if you need it.

Great Hotel for a short visit to Singapore View from the Bedroom window 1

The Ritz Carlton --- Over Rated My girlfriend and I went to the Ritz for six nights over the New Years holiday. Ive stayed in Ritz-Carltons many times...mostly on business trips to Atlanta and many many times in New Orleans, where I travel for work all the time. The best: The pool is beautiful. The gym and the spa are also very nice. The beachside restaurant was delicious, and the bar was very nice as well. As far as amenities, this hotel is typical RC. Everything is beuatiful and very organized, the service is, in my opinion, just as it should be for 6+ bills/night for a room near the airport with a view of the ugly hotel next door.The worst: The main problem with this hotel is the constant nickel and diming and the crime situation in Puerto Rico. I felt like every time I turned around, there was another bill to sign. On our third night we took a cab to Old San Juan to check out some of the clubs, listen to some music, and feel some of the local flavor that everyone raves so much about. Very very shady. I live in freaking Jackson, MS and work in New Orleans, the street violence capital of the US. I even felt uneasy. On our cab ride back to the ritz. the taxi we rode in had a bullet hole in the front windshield (NO JOKE) It was nuts.The New Year's party at the Ritz was pathetic. Not fun at all. After paying the price for entrance to the party, we had one glass of champagne and bolted to the Hilton, which had a waaaaaaay better party, including people actually smiling, plenty of free drinks, and music that didn't sound like a broken Harry Bellafonte record.THE ABSOLUTE WORST: On our second to last day, my girlfriends diamond stud earrings and two bottles of cologne were stolen from our room. The earrings and one of the bottles of cologne were gifts that we had exchanged on our arrival. We filed a police report and a report with the hotel security. The earrings, which were $4000, were supposed to be replaced by the RC's insurance company (I had receipts). It's been months, and I haven't even been able to talk to anyone about this. They just blow me off and say that it is still Under Investigation. The Bottom Line: PR is a hell hole of crime. Go somewhere else. For the same price as the RC in San Juan you can go to Caneel Bay or Nevis. Im so pissed off by this earring/eau de toilet heist that I now stay at Le Pavillon when I go to New Orleans, even though I always had great experiences at the RC.

1st Class All The Way My partner and I stayed at the Grand Marina the night before we left for a cruise. We had booked the Celebration Package about 3 months out.When we arrived at the hotel to check in, I was very impressed with the location, the staff and the over all look and feel of the hotel.The hotel was located directly on the harbor about 5 mis from the cruise port. We were watching the ships come in from our room. The only bad thing is that we did not have a balcony.The staff was over the top friendly and making sure that every need was met to our expectations. Thier serivce level was right in line with that of the Ritz Carlton. I have to also say that I did not see one bad looking person in that hotel. Where do these people come from. Just sitting in the lobby for a little people watching was the best free enjoyment that I had.However, the most important thing that totally won me over took place at check in. When I booked the Celebration Package it was 3 months out. However by the time I checked in the price of the package was reduced by 50 Euro's however I was not aware of it. When I presented my credit card to check in, the staff person told me that I am getting a credit since the price was reduced. How many US businesses would ever do that!! We were very impressed and would suggest this hotel to anyone.

You have got to visit this hotel property We went to San Fran for the 2008 Labor Day Weekend. We stayed for 4 nights and wish we would could have stayed for 4 more.If you remember the 80's TV Show called Hotel, this was the hotel it was filmed in and modeled after. This hotel lobby will take your breath away. I have stayed in many 5 star and 4 Diamond level properties and this one is right up there.The stay was great, the chamber maids were extremely pleasant, the concierge knew everything about the hotel and the surrondings and the drinks at the bar were out of this world.The hotel is so beautiful that over the 4 nights we were thier they had 2 weddings a day. The hotel is located directly at the top of Knob Hill which is between the Union Square area and Fisherman's warf.You can walk to Union Square but not to the warf due to the hills and the grade.I can go on and on with my bits to make you feel comfortable about this hotel but I do not have the time. I can tell you that I we have booked this hotel again for our trip back to San Fran over Christmas.PS - I did forget one thing. The hotel has two areas for rooms. You can stay in the original side or on the new tower side. Here are the differences:Original Side - These rooms are larger, have 12 ft ceilings, all the old wonderful crown modeling, victorian type look and feel and all the charm. The only draw back is you do not have a view. You only look out over the garden area or onto the street.The Tower side - These rooms are not as large (they are approx 450 - 500sq ft not including the very large bathroom) The views are either of downtown looking onto Union Square OR directly facing the bay. We were on the 20th floor and looked direclty at the bay, golden gate bridge, alcatrez and China Town. The view was worth every dollar spent.

great hotel excellent location stopped in h10 catalunya plaza in jan08, found the hotel to be clean and breakfast good. the hotel is right in the centre at catalunya plaza ideal for the drop off from the airport bus, subway and the open top site seeing bus points. ideal location and didnt find it noisy, would definitly stay there again and visit barcelona

Awesome hotel with a chic vibe! coffee bar

A true gem! Having never been to the Big A , I booked this hotel for a week for my wife and I to stay for a week. I crossed my fingers and wouldnt you know, it was fantastic.Flat screen, Wireless ( 10.00 bucks a day), Laundromat ( in the basement) excellent and friendly staff.. but the best...it was QUIET! Where else in New York can you get quiet? I stayed in downtown San Diego and didnt get a wink because of all the traffic and noise,,,but here on West 48 it was quiet as a mouse...except they are putting up a new high rise on the corner so if you sleep past 9am you are gonna get crane and concrete truck noise.We took Super Shuttle from JFK ( 38.00 for two people) however we took the subway and the Air Train back to JFK as by then I had figured out the subway and we got from hotel to our terminal in 50 min. When we arrived a week prior it took 2 hours for us to get to our hotel because you must call the super shuttle ( even if you have reserved it) and you must wait for it to come pick both you and others to drop them off at hotel. Never again will I take a super shuttle from jfk...I am a confirmed subway enthusiast now.

Fantastic Invited to Barcelona by a supplier for an exhibition. Needless to say we had a great time and the hotel made it even more enjoyable. Grand entrance leading to open plan check in/bar lounge area. Staff very polite all speaking good English aswell. Decor is clean, fresh and new. With a great spirraling view right through the centre of the hotel to the glass skylight on the roof from the bar.The room was great. Sitting area, desk, plasma tv on the wall, mini-bar etc etc. Everything you could need. The bathroom was slightly on the small side but had everthing you needed and to a high standard and not enough to change my 5 Star Rating.The views from the roof top with pool are well worth a look and again very clean and tidy up there. Patio heaters, tables and chairs also available.Breakfast had plenty of choice and all the food was fresh, especially the fruits which were already sliced for you.All in all fantastic and only 10 minutes walk from Las Ramblas... I cannot wait until my next visit when Ill take the Girlfriend.

Small room but worth it for Ginza Imperial Palace Gardens near Ginza

A good choice for central london Our experience reflects that of other positive reports. This is a very nice, well-run hotel. Yes, an attempt was made to up-sell upon check-in but that can be good if they are offering good value, the money they don't earn tonight will be gone forever. We chose not to upgrade and the room was fine, well furnished but in line with London hotels it large. The location is very convenient to Trafalgar Square, The Mall and Piccadilly. While the hotel is tucked out of the way taxis were easy and the surroundings pleasant; this is a great place for a hotel. Housekeeping was good the staff acknowledged us when we entered the hotel each time and the concierge cheerfully provided the services we asked for. These people know their business and we will return on future occasions.

Very nice hotel, good service and attentive staff This is a very good hotel run by people who know their business and what their guests want. The rooms are nice, well furnished and everything works. The staff is tuned in and attentive. The concierge was first class apart from the cost of Internet connectivity there really isn't anything negative to report. It is only when one sees a good concierge that one is reminded how important they are.It's an interesting local for a hotel but it's great only a short walk to everything in the centre of the city, right by the theatre district, a short walk to Oxford Street, Piccadilly and Leicester Square. Soho is full of interesting restaurants, clubs (Ronnie Scots) and traditional pubs.

Genuine good service and an overall nice hotel I have stayed at this hotel for few nights three of four times a year for over a decade. I am motivated to leave this review to recognise that it isn't easy to delivery the same level of service over such a long period of time, This can't be any individual, it has to be the result of the hotel's culture. The breakfast is good, the wine and cheese in the evening generous and enjoyable. There are a range of room types but all with the same style of elegant, albeit a little faded decor. While my friends stay at more well known hotels in the area and I have tried them too, I return to The Elysee and am never disappointed.

Very Good Hotel! Swimming Pool

Decent Hotel We stayed for 3 nights in a 'Delux' room in mid December and both thought it was a decent little hotel. Having never been to HK before, I found the location to be very central and just a few minutes walk to the trams (the best way to get around HK island!)Rooms were large, bed huge and very comfortable, and bathroom had some nice touches like a glass wash basin, bath though was tiny! Overall I think that for the money, you cant go wrong with this hotel. (P.S, I to was worried about all of these stories about the graveyard out the back, so get a Delux room or above, which all face the front and have great views of the skyline/reacecourse. Enjoy.

Roll with it Agree with the other reviews so will try to add different info. Visited for the Red Sox series with wife and two teenagers. I had forgotten how small a queen bed really is, and they aren't that comfortable compared to hotels that cost 2x as much :). The shuttle service to the games isn't run by the hotel, is services several hotels in the area; the time we used it they didn't have enough shuttles to get everyone back to the game in one pass so we waited awhile for them to cycle back and forth. That was $5/person roundtrip and taxi was about $12 one way for 4 people, but it can be equally hard to find a taxi after a big game.

Best Hotel Yet In Amsterdam Many Things To Confess In Amsterdam

Good Location but hence gets its great disadvantage You see the Bell Tower is on your left, right in front of you

Stunning A stunning place to stay, well apointed rooms, amazing spa, spectacular pools and a great place to relax.

A truly spectacular place The Ubud Hanging Gardens is a truly amazing hotel to visit. It has stunning views, well appointed rooms with amazing staff and service! The main restaurant is spectacular, with a fantastic menu, outstanding service and attention to detail. The rooms are spacious and meet all your traveling needs. There is a heated pool in every villa, we stayed in the family villa, which allows a family to travel together and have there time apart as well. The vehicular is very romantic and allows you to view the valley as you travel between your room, the reception and the restaurant. I had an amazing spa treatment wich was in a beautiful setting and was very peacefull.My overall experence was spectacular.

Top Quality Hotel I have to agree with the other rave reviews on this hotel, well worthy of the praise that's been lavished upon it. We stayed at this hotel over the Valentines weekend this year and even the heaviest snow storms for many years didn't spoil our enjoyment of the hotel and NY as a whole. Service was excellent, the staff are extremely helpful, with one concierge happy to forego the opportunity of making some commission on the sale of theatre tickets by advising me to buy direct from the theatre at half the price!I would recommend this hotel as a great stay for couples for a long weekend or for business.

Nice little hotel This is a nice, friendly, well run little hotel. It's location is great, only a couple of minutes walk to the central train station and 5 minutes from the centre of Florence. One word of warning; if you get a room overlooking the street ask to be moved to another room as we got very little sleep on our 1st night due to traffic/general noise. Having said this, when we asked to be moved the next morning it was sorted out with no fuss and we were able to view the alternative room before we moved to make sure it was ok for us.Rooms are not huge but have all that you need for a few days stay and given some of the prices that you can pay for a hotel room in Florence I thought that this was very good value for money.

A great stay at the InterContinental I stayed at the InterContinental during my first visit to Singapore on a business trip back in Nov 2006. This is a really nice hotel, classic design with a fantastic decor throughout. The room I was in was large, well decorated with a nice on-suite bathroom - it had all the conveniences I needed. The location is nice - not far from a metro station and with quite a few restaurants near by. The resturant in the hotel was really nice, they serve a great breakfast selection and the mediterranean food I had one evening was good too. The staff at the hotel were really good.

Last minute deal a limited success! After the storm on March 18

Disappointed I am a five time visitor to this property. This past trip was the first time since Super Clubs took over the resort. While tipping is discouraged it produces remarkable results. The beach and pool area are kept in top condition.The reception staff were very accommodating as were the ground and security people. However the main dining wasn't just dirty it was filthy.Every table came with a compliment of flies. Food that had fallen to the floor at breakfast was still there at dinner.This is truly a shame as this place is basically very beautiful. I don't think I would go back or use any other Super Club property.

A great hotel My wife and I stayed at the Hotel Drisco on the first part of our honeymoon and we found the hotel excellent. The room felt modern and was made up to a very high standard. The hotel is set in a very quiet (and obviously very expensive) part of San Francisco and it is quick, easy and cheap to get into the centre of the city using the numerous public Muni buses that depart from a couple of blocks away.The little extras are what set the hotel apart. Every morning we had a complimentary paper hanging from our door. There was free DSL internet access in every room. The breakfasts were delicious with freshly pressed orange juice. The complimentary wine and cheese between 5pm and 7pm every evening was excellent and gave us the opportunity to question the hosts about what we should be doing and seeing.We really enjoyed our time is Hotel Drisco, thanks

Not worth the price at all! The huge holes in the curtains and the very THIN window.

If you're not a bug, do NOT go there! The location is good, only 2 small block from the Moscone center. BUT, after the first night me and my roommate had huge bumps all around our body, probably due to Bed Bugs or Spiders. We told that at the front desk they were surprised (I'm sure they lied when they said us it was the first time) and moved us to another room. We also had new bumps after we moved in the new room, less but that proves that the other room also had bugs or something like that.The hotel is really old and no so well maintained. It's not worth the price we paid per night AT ALL.Do not stay there except if you have no choice... or if you like be covered by big bumps.

Perfect stay! The beds

Nice but the rooms are too small!! This is a quirky hotel with some nice touches but the hotel is just too small. The room is probably the smallest i have ever stayed in. For a 4* hotel (and for the price) i would expect a few more facilities. The Japanese bar and restaurant though is exceptional.

Great Location An easy walk from the main station makes this a great location. Staff were welcoming and helpful. The rooms are comfortable, if not luxurious. We slept well and internet was easy.Lots of bars and restaurants nearby and Amsterdam's main sites are all walkable.

A central Berlin Hotel A nice tidy hotel in a great location. In hot months the lack of air conditioning is a pain. Breakfast was well presented and internet wifi was easily accessed.If you want to get around Berlin, learn how to use the S Bahn and you can be most places very easily from the near by station.Walking distance to the German Parliament buildings and some lovely cafes and restaurants.

Good hotel for business stays The hotel is rather clean, as was the room.The room was quite nice with a warm decoration, 80-90s style, quite spacious and had a small balcony with a nice view on the bay.The bathroom was OK and the products supplied - soap, shampoo, etc ... of good quality.I regret that the internet access was paying and sometimes quite slow.The meals were irregularly good. The breakfasts were excellent, with a nice view on the marina.The service was generally excellent.I recommend this hotel for business stays.

Should be demolished We stayed in an oceanfron jr. suite. The view was beautiful...the room was vile. The sink was outside the bathroom, in a corner of the bedroom. The bathroom door was not solid...it was a louver door...the shower was army camp quality...the wallpaper was peeling and the tile grout looked filthy.The hotel location is private and it is nice to be away from, but within walking distance of, Waikiki. There is no pool and no place to just sit around and read a book. There is no hotel presence on the beach. If you want a chair, rent it from the concierge and carry it to the beach! This is not luxury by my terms.The restaurant is nicely situated, but they take reservations for Breakfast tables with a good view.....so you can arrive and see an empty table with a nice view and then be seated at the table next to the dirty dishes.We walked by some rooms and saw that they were literally 3 feet wider than the bed...........Do yourself a favor and go somewhere else! As for the reviewer who never stayed at a better hotel, my deepest sympathy!

Almost good We stayed in a club room on the 39th floor..the view was beautiful. The service was abominable. We tried changing the turndown time to a later hour so we could shower for dinner first, but in 8 days we only could manage it once!The concierge was disorganized and fairly useless.The buffet dining room (not club level) was always overcrowded...it was adeqate for 20% of the capacity of the hotel.We found the rooms nicely furnished. The plumbing almost worked.....if you don't mind a tub stopper that failed to open).The food prices were absurdly high for Mexico City....and the cover charges were outrageous. We ate at the best restaurant in the city and only rarely paid a cover charge (much less, and usually for music).The botted water in the room was imported and was $8..the local water in the gift shop was $1.50 for a litre and a half.We paid a daily hotel fee and have no idea what it covered...wish we had disputed it!There was no comment form, and the tv based comment screen was not functioning for 8 days.We were happy with the location and wish someone competent would take over the hotel.Sorry, amigos!

One Great Vacation We just returned from our 1 week stay at the San Juan Marriott. Our room was very good and my wife loved the plush pillows. The staff was great from check-in to check-out. The entertainment every night was super (everyone was up and dancing till all hours). Some complaints that we read prior go leaving just wasn't there. The beach was clean and yes the neighboring buildings are being worked on so don't look at them, keep your eyes on the ocean and you will have a great time as well. We took a tour through the hotel for the rain forest. Our guide (Gus) was great and well worth the expense. We bought a bottle of rum at the walgreens to cut down on the cost of drinking at the bars all night (saved a bunch). We went to Old San Juan several nights (we recommend the Barrachina - dance show and dinner good and reasonable).

Wonderful Vacation Location We just returned from Iberostar Punta Cana, and it was a wonderful vacation. This was our second time to visit this location and all the reviews that said the food did not change are so very wrong. Every day my wife and I had something different at the buffet. Our room was great and for $20 extra at arrival we were upgraded to a ocean view room. Our 3 specialty dinners were also excellent. We did Mexican, Chinese, and the Steak ones and the service and food was great. Our room was perfect, the beach and pool were great. We also enjoyed the shows at night. The dancing was so very good. I don't know what other people expect from an all inclusive resort. Most of all the staff was all friendly and efficient. They had a Christmas Gala buffet that could not be out done, with lobster and so many other choices made to perfection. Trust us, we would not go back to a location if it were sub par. We intend to return again in the near future.

Excellent Value After some small problems with check in, we were given a kitchenette room on the sixth floor. However, it was looking at the wall of the next hotel 30 feet away so for $10 a night we upgraded to the 10 th floor and a view of the ocean (between the beach hotels). The room was clean, excellent housekeeping, kitchen facilities were fine (we do much cooking), and we liked the large security safe in the room. We bought some mugs as the cups were too small for a decent cup of tea.There was complimentary wireless Internet in the lobby and the hotel was central to all Waikiki activities. We were concerned with the reviews about the slow elevators but in the week we were there, only once did we wait more than a minute for an elevator.

Convenient Refuge Ideal location to train station and Duomo. Room totally refurbished in January 2008. Clean, quiet, good value. Friendly receptionists speak English and go second mile to assist tourists. After a one week stay, we felt like family. Easy walk from hotel to all major tourist attractions.

Good conference venue I stayed at this hotel for a conference. When I got the conference details and looked at the room rate, I began looking for a different hotel! But the others in the vicinity seemed even more expensive.The Park Plaza has a certain slightly old-world charm: it is an older building, and they play that up a little. It is, however, well-appointed, clean and well-maintained. (The heater/cooler in my room was making a loud noise when I arrived, but they quickly sent a technician to silence it).The fitness room is barely adequate - much better than some hotels, but not satisfactory for anyone who wants to do serious resistance training. In-room internet access is not cheap ($11 basic; $13 for VPN-capable service. There's no explanation of what the full extent of the difference is). Breakfast was not included in the rate. The Hotel breakfast is not cheap, but there is a cafe outside, on the same block, which does all kinds of stuff. Similarly, for dining, there are several restaurants and a pub on the same block, and several other restaurants (for various budgets) within a block or so. Provided someone else is paying the bill, or you are reconciled to paying good money for a hotel - as you will need to in this part of Boston - the Park Plaza offers a comfortable place to stay.

Modern German Chic, at a price I stayed at this hotel for three nights, for a conference. On the day I arrived, Germany was playing in the finals of the Euro2008 football competition - so the streets were full of noisy fans. The hotel arranged for me to have an inside-facing room, to avoid the noise: full marks for customer service!The whole place is very stylish and efficient; clean and well-maintained. The reception staff were exceptionally helpful (in English or German!). As a business hotel, it would be hard to beat: the location is also great for West Berlin, and there's a U-bahn station right outside if you want to travel around the city. The bedrooms was well-appointed, and comfortable, with a fairly firm bed. The espresso coffee machine was a nice touch. The gym facilities are a little basic - some cardio machines, but almost nothing for resistance. The sauna, however, was very fine (do remember to take a euro coin for the locker).Breakfast was pretty good, with a wide variety including big jugs of freshly-squeezed juice. The conference meals were in private dining places in the hotel, and were also superb. All this comes at a price:the conference rate was EUR 150, including breakfast. Some people said you can get a better price than that on the web: even so, it's certainly not cheap! The only other downside was that, with all the conference delegates wanting to be fed half an hour before the conference started, there was sometimes a queue for breakfast. That smacks of bad planning.

Weekend trip to Berlin Great place to stay for a trip to Berlin:The Hotel is located south of Potsdammerplatz, Brandenburger Tor, Reichstag, Sony Center, and Potsdammer Platz Arkaden are only a short walk away. Public transportation is right in front of the hotel (S- / U-Bahn, Bus).The hotel itself was completely reimburshed in 2004 and following has a modern style. The staff is very engaged and always offered a helping hand. The quiet room was a little bit small, but ok and had a great view.To sum up, we would book it again for a trip to Berlin!

Now our favorite in NYC The size of the room, the cleanliness and freshness of the entire hotel greatly exceeded expectations. We've paid far more gotten far less in NYC in our many trips there. The continental breakfast featured European-quality pastries and fabulous Italian coffee, far superior to the nearby Starbucks, and it was all included in the price of the room. Concierge James put us onto a neighborhood Italian restaurant, Vice Versa, where we had one of the best meals ever in NYC. We will be back to both!

The ONLY place to stay in Frankfurt Arriving to Frankfurt for a day layover on my way to India, I decided to crash at the Hessischer Hof Hotel. The place was easily accessible by the city metro system (with only one transfer) from the airport. Arrival was a breeze and the woman spoke fluent German and English. The hotel itself was historic yet lovely and the STAFF is what will keep me coming back there EVERY time I visit Frankfurt. They were SO WELCOMING and friendly. The gym (at an adjacent real gym) was great and first rate. The front desk gives you a pass AND a workout bag that has shower slippers AND bottled water for free! They have nightly cocktails (again free) and direct you on great restaurants and things to see. Don't miss the Goethe house and museum and the opera house. I opted out of the champagne brunch and had coffee in the sunroom. Awesome place!

Had a nice stay here Very nice hotel. Large, clean, nice rooms (no balcony). Free minibar (don't look for champagne).Not in a central area, but 10 min from the metro station Collblanc

Don't miss dinner We stayed in the Wentworth for one night in February 2008. The staff are friendly and helpful even if they greet you in French, I suppose to accentuate the French Accor Group ownership of the chain. The room was clean and modern but we felt small for this level and price of hotel. The bathroom was very small and did not have a bath only a shower. When I mentioned the size of the room it was explained as being a which restricted alterations that could be made.The buffet breakfast in the Garden Court Restaurant was underwhelming and the impression we got was that they just could not cope.In the evening dinner at the same restaurant was sublime, such a change from breakfast time. The service was impeccable, the knowledgeable and friendly staff always seemed to be there when you wanted them. The food was some of the best that we have eaten in Sydney. We especially recommend the scallops, had to ask for extra bread so we did not miss a drop of the delicious sauce. The meal was finished with crepe suzette at the table, a treat not offered in many restaurants these days.So to sum up the Sofitel Wentworth in Sydney, small rooms, give the breakfast buffet a miss but even if you are not staying there go for dinner.

Beware of al la cart meals in the restaurant We stayed in the Sheraton on the park for three nights in March 2008. The entrance and lobby area are impressive, the staff friendly and helpful. Our room was large with a good size bathroom which had a bath as well as a shower. The room had all the amenities you would expect from a hotel of this level and price. Our room was at the back of the hotel but the rooms at the front have views over the park, but at an additional cost. For all services such as housekeeping, maintenance, room service etc there is only one number dial. I think all hotels should have this feature, no dialing one number for one thing and another number for something else. Another feature we liked about the room was the electrically operated blackout curtains, nothing worse than having light leaking into a room at night.Unfortunately the Botanica Restaurant was another story. It is basically set up as a buffet restaurant. The buffet breakfast was great with a large choice of food. We did not sample the dinner buffet but it looked very good with a seafood bias. Unfortunately we dined al la carte. Once for dinner where the food was just OK but for the price not up to expectations, and once for a light lunch where the food was terrible. We both had a burger but could not finish them as they were burnt and dry. The waitress handled the situation very well and took it back to the kitchen and offered complimentary desserts and coffee. I filled out one of the was your which I always assumed went straight into the bin but to the Sheratons credit the food and beverage Manager contacted us and wanted details of why we were dissatisfied. To sum up the Sheraton on the Park in Sydney, good rooms and good guest services. On the downside eat at the Botanica Restaurant if you are into buffets but eat elsewhere if you want al la cart service.

Oasis of Civility The Bel Air is one of the most civilized hotels in the world. It's not loud or ostentatious, rather it is quiet, beautifully appointed with the most outstanding service I've ever experienced. I highly recommend this bastion of graciousness.

Simply Luxurious I've decided to stay at the Shangri-la Singapore due to all the good ratings on this website. And I'm glad I made the right choice! Shangri-la Singapore is an old hotel with charms. I booked for their standard room, Deluxe Tower Wing. Check-in process was professional and efficient. The room is quite adequate in terms of decoration and amenities. It's got ALL that you need but the design lacks cosiness and warmth (that's what I felt). The bahtroom is huge, it has separate shower which is really good. The reason I rated this hotel a four star is becuase the time it takes for Room Service to deliver a bucket of ice cubes is over 20 minutes! And it didn't happen only once, I ordered twice and both took over 20 minutes to deliver! The location is not actually a walking-distance to Orchard Road but the hotel provides free shuttle bus to malls on Orchard Road every hour. Too bad the service runs only till 8pm. In conclusion, I love this hotel. Even though there are newer and more modern hotels like The Fullerton and Ritz Carlton or Conrad, the Shangri-la Singapore lives up to my expectations. I will surely return to the Shangri-la again on my next trip to Singapore.

Where's the negative Date: April 17/06Just returned from the Majestic April, 16/06. We booked this vaction in Oct/05 even before the resort opened for a great price. Started reading the reviews as soon as they beacame available thru tripadvisor and thought that we booked a bad vaction spot. Let me tell you if you can put up with a few flies flying around and a small toilet you will have the best vaction ever. We were in paradise once we walked in this beautiful resort, friendliest people you would ever meet and yes they speak english. Food was simply amazing anything you wanted was there, four of us not one problem with stomach. Drinks were great no problem in getting smirnoff vodka at no extra cost. Rooms were big and beds were very comfortable pillows a liitle small but get two. Anamation team was great always around trying to make your vaction the best possible. If you go around and try and find the little things you will find them but the overall experience of this place is simply amazing. Remember your not in Canada and quality of construction is not the same but it is done to the best of their knowledge and it looks great. Believe me you will love this place, don't think twice just book and you will see paradise.

a lovely hotel We arrived early in the morning, way before the check in time. We explained to the reception staff about our 24 hour flight, and they were very understanding and were able to get our room ready 2 hours before the official check in.The hotel is very close to a busy couple of fly overs, so close you can wave at the drivers over breakfast! Even so there are 3 walk ways to Darling Harbor, less then 5 minutes away.Darling Harbor is a great place for tourists, many restaurants, shops and bars. We had the best steaks at the meat and wine co, just by the IMAX. Chinta Ria is a nice chiense and the there are a lot of seafood restaurants around. The take away fish and chips at ice cube restaurant (also by the IMAX) are best eaten on the wooden steps round the bottom of the harbor watching life go by!Back to the hotel, the staff were all very friendly, always tried to do what they could to make our stay easier, the concieage team were fantastic.2 downsides that we found, the high cost of internet access and the cost of washing clothes. The hotel cost was well over but we found a little place to do a service wash across the road for just we ever visit sydney again, we will be staying at the crowne plaza.

Fantastic Chic Hotel Great Windows

Living in a cave. Flamenco Beach looking NW

Go, you wont be disapointed :-) so warm

Not bad!!!!! My wife and I celebrated our 10 year anniversay at the Bavaro Princess All Suites Resort. We spent five nights in the Honeymoon Suite. We have no complaints about the accommodations. Our room was very nice and clean.There is good for here, but you have to seach for it. The buffet is good for breakfast and lunch. I hghly recommend making reservations at one of the restaurants for your dinners. If you only eat at the buffet, you will not enjoy your stay.This is a mega resort. It is very spread out. You will have to take a tram to get to many places. This can be a nuisance at times. Please keep in mind that not many of the suites have an ocean view. Our suite was literally about a mile from the beach.If you are one of those ugly Americans, you may not like this place. Please remember that you are in a third world country where Spanish is the national language. If you have no patience for repeating yourself or for not being understood, don't come here. The servers and bartenders speak very little English. When in Rome do as the Romans, try to speak Spanish they really appreciate the effort.Unfortunately, this resort allows timeshare representatives on the premises. Be prepared, you will be approached by them on a daily basis. Do not fall for the free gift offer, unless you want to waste a half a day listening to their sales pitch.Remember, you get what you pay for. If you don't expect the best, you will enjoy your stay. If you expect the best, you will be very disappointed.

Wonderful stay Another picture of my room

It's a Royal Palace What an incredible spectacular palace in the middle of an otherwise modest city. All advance arrangements via e-mail were promptly responded to, and were faithfully done. Upon arrival you are greeted as royalty, and it just keeps getting better. Every last detail is spectacular. Outstanding breakfast, bar, terrace, dining. Rooms, lobby, gym, pool are all out of this world. Rock star spotted at poolside (Iggy Pop). Staff at all levels treats you with the utmost courtesy and respect. No ripoffs or jacked up prices for tickets, reservations or taxis/limos. Complementary goodies galore upon arrival. It's on a quiet side of town, near a tram stop, easy walk to start shopping or dining. Fantastic and plentiful amenities by L'Occitane. Prices are appropriate for a 5-star hotel, and it's worth it here.

Pleasant Stay in S.F. Perfect location on the northeastern side of Union Square, very safe, convenient to everything, near all the best shopping and close to Chinatown Gate. Everyone who worked there was most pleasant, friendly, and helpful.Rooms were very nice. The fitness center is one of the best I've ever seen at a hotel. My only complaint is that the breakfast room is much too small, resulting in waiting times of up to an hour for a table. This really threw off our plans every morning. They need to serve breakfast in a much larger room. The breakfast buffet itself is excellent, and the staff there are very very kind and friendly. The elevators also required quite a wait sometimes, as this is a very large hotel for only 5 or 6 elevators.Overall, we really enjoyed staying here, but don't pay extra for the breakfast- you'll waste a lot of time in the morning waiting for a table; just eat at any of the coffee shops or diners surrounding the hotel.

Perfect location-Loved this hotel Looking out the room window up into the small coutyard.

Perfectly adequate We arrived from the UK early pm after an eight hour flight and 'phoned the Sofitel to make arrangements for the airport shuttle. Unfortunately, it was not a good start as 2 shuttles drove straight past us without the drivers even glancing towards the waiting area - despite us waiving maniacally. Another call to the hotel produced the promise of a return pick-up and indeed we were whisked away on the comfy shuttle but only after a total of 55 minutes wait. Yes, in hindsight we should have simply got a cab. Thereafter, we enjoyed a restful stay. The staff were obliging and helpful. The rooms were a good size with fine queen beds, excellent shower and good general amenities. The bar area and restaurant were light and airy but the air conditioning in the restaurant was (shall we say) overzealous. Brrrrr. The food was very good and the service likewise. We thought the prices were pretty steep and maybe the bar snacks would have offered better value - but we were on holiday. There's are small shopping mall about 10-15 minutes walk away that has a liquor store, pharmacy, supermarket, fast food and restaurant if you need. All in all, the Sofitel provided a good, clean comfortable overnight stay.

Expecting too much? After reading all the eulogistic reviews of the Hotel Montecarlo, perhaps we were expecting a little too much of this good (but not fantastic) hotel. We came away a little deflated but well rested after a 3 night stay. Firstly, the positives - The frontdesk staff were attentive, helpful and knowledgable. The room was clean (but see other comments later), the towels and robes very comfortable and the jacuzzi bath good fun. The adjustable bed was very good for elevating the feet after a long walking day. The hotel's position halfway along La Rambla is perfect. Now the disappointments - The room (403) was very small with no dressing table nor mirror, except in the bathroom where it was regularly steamed up. Tea / coffee making facilities would have been nice also. The carpet was very badly marked and stained including several cigarette burns. The furniture was cheap, shoddy and likewise stained. Our window view was of a blank wall 10m away. We asked to be moved and offered to pay for an upgrade but the hotel was full. We paid 190 Euros for the room per night directly booked with the hotel. The bar was very basic, lacked comfort and atmosphere. It was rarely staffed so you had to interupt the frontdesk for service. Here I admit to being ultra-critical and this probably doesn't matter to most people. However, we like to have a relaxing glass of beer or wine at the end of the day and in the evenings.All in all it was a fairly pleasant place to stay (no better than that) and a deluxe room, rather than basic, is definately recommended.

clean hotel, great price Seattle was sold out, and this place got good enough reviews on tripadvisor, so I chose it. Good price, nice to be in the center of town. Pros: inexpensive and cleanCons: no A/C, small TV, small bathroom, no internet accessBasically, a room, clean sheets, good location. No regrets... I got what I paid for and was not disappointed.

Great hotel. I'd return in a heartbeat. Fantastic hotel. Wonderful service.Plus:* Great location* I arrived early, and while my room was not ready, they were very accommodating regarding my desire to change and freshen up.* I had a corner room, and while other corners would have a view of the water, my room was great. Lots of room, big TV with art/music channels, very very comfortable.* Very comfortable bed. Prompt room service.* Nice area for breakfast and drinks* free high speed internet, wired and wireless.Cons:* Parking was pricey* None that I can think of. For any business/pleasure downtown, this is a great place to stay. Highly recommended.

clean, but issues with service I understand it is always hard to meet expectations in a service industry, but too many strikes against the marriott on this visit.I reserved 3 rooms. After being told that they could all be on the same floor, only two were on the same floor. Having arrived at 3pm, I could only get into one room.They messed up one of my relatives reservations, and would not honor the original room rate (only a small nightly difference).I called for my car, which was valet parked ($45/day), and it took 35 minutes to get it, even though it was 6 in the morning. I went downstairs to get a luggage cart to get my suitcases out of our rooms when leaving. When I got back downstairs, I was instructed that I wasn't allowed to take the carts. Other items to note: No lobby to speak of. No food other than breakfast. room service is delivery from a nearby restaurant. As you can read, none of these were serious offenses. The rooms were clean. Shower had plenty of hot water. Rooms were a perfectly reasonable size. Breakfast buffet was fine.I'll stay elsewhere the next time I am in NYC. At $200/night, this would have been fine. At $375, I expected more.

Hmmm I was in Singapore for a conference and this was the conference hotel. I had come from Bangkok where I was in the delightful Swiss Lodge--a small boutique hotel--and this was just way over the top. It is huge and the lobby was always crowded. I am not a fan of big chain hotels so that was an immediate demerit for me. The location was great and the staff was nice but it was too big, too expensive, and offered no more than the Swiss Lodge at a fraction of the cost. On my own, I would never choose this hotel but as a predetermined base, it was ok.

Try Anothr I spent four nights at the hotel for a conference and was not impressed. The conference rate seemed to be quite high and was more likely a function of supply/demand than a reflection of value. The staff was pleasant and the meals prepared for the group ranged from acceptble to wonderful. However, the room was dowdy and there were some odd quirks. My message light stayed on all the time--despite no messages and repeated promises to fix it. The shower only pointed straight out, rather than down, which was very odd. My main complaint was the nickel and diming that was everywhere. They offered one free pack of in-room coffee with others available at a modest price. The bottled water could be taken for $4.25!! and there was no mileage credit given because of our group rate. I would neither go back nor recommend it based on my experience.

Just what I needed I needed a handy airport hotel for an overnight. Last time I stayed at one of the NH hotels and found it very far away and too much money for such a brief stay. The Intercity measured much better on the overall scale. It was more convenient and had everything I needed for my purpose--which was a place to sleep. The room was clean, well appointed and left me completely satisfied. The bus was rather crowded and probably should run every 20 minutes.

Nice Place I satyed four nights at the hotel for a conference and found it to be a fine establishment. I was in a distant section that made access to the lobby and conference section quite a hike but was near to the spa and pool which proved to be an advantage. The pool is immense and, as a swimmer, was most welcome.The food was tasty and well presented and the location was very convenient for access to lots of transportation and local activities.

Fantastic hotel...Fantastic City I have just returned from spending 7 nights at this fabulous hotel. Being English and on holiday I didn't know what to expect of a city hotel but I was impressed and highly delighted by our choice. The staff were always friendly and extremely helpful and knowledgeable. The hotel room was large, well appointed and very clean and maid serviced daily. We were on the 8th floor directly below the pool and exercise room and had a great view of the southern edge of the city. The lobby provided a relaxing place to sit while enjoying a coffee. There is a computer suite with 2 internet PC's and printers for checking e-mail and researching the days activities. There is also a pay phone and ATM machine for those last minute cash withdrawals. The breakfast was very good with a great choice of pastries, fresh fruit, yoghurt and cooked sausage and eggs even up to 10.00am when they stopped serving, with coffee / tea available all day. The location although not in the centre of Boston was only a few minutes away from downtown by silver line bus (the stop 2 blocks away) or the number 1 bus, giving access to the T stations and a direct route to Harvard (the stop being just across the street outside the hospital). The location of the hotel is on the edge of a residential area and industrial estate at a major intersection. Some people may be threatened by this type of neighborhood but we walked every where and never at any time felt under threat.Although there is no restaurant on site there is a McDonalds and a bar/diner across the street and 5 minutes walk away down Mass Ave is the quaintest diner you ever would like to eat in Victoria's was the best ever.We only used the hotel shuttle once and that was to return to the airport. It runs on the hour and takes about 10-15 minutes to make its way over to the drop. At 4.00pm we were the only passengers .The driver was prompt, extremely helpful and very courteous and his demeanor epitomized everyone we encountered at this hotel. All in all you get what you pay for and more....go on give it a try...you won't be disappointed !!!!

No complaints, quite a few compliments We stayed here for 5 nights, end of August. We are a family w/ two children (5,7) and stayed in the family suite w/ the room ajoining. The hotel is in a great location, but it does get a lot of noise from the street. We faced Powell St., so we pretty much had the worst of it. Fortunately that doesn't really affect any of us, but you really should keep that in mind when asking for a room. The kids suite was great. Even though we weren't in the room that much, when we were, the kids kept busy playing with the games and gadgets (great idea, don't know why all hotels don't have this choice). I didn't have a problem with the decor (to be honest don't really remember much about the furniture) and the staff were really good. We'd definately stay here again if we go back to SF.

Good location, easy access, good rates Have to agree with recent reviews. Super location for transport with the MTR, buses and trams to take you around the city just a few hundred yards away. Buses to Stanley and Aberdeen etc are also just up the road from the tram stop.We had a harbour view room which was fairly small as compared to other hotels that we stayed in Asia - but that is to be expected given that space is a premium in HK.Rooms are very comfortable, with comfy bed and nice bathroom and safe deposit box and tea/coffee facilities at no charge, staff were very friendy.Will stay again.

Great Hotel for a great price Our time spent at the pelangi bali hotel was so good that we stayed for an extra 3 days. The free breakfast was simple but pretty good and rotated throughout the week. The view from the restaurant was excellent, and I really enjoyed waking up to a cup of coffee while watching the surfers catch the 4-5 ft. waves directly in front of the hotel. The rooms were very large for the price and had a full suite of amenities. The bathroom was a little rusty but still quite adequate. The hotel staff was extremely friendly, and helped out with any possible request. The only real problem I had with the hotel was the booking. I booked through their website, gave them my credit card info, and received a confirmation...then on my day of travel they abruptly canceled my reservation. I didn't find out until I was at the hotel. The hotel was very accommodating though, and gave me a room for around the same price as the internet special I wanted (~550000 Rp) despite not having a reservation when I showed up.

Allez le Blue! ! ! Just returned from a great few days in this wonderful city.Oct 11-16Great weather,great food,and of course a great little hotel.Catherine and moi spent five nights in the St.Christophe and we fully agree with all the positive comments made here.The hotel itself is spotlessly clean as was our room which was on the 5th floor,with a lovely view over side streets.The staff are friendly and helpful,and really made us feel welcome.A couple of tips to help you on your visit:We arrived from Dublin in CGD at 4 pm.We decided to be adventurous and take the RER to Chatalet then line 7 to Pl. Monge................................a big mistake.Chatalet is a nightmare at rush hour,even moreso with luggage!! Take a taxi its less stressful.About 40mins and 40 euro should see you to your hotel.The 47 Bus is very useful for getting downtown,it drops you back almost at the door of the hotel.Bon Voyage, we will return to the St. Christophe.

Great hotel in a very nice area One would have to agree with all the other good reviews. This hotel is very nice. We had a very comfortable room on the top floor overlooking a quiet road. The setting was perfect.The hotel itself is a small walking distance to the 'Tube' and Hyde ParkThe staff were friendly and helpful and any request was promptly attended to.We will definately stay here again.

Majestic! Stayed here for 2 nights last Dec. 22, '08. We were given a room at the 32nd floor of the Imperial Tower with the view of Ginza. The service is impeccable and the location is the best for us who want to be close to Ginza and train station which are few minutes walk from the hotel.

great hotel stayed at this hotel for 5 nights this october it is very clean rooms are good size and housekeeping is completed each day the reception staff are very helpful and theconceirge can organise all you tours for you and in most cases can have you picked up at hotel would recomend stay here in preference to any place else as all the life is around here

fab hotel and staff we have just come back from a stay at the metro hotel on west 35th street and i/we must say the hotel was definetly above any other hotel we have stayed in new york inthe last no of years very clean the rooms good size and daily cleaning you can have a great connental breakfast before you go in the mornings and tea and coffee anytime you like during the day or night the staff are very helpfull and especialy eve and gorg and all the staff across the road from hotel is brendans for a meal good but a bit pricy also the irish pub just alongside the hotel the same but like all irish pubs food good but just be carefull of price we could recomend this hotel to anyone who is looking for a very comfortable place that is well centered for both times square ten mins walk maceys and broadway on the door step so if you dont enjoy your stay here it is your fault not the hotel

Pink marble everywhere! My overwhelming memory of this hotel are the bathrooms which are really so naff they should be granted some sort of historical preservation order. Pink marble, gaudy fittings - incredible. The problem is you keep spotting the same pink marble elsewhere in the hotel and this leaves you deeply traumatised. The good news is the hotel is about to have a 36m dollar makeover - hopefully the bathrooms are top priority. Pink marble aside it's a nice place if a bit dated. The big, open lobby is intimate enough to enjoy pre dinner drinks. Breakfast service is friendly and efficient as is the valet parking. The central location, just by Union Sq. makeS this an ideal place to stay to enjoy Downtown and restaurants but just be careful not to wander into Tenderloin which is very nearby - we did and felt threatened and vulnerable ( we were jostled and called white trash).

Good location and excellent value We Stayed in the Apsis Splendid for 3 nights in March 2006. The hotel is ideally located for the aerobus with the Universitat bus stop only a few hundred metres from the hotel. The location is perfect, about a 10 minute stroll to Placa de Catalunya and La Ramblas. The area around the hotel is perfectly safe and we were quite happy walking back around midnight to the hotel. We was a bit worried that it might be a bit noisy from what we had read from other reports but we had a room on the 3rd floor and we had no complaints about any noise.We paid 85 euros a night without breakfast which for the location and quality of the hotel was excellent value for money. The rooms were a good size and very clean.I would highly recommend this hotel.

A good place to stay. My wife and I stayed here three nights. We found it as good as most four star hotels in the US. The hotel staff were uniformly friendly and helpful and most spoke excellent English. The restaurants were pricy and in our experience (coffee shop and Chinese restaurant) the food was good, but not great.The internet wireless connection was free and worked well.For a hotel that seemed as American as this one I was surprised that there wasn't a coffee maker in the room.

Amazing Hotel, Amazing View, Amazing Service champagne and avocado happy hour

Great location, good hotel - but avoid first floor until building work ends First off, at the time of writing (Aug '06) this hotel is adding a floor and there's a lot of building work going on - but don't let that put you off. We liked the location (thirty steps from the beach) and the local vibe so much we (two adults and three teenage children) extended our stay and wished we'd checked in earlier.We had a suite with a partial sea view - very spacious with a sofa bed and a rollaway, plus a king size double in an adjacent room. The suite also had a kitchenette with a big fridge, microwave and cooker, although we never used it because there are so many good places to eat at all prices within walking distance.Reception staff were very helpful and they provide free cookies each day, the breakfast is self-service and a bit basic, but it is FREE and you can top up further nearby.We would recommend avoiding the third (really the first if you're from the UK, and second if you're from the US) floor on the side of the hotel where all the building materials are kept - I had concerns that the pile of wood allowed someone walking along the street to climb onto our balcony if they desired. I mentioned this to the very helpful receptionist who immediately found us another room on the 4th floor (with less clanking air conditioning) and told the builders to move the timber away from the building.You can hire surf boards at the back of the hotel and get a discount if you mention where you're staying too. The pedestrian boulevard at the back is fantastic for people watching - all human life is there with a great spectrum of characters going for a stroll, literally hundreds of them - but amazingly they're gone by 9pm.The beach is brilliant with life guards evenly spaced along the sand and the surf was amazing.When the fifth floor is finished they're probably put the rates up - so get in now and get a bargain.

Drowing in its own hype Just returned from the NYE bash at the Gansevoort South, and I must say that I was terribly disappointed with some aspects of this hotel. Their NYC reputation has extended among the South Beach regulars, and the place is awash is hype. Hottest Spot nonsense that will probably not last the quarter. This hotel occupies the former Roney Palace property, and they have surely invested a huge sum into its renovation. To this effect, they have succeeded; and the sleek, colorful, and sophisticated design of this hotel is spot on South Beach. But this is where the magic stops. For their New Years' bash, we paid nearly $300 per ticket, on the understanding that this price included open bar, food, and perfomances by hip hop artist T.I. The open bar was a singular unit, thus it took nearly 45 minutes to get a drink. They oversold their tickets, so food was only provided to the tables, which cost $5000 each...A clear case of tolerated false advertising. The bar was only pre-stocked.expecting to see T.I. perform on stage, but instead I saw him being beamed in on a flat screen from Times Square. Really, this party was a joke. The door staff was quick to turn their back on you, which is a common and annoying gesture in SoBe. However, if you're paying the massive amount that will inevitably greet you upon checking in, the last thing you want is to be ignored when you need help. For this reason, I do not recommend this hotel. Like most hotels in South Beach, this hotel is stupidly expensive...but unlike the rest, it reeks annoyingly of pretention. For the price, you can book a room at The Tides, Shore Club, or The Delano, all much better hotels that have made their mark in South Beach, and surely will not treat you like you are a bother. P.S. They valet parked my Porsche GT, and still treated me like I wasn't rich enough to step inside.

Old Lady needs a facelift, but she ain't that bad Stayed at the Cathedral Hill, Feb 27-March 5. This old lady needs a facelift but overall it was not a bad place. She is ugly compared to the great architecture SF has to offer. Good location for the Civic Center/ Opera/Symphony. Only about 4 blocks to the California Cable Car terminus. Hotel food was basic hotel food...but being SF, dining out is part of the whole SF experience. Single women travelers may want to use caution as it is on the edge of the Tenderloin area, but Van Ness is a busy avenue. I was there during the week and it was quiet, but I did notice that on Friday more people coming for weekend getaways. It is nothing fancy but not the black hole of Calcutta either.

Great little hotel Very nice hotel, lovely large rooms with new items. Only issue is the heating, which they tell me is a problem with the thermostat and a temporary problem. Great location, very friendly service and good price. Overall, just great!

Stay Away We noticed a strong odor on the floor and my wife couldn't understand why she was suffering from breathing difficulty each night when we returned to the hotel. We later found out that the smell was mold (we suspected but it was later confirmed) due to a problem they had on the floor above with the sprinkler. It is hard to believe that a hotel placed guests on a floor knowing that there was a mold problem.The breakfast, which is 40 Euros (about $55 USD) is ok but I never rec'd the omelette I requested despite numerous requests.Bottom line, for the price there are far more reputable places to stay in Paris.

Nice place Better than some reviews give it credit for. Overall, the rooms were a bit small but nice. Everything was clean, the view was wonderful and it is very well located (the Prudential Center makes shopping and eating easy and the T is nearby for jaunts out and about the city). Overall, it was a good experience and the staff was quite friendly.

Transport and Breakfast at the Novotel We stayed here for 3 nights from 14th to 17th December 2006. Excellent transport links made this a good choice for us - next to tram, bus and train stops, 15 mins from airport, and 20 mins to cross the whole of Amsterdam by the fast and frequent tram No 4. We bought a 48 hour all-in ticket for E10 which took us everywhere except to and from the airport by train. We expected a modern business hotel, which it is, but were pleasantly surprised by the efficient professional friendly service, by the excellent breakfasts included in our E125 double, and a very good evening meal at E35 each including simple drinks. Buffet breakfast had the option of full English, Continental with fine beef, ham and cheeses, lots of fruit and yoghourt and decent strong coffee. Clean, comfortable room, with good lighting. Only real minus was smoking in the reception area. Would be happy to return even though we generally prefer older atmospheric hotels right in the centre of cities. Clifford and Patricia Gould. Somerset, England.

Outstanding location Just got back from a week in Florence (Firenza), staying at Westin Excelsior, with my wife on a vacation. First of all, let me say that this is probably the BEST location in Florence, with the best views, right on the Arno river. We looked around alot for other hotels we might want to stay at for our next visit and came to the conclusion that this is the best place in town (our guides told us the same thing) Across the square is the sister hotel, the Grand Hotel, which is equally as nice. You can walk to virtually everything within 10-15 minutes, straight down the sidewalk by the river Arno. It is worth the money to get a room with a view of the Arno, and balcony (they are really tiny balconies, but at least you can open the doors and gaze out). If you stay at an in town hotel, be prepared for alot of noise on the streets.Rooms are small, but nicely decorated, and our bathroom was actually bigger than many American hotels, with double sinks, separate toilet area and excellent shower/tub-great shower water pressure! I might advise to avoid stepping up to the suites, since they are really not much larger than a regular river view room (the pictures are misleading). English television selections are BBC and CNBC or else movies, but you probably won't watch TV anyway. The hotel employees are really, really helpful, and very nice and speak English quite well, so that is not a problem. The prices of food and drinks are quite high, but there is never a need to eat at the hotel, because Florence has so many excellent Trattorias, Cafes and Restaurants, all within a couple of minutes of the hotel, that are 1/2 or even 1/3 the price.Our room was around $500 Euro per night and I think we would pay that again and stay here if we go back. Walking guides of the Duomo and Ufizzi are avaliable thru the concierge, and they can get you into these places without lines, but they are quite expensive if booked thru the condierge--$80 Euro per hour, plus the cost of the entry to the museums. A guide is worth it, but maybe they can be found at half the price by not going thru your concierge.

great location poor room Approaching the hotel looks very magestic and granduer. Reception very smart, but from there it goes down hill. The room was very basic and 80's looking, the place needs a big modernisation to bring it in to the 00's. Breakfast is reasonable, the only real plus is the location it is very close to all the main attractions. There is alot of outdoor work taking place so be weary of the views from these rooms. Bring a jumper when your in san francisco it does get windy and sometimes cold.

Congratulations ! Outside Banks Mansion is a very classical building but well situated to visit Amsterdam. All main attractions can be reach even by foot even if i advice to rent a bike to get better fun. That was perfect .Inside the reception is friendly with a desk, a open bar all long day, a saloon to met your friends or to take some rest, a corner with a fire and an other place with 2 PC for a free access to Internet. i appreciated to be able to look at my mails very easily.My room (207) was nice too, enough large for 2 two people, well decorated, good bed, flat screen, open mini bar (all included), nice bathroom. All is clean and the stuff dont disturb your stay.The breakfast was in the same way, well appreciated, you can be fat very quicky !!All the stuff is young with good skills and like to help you if needed. A special thank to Nancy for her smile !Just 2 remarks for me :- TV device was a bit old (4/3 flat screen) and doesn t work very well, some issues to switch on and change the channel.- there are 2 separeted taps in the bathroom for hot and cold water..good quality but it was uneasy to fine ajust the temperature especially because the tap for hot tap was in the wrong direction (turn left to stop water). it was made for purpose but not a good idea in fact because unusual.As a conclusion Banks Mansion is a very good hotel as we should like to find everywhere in the world. Excellent in its category

Great location the room view

Nice hotel, but not worth the $ The beach

Great small hotel, a bit too much out of the center of things The hotel is very nice. The desk personnel were all friendly and helpful. The lobby is large and not too crowded and the perfect place to hang out for a long continental breakfast (I especially appreciated the ability to add a shot of espresso to my morning coffee, which was excellent) or the wine/cheese afternoon reception (wines and good, cheese plate average). The rooms are reasonable sized, attractive, with all expected amenities, large closet, bathrobes, etc.The only negatives were a bullhorn echoing most of the day in 26th street from some strikers at the New York Life building (New York: please develop livability laws like in my city) and the relative distance from theaters and shopping. I'd stay there again, but would probably stay in a sister hotel closer to the center of things.

loved the Royal Garden On arrival at reception we found the executive room we had booked was not there for us. We were offered an upgrade to a suite for for three nights which seemed reasonable.The suite was pleasant, L shaped with the bed rather squeezed into the small area.It was well appointed with good quality linens but it did need some updating. The bathroom was small but well equipped.Breakfast was an incredibly lavish if expensive affair with all tastes catered for - oriental ,continental or full English.The swimming pool and jaccuzi in the spa on the 17th floor were the piece de resistance. The setting was stunning with wonderful views overlooking the city.

My Best Vacation Ever Up in the Hills on a Tour of the Island

Disappointed . . . I made a reservation for four days. On arrival, there was no bellman, so I found room 217 myself. The room was next to an electrical generator which vibrated noisily --- and the air-conditioner was very loud. I asked for a room change and they put me in 321. I enjoy reading on vacation. There was no comfortable chair with an adjacent light. When I tried to read in bed, it slid away from the wall because it was on wheels. And the draperies were ripped. The third room had a chair, but no light next to it. So I shoved the chair into the entry area and read there. Overall, the rooms are dark. I thought the breakfasts were poorly presented, more like a diner. In the lunch restaurant, the service was terrible. The swimming pool is 6 x 10 feet and the lounge chairs there were taken most of the time. The bathrooms are very small. There was a nice porch where one could sit out and read or visit.The hotel building has great charm. The people working there are friendly. El Convento seems to me more like a three-star hotel. It is not luxurious, but pleasant. I thought $397 a night for a single was too much. I would not return.

Jury's is simply fantastic My husband and I actually got married at Jury's Boston Hotel, and it couldn't have been a more perfect experience! I found this hotel during Boston's restaurant week, and enjoyed dining at the Stanhope Grill (which is incredibly good.) After seeing how kind and accomplished the staff was, and how consistent they were at being so great, we booked the restaurant and 10 rooms for our big day. It couldn't have been a better experience, both the wedding and the hotel stay. All of our parents and family who stayed in the hotel had a fantastic time with great service and comfortable rooms. The larger two-double-bed rooms had a gorgeous bathroom, and our single-king was nice too. The room was spotless, and all the staff was super kind. If you want easy, friendly, elegant service that is better than the supposed-best hotels, than Jury's is the place. There's no finer property in town when you consider the whole package, and the location is superb. Considering I paid way over $10K for my wedding to be held here, I think every cent was well worth it!

Perfect Stay Except for One Annoyance My husband and I stayed here for our last night in Sydney, as part of our honeymoon. I must say I have never seen a more beautiful and luxurious hotel, in all of my travels. The location is to die for, and the staff are incredibly nice and attentive. I almost fell over when the reception agent walked us to our room, and made sure everything was to our liking. An incredible hotel, a gorgeous room, and a stunning bathroom without a doubt. And, the automatic shades were cool, but didn't close 100% (and you can't move them by hand.) BUT, there was one REALLY annoying thing, that totally knocked one owl face off of my rating. They charged us $11 to make a 1.2 minute call to a local number. HELLO!? If people are paying over $500 a night for a hotel room, do you charge them to pick up the phone for 1.2 minutes, to call a friend in the same city? I was amazed at something so thoughtless/greedy/silly. So, I hope your stay is as great as ours, but stay away from the phones! Don't even look at 'em, or you may get some obnoxious charge! And, uh, the breakfast is $45 each. I don't know what they was serving, but it couldn't have been that delicious. The view, though, is unbelievable, with the sound of waves under the restaurant when the windows are open...

Good but too expensive, esp with extras I've stayed at the Sydney Sheraton Four Points previously, and it's a good hotel, and this time was a good experience. BUT, they annoyed the heck out of us with their many fees. It costs money to use the office center, the breakfast was good but hugely expensive, and then the rooms aren't cheap either. The hotel is nicely located in Darling Harbour, but there's lots more of Sydney that's worth exploring beyond this area. If you want a great hotel that's spotless and easy, and close to tourist interests, this is a fantastic choice. Just be ready for lots of fees!

Could have been better Welcome and check-in was a little bit below expectations. Staff was very friendly but the personal touch was missing. The room was ok nothing very special. The Clubfloor lounge is very large and serves very good snacks. The Chinese Restaurant on the 5th floor has excellent food and service is above expectations.The Bar was a bit disappointing.Overall the Hotel is a little bit below what you would expect from a Mandarin Oriental in Asia. I have been staying in the Ritz-Carlton which is next door and has more spirit to it, so the next time I will prefer staying there.

the negative reviews are incorrect I stayed at the Elan Hotel this April, on the first floor, right next to the construction area. Until it was daytime during the week, you could not hear ANY noise in the room - it was silent. Even during construction, the rooms were immaculate, the staff was as nice as ever (I have stayed here for the past 6 years), and breakfast was bountiful and fresh. I know that there are homeless people living in other countries in nice areas on the street, so I was surprised to see the negative comments about the homeless people. This exists in nice areas in NY, Chicago, New Orleans, and every other major US City. As for not worth the money or too expensive, I am not sure what discount website you are looking at for the West Hollywood area, but if you can find a wonderful hotel like Elan in West Hollywood for even close to their low rates, PLEASE let me know, as I search every year, and can't find anything close to their prices. The nice hotel down the block by the Beverly Center is about 3 times the price of the Elan. I am not aware of a better value in West Hollywood, than the Elan Hotel. Bob ZelinOrlando, FL.

A good option outside the main tourist area This hotel is well appointed with good size rooms and are in good general condition, clean and well maintained. The rooms in the fron ttower are better in my opinion, seemed more modern and spacious (we stayed in both). We didn't make much use of the facilities, you don't need to as there are plenty of good restarants nearby in the Zona Rosa. We found it perfectly safe to walk around, including walking homee after eating out in the evening. The hotel staff were friendly and very helpful. Although not in the Historic Zone this is well away from the dense traffic and crowds in that area - and the better for it. You are roughly midway bewteen the Centro Historico and the Park and can walk to either (its about 40 minute walk to the Zocalo. It's also only about 20 minutes (depending on traffic) from the airport - so is good for shorter stays.

Friendly and Well Located In Boston for two nights prior to a 5 night stay in Killington as part of a half term family skiing trip with our 14 years old son. Chose this hotel based on other reviews and location and got a great deal via otel.com (one of the links via check rates).Everyone at the Lenox was so friendly and helpful. The place is small enough and old enough to have the character that you just don't get from the big corporate chains. The rooms are traditionally furnished and OK space wise although our bathroom was a bit small. I believe the lobby, restaurants and other public areas have all been refurbished in the last year or two.We only ate breakfast at the hotel which was good and the location is perfect just a block away from Copley Sq. Would recommend the Lenox to anyone.

Hotwire Customer Favorite If you are looking for a great value hotel near fisherman's wharf - look no further. beds are comfy. breakfast is incredible. only down side is parking - its $37 for the hotel parking.there is street parking which is free from 7-7 = after that its 3.00$ an hour 25 cents every 6 minutes! which would be a pain if you had to sleep in.would stay there again.i booked thru hotwire - it is listed as a 2 1/2 star hotel with the thumbs up for customer favorite -

Gem of a hotel surrounded by red light district I booked this hotel because of the Orbitz price. I was a bit weary wondering if this would be just another red light district hotel but i was proved wrong. This hotel is a Gem! clean, small room. good bathroom. comfortable double bed. great sky lite for fresh air. didn't do the breakfast - walk 5 min out the door to the left and you pass 3 super dank bakery joints that have scrumptious real breakfast for under 7 euros a person.it's a 10min walk door to door from the station but the location is EASY - i mean SUPER EASY to find - which is important late night for any tourist in amsterdam. catch any tram back to the station and you can easily find your way home - not a bad trade off for the proximity to public transit. street was cleaned every morning.hotel staff: super protective and professional - felt very safe here - very pleasing for amsterdam.stay here for the value

Friendly The hotel was located in the center of the city allowing us to walk to every point we wanted to go to thewith exception of one taxi ride.our room was about average size for a suite in the U.S.! and was very clean, although the bathroom was small it was bigger then most in Europe. the large window opened onto the bell tower of a 400 year old church and with a partical view of the river.The staff was very help full and always plesent and truly friendly..The only two issues were the several flights of stairs you had to climb to get to the hotel and I dont get in small elevators so that was my problem. the second was the mosquitos one night but the staff provided a mosquito repealant you burned which was oderless and it did the trick........

Never again. W HotelSan FranciscoOct 28 1, 2004, Room 516Oct. 29 No housekeeping at all. Called at 10 pm and asked if we wanted any.Oct. 30 Called concierge and asked for a cab van for six people at a specific time. Called at 7:00 for 8:30 pm. It was a woman. Got to concierge at appointment time and a man told us to go see the bell boy in the street, Luckily we only had five and squeezed into a cab, and made our dinner reservation with only 5 min, to spare.Parking charges, internet charges, room service charges are unconscionably large.Telephone is nearly inaudible to other inside hotel numbers both from the room and from the house phone across from the desk in the lobby. Strong hum indicates wiring problems with the phone system.Reservation was screwed up and we were given an invoice, and it was charged to Visa, after the first night of a four night reservation. Called early in the morning after the invoice was put under the door, and changed the incorrect reservation. Desk called back a second time hours later confused over the reservation.Sound isolation from very, very loud bass in the lobby practically shook the room. Called at 9:40 pm and complained but was told nicely that it would be over at 10 pm, which seemed reasonable.Room was ready early.

Stress Free Vacation We stayed at Excellence May28Th till June 3rd.Being self employed its hard getting away from more then a long 3 or 4 day weekend. So being able to spend 6 nights at EPC was a nice treat. First thing I wanna say which has no barring on EPC itself is if you can book your flight and not have to use Miami as a stop do it. It is the worst airport I have ever been in. It wasn't bad on the way to Punta Cana but Customs was a mad house. There was so much confusion on where to go and how to get there and with it being a major international airport the customs lines are long. Airport was beautiful never been to a port where its all open air and thatched roofs. We were in and out of the airport in 30 minutes tops. We booked out transfer with Mikes Taxi's. IBK They were right there as you walk out of the airport. The driver was nice he spoke little english and we spoke little spanish so we didn't communicate with each other very well. LOL The ride was fine wasn't horrible but I can see where some people complain about it being rough or dangerous at times. Its long if you get caught behind some of the large construction trucks if you get lucky and have a semi clear ride it could be under an hour if not expect 75 minutes or so. Pulling up to the lobby is much like any other resort you get the customary champagne and wet towel. We were escorted to the Excellence Club for check in by my man Antonio who we would see all week. He remember our names all week and is an asset to this resort. Which may seem strange since he was a bellboy but he really has great customer service skills. We meet Roberto he runs the Excellence Club and is the best. Was willing to do anything he could to make sure we had the best time while we were there. Throughout the week as we walked by the would get a wave or an hola or asked if we needed anything to make our stay even better. Took a few minutes for check in and chatted for a few then they took us to our room. We stayed in swim up room 10004.It was nice it was clean and there was a flat screen TV. All a man needs right? We had a nice bar filled with different hard liquors that we actually never used. Only thing we did was asked for a bottle of wine each day and they brought it by in the afternoon each day. They had 3 choices of beer Presidante Bohemia and Bud. Ended up changing the Bud for Number 1, which is a Dominican beer, which ended up being our favorite. They also had a few snacks including Kit Kats Oreo's and crackers. Which we found came in handy each day.The room was one of the few that have lounge chairs right in front of the room or a hammock right outside your door. Neither was a big deal since we asked for a room that was closed to the water. We did have 2 chairs and a table outside our door though.Drinks were good I will say I hear a lot of people complain about the drinks not being strong and this has a lot to do with the type of drink you order. If you are ordering Sammy daiquiris etc this will more then likely be the case because they are premixed and in a machine just waiting to be poured out. You can go anywhere and the drink will be weak from these machines. All you need to do is ask for a little extra run or tequila when you order it and they will put it in. Any of the other drinks that they pour and pre made you wont have a problem with.Food was good we ate at every restaurant except for Barcelona the Mediterranean. I was a little worried about the lobster since I have read in numerous reviews was not good. It was my favorite meal .I got the cajun spiced grilled lobster and it was delicious.The grill was pretty good as well. And then portions at the grill were large. Actually too larger for us we had a ton of food we even finish. The beef was a little overcooked then what I asked for but it was still easily cut with a butter knife so it dry at all just not quite how I asked for it. Not a biggie.Spice was a good meal also the Asian restaurant and the sushi was pretty good as was the duck I got.After all the raving about the french restaurant here on T/A and from talking to other guests at the resort we were really looking forward to our meal and ended up disappointed. Not because it was bad, it was good just not great. The service was the best we had all week for dinner. I think it had to do with higher expectations. The meal was good nothing blew us away.Then Toscana was the Italian restaurant its lacking in atmosphere but this is just due to it being a multi purpose restaurant. Its connected to Barcelona and kinda has a school cafeteria feel to it. This is because it also serves the buffet for breakfast and lunch. Food was good here though.For lunch our favorite place was the Grill. It has a couple of lighter options for lunch when its hot and you what heavy foods like burgers etc. And the big reason we went there a lot was because of the service we got from Ricky. He was great, always attentive and would chat with those that were interested in having a conversation and would leave you alone if you were having a private conversation with each other. Never an empty glass I normally had wine with lunch and I walked out each afternoon a little buzzed because he always had my glass filled. I actually had to ask him to slow down. LOLI will say we had no wait times at any meal We showed up to meals between 6:45 and 7:30 each evening and the restaurants were near empty so it looks like most people eat late. We were actually disappointed a little since we like to have a few drinks and chat before dinner. The meals also only took 30 minutes tops which seemed strange to us if they are trying to have upscale meals. We were also a little disappointed with this since we got all dressed up for a meal and it was so short. I am sure most will like this but we were never in a hurry so this our preference.Beach and pools were nice. The beach was clean no trash or rocks and we had plenty of room to pick a chair all day long. The water was black or red flagged each day but it have any problems out in the water you can get out there chest high without being worried about the rip current. Any deeper and you need to use caution.Pool was good we woke up the first morning early fully expecting the chair wars to begin. So I got up at 6:30 looked out our sliding glass door and not a person in site. Took a shower etc watched some TV looked out again around 7:45 right before we went to breakfast and there were only 2 spots taken so we went and saved a spot thinking we would be outta luck if we waited till after breakfast.We ate and went back to the room to change headed out to the pool around 9:30 and there were atleast half of the lounges still open but most of the shaded lounges were taken by this time. This was how it was everyday of our stay. Not sure if this is just because we were in the Excellence Club part of the resort. The main pool area where all the games happen was full each morning by 8 AM so if you wanna be there show up early but if you are not into that then I think you need to play the chair wars at all.We really do any excursions since we were there to relax only thing we did was the horseback riding which is offered for free. Make sure to book this the first day you arrive it books up fast.It last about 45-60 minutes you go through a path through palm trees and come out to the beach take pictures which they will try and sell to you later and then walk along the beach back to the resort. Its nice nothing spectacular the horses are not well taken care of the look very malnutrition which is kinda sad.The only show we went to the Michael Jackson show which was pretty neat. The rest of the shows are the typical shows all resorts have. We go to any of the others did kinda watch from a far from the Kafe Nothing made us get up to go watch.I used the gym a few times and was very clean and well taken care of. I workout 5 days a week with weights and while it was limited with free weights it had plenty of machines and cardio equipment. Was the best gym I have seen in an all inclusive resort.One of the major pluses we noticed were the covered walkways. This was a nice touch. It really was nice if it was raining or if it would be really hot and you wanna walk without getting beaten by the sun.We never had any issue with water be it hot cold or the pressure and we had no power issues. We kinda expect it to happen but never had these problems.Had one bug problem the entire time and it was in the bathroom and it was just one bug but it was huge. LOL Again the nature of the area and we kinda expected it being on the bottom floor.There are tons of birds fish turtles all over the resort along with a few small lizards and they have boxes set out with food to feed all of them. It was nice to walk by and feed them throughout the day and take pictures.Overall we enjoyed our stay here a lot and would recommend this resort to friends and family. Its nice to know we now have a place we can go next time we vacation in the Dominican.If you have any questions feel free to contact me.

Great hotel at a great location View from our room

Decent but not more This hotel was decent. We were in another building owned by the hotel which was about a block away -- little annoying to have to go to the main building for breakfast (which was quite basic but ok), but this wasn't a big deal.The room itself was ok. Bed was comfortable and it was quiet, but I did not like how few ammenities there were (lack of towels, for example). Spotted a couple spiders and such as well in the room. Our room had a door that opened up to a 'garden' type of place, which was nifty, and I assume this is where the bugs came from. There was a TV with satellite, but it would stop working after a few minutes.Location was 15 min away from the heart of the city though only 5 min from the main station; no complaints here.All in all, it was an ok stay, but I think I'd choose another place in Florence next time if I can find something at a similar price.

Fit for purpose We stayed here for 1 night as we were flying out the next morning at 6am and everything about the hotel was fine. The room was clean, bathroom was a decent size, and there was free wifi internet which is always a bonus. Shuttle the next morning was also good.

Very Average We have just gotten back from a 3 night stay at the hotel max after going to Seattle for a friends wedding. The hotel was average at best.. the Queen room was very small with not much room to get around the bed and a very tiny bathroom. The main gripe we had about the hotel was the noise, we were up on the 6th floor, however the traffic noise was still pretty bad and we were woken up at 4:30 the one morning with the aircon above dripping water on our aircon unit (think big raindrops on a tin roof). The airon itself sounds like a industrial fan and given that you can't open windows due to traffic noise doesn't help induce a peaceful nights sleep.the WIFI internet at the hotel is a complete rip-off ($12 for 24hrs) and given that there is free internet in the 'business centre' downstairs I don't see why they can't just throw this in with the room price which isn't exactly a bargain.Good points: The hotel was very clean when we stayed there and they were helpful enough to bring up some headache pills after I came down with food poisoning. The location is also pretty central with decent shops around 5 mins away.If you're stuck for a hotel at a decent(ish) price this isn't bad but do some research as my friend who got married stayed at the Andra hotel and his room looked ALOT nicer.

Good value for money I've stayed at the Oak hotel for a total of 3 days. The hotel is situated only 3-5 minutes walk (depends on the weight of your luggage) away from the Inaricho Subway Station ( Ginza line) which is perfect as it takes you to the heart of Tokyo in only 10mins. It's also about 10-12 mins away from the Ueno Jr station.I arrived at the hotel at about 2.20 and the girl at the reception (who spoke really good English) was happy to check if my room was ready (check in time is 3pm) and gave me the key. I had to pay 1000 yen as a 'key deposit' before i was given the key to my room though.The room size was ok and so was the toilet. You had all the usual accessories in the room including the toothbrush, soap, shampoo, slippers and even a robe. The bed was ok as I cant recall being in any kind of discomfort. They had the air conditioning unit with a remote control that was not working. I did not bother calling the reception about it but i am sure they would have fixed it for me if i had. They had 3 pcs with free internet (inc Skype) in the lounge but it was busy most of the time as you'd imagine. Also you can borrow various accessories that aren't included in your room like iron or whatever else you need. I asked for an Ironing board and an iron and was allowed to take it to my room.When I had to cut my stay short the manager (French chap) was very kind and did not take a cancellation fee of me although it was way past the check-out time. Overall, I reckon its good value for money although i did stay in better budget hotels in Japan/Tokyo with only a slightly higher price range. If Ueno/Asakusa is the place where you would want to spend a day or two i would definitely recommend it.

Ideal city hotel if you don't need a outdoor pool There are a lot of positive reviews about this hotel, and I am happy to endorse what has already been written. This is a very good hotel with excellent sized rooms for any city centre, let alone Hong Kong. In particular I want to praise the staff, I only had to look at at staff member to get their attention and a positive response. Harbour view rooms are a must.The only people who may want to consider other options would be those who require an outside pool. The indoor pool was under refurbishment during my stay in August 2006. The hotel is 10 mins walk from the MTR (Metro) and the Star Ferry across to Hong Kong island. In my opion there is no reason for a tourist to prefer a Hong Kong rather than Kowloon 'side' hotel.The buffet restaurant serves a good breakfast and excellent evening meal. It copes very well with with a mix of locals, tour groups and individuals from a wide range of races and nationalities. Don't forget to book for the evening meal - it does get full. The lounge and Tapas bar provide good alternatives at reasonable to high prices. The Japanese and Chinese restaurants are too expensive and much too pretentious, there are better options within walking distance of the hotel.

better options elsewhere ? Stayed here on business and loved the city. Just a shame the hotel does not live up to the surroundings. A great location (near Circular Quay) and good public areas were let down by small rooms (with tiny twin beds) and indifferent service. Room facilities were also pretty basic for Four Seasons. The staff were friendly but there were too few of them, although the concierge was good. There must be better alternatives in this wonderful city.

Just average for the price Stayed in San Francisco for a couple of nights and chose St Francis for the location which is the main attraction. Apart from a very comfortable bed, the room was average. Bathroom well below 5 star standard and bring your own toiletries as the hotel offering was mediocre.Breakfast was good, very fresh cooked options, great coffee.Staff were average. Concierge not much help sorry we can't book Alcatraz for you......... no further offer of help.Next time I go, I will try somewhere else.

great hotel great staff This was our second visit in the past 12 months. This time we were there for our anniversary. On our arrival we were welcomed back by the staff and then once we had got ourselves settled we were given a complimentry bottle of wine. Due to my wife just coming out of hospital and not being able to walk far, the staff made sure that a cab was always on hand for us especially on the evenings we were going to the theatre. Nothing is too much trouble day or night. The rooms and corridors are always clean and the food is great. If you need a base for a few days or a week this is the place. Its close to the river,parliment and all the main tourist sites.

The HVP is a Diamond among hotels in Seattle Hotel

Another reason why I call HYATT home.

Great Room, Great View This was a great place to stay for the Voodoo Music Experience. The concert rate was very affordable, and the room was large, clean and had a great view of Cannal Street. Would definitely stay there again.

Hooray for Hollywood ... Renaissance!!! What a great hotel! From the early check-in, to the clean, stylish and QUIET room. Great city and Hollywood Hills views and the best location ever. The room rate included a full breakfast at their restaurant Twist and free admission to Universal Studios. Also the restaurants in the complex (Vert and Trastevere) were excellant.

Disappointing! The pluses, the Stanford Court has a great location, we had a wonderful city view from our room, and the mattress and linens were top notch. Unfortunately it went down from there. The rooms are tired looking, even though they have recently been re-painted and wallpapered, along with new rugs and drapes. The furnishings are old and tired, a cane and rattan headboard just doesn't cut it in a luxury hotel. Some basics like an in-room safe and mini-bar are nowhere to be found. Coke and Ice Machines are located on the 2nd floor, not very convenient. A circa 1980's TV took up half the bathroom counterspace. Bathroom and dressing areas are tired and worn. Breakfast at the restaurant is top dollar, in the $30 (with tax and tip) per person range. I guess the room rates are reasonable for San Francisco, but the hotel is need of renovation. Even the lobby and lobby bar are tired and seem like they haven't been renovated in years.

3 Star Hotel At 5 Star Prices Can't believe the rates at El Convento!!We stayed one night pre-cruise at nearly $500 per night. Definitely overpriced for the product being offered. 3PM check-in turned into 3:45PM due to the very pleasant staff being over worked due to understaffing. We were offered a rather unpleasant room, which we rejected and ultimately were offered a bay view room after another 30 minute wait at the front desk.All metal surfaces in our room and in the public areas are showing signs of rust. All plastered surfaces are either cracked or mottled. Any repairs that have been made, such as painting, plastering, etc. have been performed substandard.Rooms are small and dark. Bathrooms are smaller yet and in need of renovation.Tenament views on the first 3 floors just add to the disappointment.The Taxes and Hotel Tariff of over $90 per night are ridiculous.The hotel does have its' charm, very atmospheric including all of the restaurants. Of course all venues are high priced. $25 for breakfast, $35 for tapas lunch.Wine and cheese on the deck is nice touch.At $250 per night (tax and tariff included) it's a very acceptable experience.Think Doubletree not the Ritz Carlton.

Can't get excited! After reading the reviews on this website my expectations were high. The hotel didn't strike me as very architecturally interesting either inside or out. Surely not in the league of the Plaza in New York, or the Palace in San Francisco. Front desk didn't have a non-smoking room in our room category so we were downgrade to a regular room. The room was large but plain, with not much of a view.Hotel is not very user friendly, newspaper delivered on Saturday but not Sunday, no coffeemaker in the room, not much of a selection in the mini-bar. The most attractive public space, the Terrace Room is not available to guests, only private functions. The breakfast restaurant was empty, I guess the prices keep non expense account guests far away.As I said, can't get excited!

Great place to stay Stayed there with my wife for our Silver Wedding anniversary. We booked through a travel agent in the UK. It was superb. We stayed on the 39th floor and had an awesome view of the UN and East River. The staff were very friendly and although the decor was obviously old it was clean. We were originally booked into the Wellington off Broadway but changed due to bad reviews. We are glad we did. If ever we get the opprtunity we will stay there again.

Amazing!!! We stepped it up and booked a superior room. Well worth it! Dark hardwood floors, corner unit, huge comfortable bed. Our bathroom was huge for a hotel bathroom, with very modern touches. Spacious room with coffee, tea, and a tv. Nice balcony as well.The staff was terrific. They spoke english well and were very helpful...Ordering a taxi directly to the hotel lobby. YES CARS ARE ALLOWED!! The location is amazing! Close to La Ramblas, which is a very neat and safe spot. About a 15 mins walk to the beach.This was one of the best spots during our stay in Europe!

Stayed here for the Sydney Marathon and loved it! This hotel was really nice!!!From the check in where the receptionist was lovely - they didn't have our room ready so placed us on the 32nd floor - - -amazing room.You can even hear the TV with a seperate speaker in the toilet!!! (Small things I know)Great views, perfect service - made a really good coffee for us and they had amazing service aswell...Much better than when it was a Rydges!!!

Great, Modern Hotel Fantastic hotel room + service. Highly recommended for a weekend stay in Sydney

Best value in Berlin Stayed here whilst on a lads weekend. Could not have been better value, great facilities, good rooms, cool piano bar, good location, nice staff. Couldn't think up a complaint if I tried. Really liked the pool and sauna / steam room as they were clean and usually empty. Also, it's nice to be able to sit by the pool and order a beer from the bar there. Piano bar is seriously cool and they had a fairly talented guy playing and singing there one night, he was very entertaining and played requests. Staff are very courteous and helpful. I can't fault this hotel, I'd definitely return.

Satisfiying Stay I recently spent 3 nights at the Darling Harbour Holiday Inn and my experience was quite good. After a long 15 flight from San Francisco I was able to check in at 9:30 in the morning giving me time too freshen up and get in a full day of sight seeing. The rooms are on the smallish side, but this is the norm for a big city property. The rooms was very clean, quiet and as others have said the location is wonderful. There are plenty of places to eat nearby and attractions are also very accessible. I have no problem recommending this hotel.

OK Hotel I stayed at Langham Place from 27 - 29 March 2008. On arrival I was told that the room I had booked was not available and that I had been upgraded to an executive room but with twin beds instead of a kingsize bed which would be replaced the next day. However after arriving back to hotel after a day of touring the twin beds had not been exchanged for kingsize bed as previously promised. We rang reception and had to change rooms to one with king size bed.Also the kettle fused the electrics twice and we had to have a new kettle delivered to ensure no further power failiures.The price of the mini bar is over priced and the cost for making phonecalls is quite steep too. We rang Macau (only one hour away) and were charged 50 HKD for a very short call.Staff are friendly enough, but don't see why so many people seem to go overboard with there praise for this hotel. It's just an ok hotel and I presonally would rate it 4 star rather than 5.Also Mongkok MTR is not on the island line so usually requires transfers to get to the main places.Jason Wallace

Awesome for early AM flight Wow! what a suprise. We stayed at the this property for one night (July 3) with my wife and two children (4 and 18 months). Check in was faster than I have ever experienced and had a newly renovated room on the 7th floor overlooking the airport (the parking garage actually). Room was larger than I expected (two double beds) and had plenty of room for the porta crib. The bellmen were very helpful with bags and even set the crib up for us. My Son and I went swimming and a had a great time. The beds were super comfortable and we slept well (very quiet). The hotel was not busy (very slow) but I don't think that would change if it was busy.Check out was very efficient. The shuttle comes every 15 minutes, and is less than five minutes from the airport.We will definatly stay here again if we have an early AM flight.Great job on this property Marriott. I'm a big fan.

Not a 3* property (anymore that is) Stayed at this property for one night (2/21) with my wife, prior to an early AM departure.Parked my car off site, as I didn't want to pay $12.00 a night for parking. Shuttle picked us up at the airport within five minutes. Quick trip to hotel (Driver was friendly and helpful).Check in was very convenient and quick. Front desk folks were very nice. Lobby looked nice with good looking lounge/bar downstairs. This is about the end of anything good at this property.We were assigned a room on the 8th floor (a smaller king room, according to the nice guy at the front desk). He was right. very small King room, with a bathroom that looked like the size of a broom closet. No way two people could fit in that bathroom at one time.The room had a work station, king bed, small chair in the corner and an older 27 inch tube tv. The bed was uncomfortable and the pillows were not very nice...really could not find a combination that worked for us. The outside room noise related to airport traffic and plane take off and landing is pretty significant. I think only slept well between 2-4 am, when I was not hearing plane noise.The room was old and needed updating. Old linens, furnature, etc...what I would expect at a 2* property.The check out was easy, and shuttle ride to the aiport was quick and less than 5 minutes.If you want a hotel that is great for location, nice people and prompt shuttle service this would be the place...but if you are looking for a good night sleep, nice rooms....look someplace else.This place had be a good 3* at one point. But now, I could only give it 2.5 due to the amenities it offers.We had a great rate through priceline, so maybe that's why we got shafted in a small gross room, but I can't imagine any other room on the 8th floor being much better.Good luck!

Another Great Stay-Trip # 3 for us at the VP My wife and I stayed at the VP for one night. This was our third time staying at the property. The first time was on a Priceline Bid, and fell in love with it. We booked a package deal that included a bottle of wine upon check in and free parking. (parking is expensive at all Seattle DT hotels, usually $25-30 per night).We booked a King Premier room. It is a bit more expensive, but worth it to have some extra room. If you book this room, ask for a room that ends with 02 (7002, 8002, etc,)..These rooms are bit lager than the others. We stayed in room 1010 this time, and found out the hard way the 02 rooms are a bit roomier.As usual the staff was friendy and cooperative. Check in and out was extremely swift, and our car was retrieved in less than five minutes.The evening wine tasting from 5-6 is always a bonus. Good wine, nice atmosphere and very relaxing. Only complaint was some late arriving folks at around 3 am next door that were very loud in the hallway. Other than that, our stay was exactly what we were looking for.if you are looking for some personal attention, less crowds and fantastic accomodations stay the VP. This property does not have a pool, and is not ideal for kids..but for adults staying on business or leisure get-a-ways it's fantastic. It is close to all downtown shopping and sites. Again, I highly endorse the VP and will stay here again in the future!

Good Option Downtown, Nice new tower! Stayed at the Seattle Sheraton for one night in December before the Holidays. Have stayed here in the past, and enjoyed returning to the remodeled lobby and new tower. Stayed in the new tower in a corner King (very nice room). Booked the Macy's gift card special, 212, for room and a 100 gift card to Macy's. Not a bad deal for the room at 112.Check in was very fast. The new tower is a bit of walk to the elevators, so if that is an issue, I would ask for the old tower. As others have said the pool and gym are not in the new tower, so getting to the pool/gym, you must walk through the main lobby and go up to the 35th floor of the old tower.Room was fantastic, with a good view of Puget Sound (in between other buildings of course). This property is very close to all major shopping, dining, etct in DT Seattle. The Market is three blocks down the street (tough neighborhood, so be aware on your walk).Parking is brutal, but it is brutal everyplace downtown. Valet is the only option and is 27 a night. We used the Valet due to convenience. They were fast and efficient, unlike other posts have mentioned. I did call in advance to the Valet and ask if my car could be brought up. Both times it was waiting when I arrived 10 minutes later. If you don't need your car, park down by the Seattle Center (much cheaper) and take the monorail to Westlake Center. Hotel is only a few blocks from the Westlake Center. You can also park on the weekends in parking structures around the area for much cheaper, but during the business week it is a wash (five bucks less, and much more of a hassle). Again the new wing is very modern and nice. Typical 4* starwood property. Nothing wrong with the old wing, just a little more worn out and needs some TLC. Did not use room service this time, but in the past it was pretty good. No complaints.I would recommend this property.I have also noted that it is frequently bid on through priceline for 99 a night. That would be well worth it for either wing.Have fun in Seattle. We are local and love going downtown for a night here and then. Would gladly stay at the Sheraton again.

Decent place to stay, great value My wife and I stayed there about a year ago when the Ramada on Bourbon was full. The price for this hotel was right, and I left fairly pleased.The rooms were a little small and a bit outdated, but they were clean and functional. The staff was helpful enough, if unexceptional, and there were no major issues during our stay.Location - for many people going to New Orleans, location can make or break the trip. Even though the French Quarter is not geographically large, there is quite a difference in the areas you can visit. I would recommend this hotel for families who want to visit New Orleans and get a clean room for a great price in a fairly quiet location. The area is perfectly safe, and it is fairly removed from the Bourbon St scene. However, if you are looking for a quick walk back to your hotel after a night on Bourbon, you may want to look somewhere else. It is a bit of a hike, but not too far as long as you aren't falling over inebriated.All in all, it was a suitable replacement for my normal New Orleans hotel. Price was great, hotel was clean, and I was happy. Families should definitely check this place out.

Decent choice for first time visitor to Amsterdam My wife and I stayed at the Victoria for 6 nights, and had a pretty good experience in all areas. I would definitely recommend this to anyone who is visiting Amsterdam for the first time.I booked this hotel as part of a travel package on Priceline, which gave an amazing rate for this hotel. I read some of the earlier reviews and was hopeful our experience would be better than some of the reviews I read. It was!We arrived at Schipol at about 1030 AM after an all night flight from Houston. Jumped on the train to Centraal Station, and 20 minutes later we were in the center of town. Walk just across the road (You can't miss the hotel) and we were attempting to check in at about 1115. The room was not ready yet but an extremely helpful bellman offered to take our luggage for us, which allowed us to go explore for a couple hours. The room was nice, clean, and fairly large by European standards. While it is certainly not a 4 star hotel, everything was in good working order and the mini-bar, safe, and bathroom were all working well and in good shape. There have been some renovations over the past two years, and I understand that some of the rooms need a little work, but everything I saw was clean, neat, and tidy. Breakfast I would not do unless it is included in your rate. They want 20 Euros pp and that is a little pricey for breakfast when you can get better and more food for a lot less. The bar and restaurant are nice enough, but a tad pricey considering what you can get 5 minutes away. Go to Barney's on Haarlemmerstraat and have fun for half the price!Throughout our 6 nights, we did not experience one problem. The room was cleaned every day, the front desk was always very busy but extremely friendly, and the concierge was the best part of the stay. Granted, they are going to want a few Euros thrown at them, but they are the best I have seen anywhere in the world. For a 5 Euro note each day, they will make reservations and tour bookings for you, give you inside info on where to shop, eat, drink, etc. Again, it may cost you 30-50 Euros throughout your trip, but they can make your vacation a little more pleasant and a little less difficult.Now, would I stay there again and would I recommend others to stay there? Depends on what you are looking for and what you want to do in Amsterdam. For a first timer, I would say yes. The reason being is that for many first timers, it can be a difficult city to navigate due to the concentric nature of the layout. This hotel eliminates your need for a taxi from the airport (50 Euro each way!), it eliminates a need for a Taxi once you get to Central Station (just walk across the street), and it is right at the main Tram lines which are easy to use and will take you literally anywhere in the city you can think of. No walking long distances back to your hotel late at night, everything right there for you. No carrying your luggage throughout the city upon arrival and check out (you would be amazed how many people have to do that). It's just easy, simply put. You are about 3-5 minutes walk from the Red-Light District to your east, and about 2 minutes walk to Voorburgwal on yoru right, which is a big time touristy street with shops and clubs. The hotel is certainly not in an unsafe area, but keep in mind that being sandwiched in between 2 big tourist areas means that it is in an area of a lot of tacky souvenier stores and people wanting to sell you things.In terms of being close to other places, everything is easy on the tram, which is right outside Centraal Station. Walk to Anne Frank Huis about 10 minutes, Leidesplein is about 25 minutes or 10 minute tram ride. Dam Square 5-10 minute walk, and Rijksmuseum/Van Gogh/Heineken Museums all about 30 minute walk or 10 minute tram ride.The next time my wife and I visit, I would probably look for something in Jordaan or down near De Pijp, which are both close to the center but a little quieter and a few less tourists. But if I couldn't get something in those areas for a good price and had to stay there again, I certainly would. Think of it like going to NYC and staying in Times Square. Kind of tacky, but safe, clean, and close to a LOT.That being said, nothing wrong with this particular place. Great location, nice people, convenient, and clean.

Amazing VIEW of Duomo We had a great time in Florence and Hotel Bigallo was a perfect home base. Great room, felt like you could touch the Duomo from the window, very clean and an ideal location to explore Florence.We would most definitely stay here again.

Avoid this hotel... Like some of the reviewers, we booked this hotel for one night before leaving the San Juan area. I wish we would have spent the extra $50 to stay in a decent place.It took 45 minutes to check in and we were the only ones in the lobby. The clerk kept answering the phone and talking to people as the walked up. I had reserved two rooms on the hotel's website, but she would not honor the price and charged us more for the rooms.Once we walked the gauntlet, a maze of poorly light outdoor hallways, we found our windowless room. The linens were dirty and the thin metal door let in all of the noise from outside. There were a lot of punks hanging out and getting high throughout the hotel.While I could stay here alone, I would NEVER take a family here.

Great Hotel Near the Airport As many reviewers have written, this is a nice hotel near the airport. The pool is great for kids and the beach is a short walk from the hotel. The small casino was not crowded during the week and the breakfast buffet was above average.Like most Embassy Suites, the rooms were clean and the staff was attentive.Overall, a great place to stay for a day or two before leaving Puerto Rico.On a side note, I've read some reviews about the expensive taxis to Old San Juan and recommending renting a car. This is a fine idea if you are going to tour part of the island, but if you are planning on only going to Old San Juan you can take the bus for $0.75 each way. It takes 45 minutes, but it is a straight shot.

a great, great hotel As a self proclaimed, highly critical hotel lover, this place was great. I chose the peak view king with an oriental motif on a high floor, and it was spacious, beautifully furnished with spectacular architectural details and abolutely amazing lighting, especially in the bathroom.The service was great--Asian hospitality at its best. We've stayed at many of the great hotels in the world, including 25 different 4 Seaons and this hotel along with the George V stands above them all. A great, great hotel

Great overnight stay Stayed overnight as first leg of our US trip. Free shuttle bus from the airport.Good size room, nice clean with a great bed. Check in staff were friendly helpful, as was the concierge.We ordered the continental style breakfast, room service. This was the typical selection of pastries, cereal, fruit bowl, juice coffee. This was absolutely outstanding - beautiful fresh OJ, truly fresh pastries fruit bowl that actually had plenty of lovely ripe berries - not just some old melon. All up a terrific stay.

Way overrated I completely agree with the previous post - I was there over the New Year holiday and I cannot recommend this hotel until their rate drops to $495 a night.It's highway robbery here - and I have stayed in the most prestigious hotels in the world:* Ritz Carlton's in Berlin, Tokyo, Beijing, New York to name a few* Plaza New York* Raffles Singapore* Dorchester Lanesborough - London* Peninsular - Hong KongThis hotel does not even come close. They charge and charge and charge you for every morsel. Try asking for extra juice at breakfast - its 22 euros!!!!! about $30 for an extra 6 oz of juice????That is just the brginning - there is so much more to say about the high pricing - sterile attitude and pretensious management attitudes which do not make for a fine hotel. The room and the beds are beautiful but this hotel does NOT have a Parisien feel at all. It amazes me that it gets these reviews ( they must all be over 70 years old and don't travel much).If you want to be hunkered down in a bubble - where no one bothers you and you don't care about the true Parisien lifestyle - sure - stay here. Make sure you re-finance your home, sell your car and bring lots of cash for the many employees who are grateful for their $20 tips all day. After all - its not the staff's fault - but the management that is lacking here. No department talks to the other. The only answer you get is: I will call them and let them know If you are paying these rates - you should make sure management does their job- make sure you check your bill, make sure they do turn down ( they missed it one day) and make sure you stay in your room all day to enjoy the $60 an hour rates.I just don't get it - what makes this hotel any better than my $395 Ritz Carlton stay in Berlin??? Nothing.Spend your money. They will gladly take it ( all ) from you - with a yes we understand attitude. No other efforts are made to compensate you for all the mismanagement - and poor valueat this overrated property. I realy could care less about celebrities - I have a far better life than they do.What I require is service and value - I will gladly spend the $1500 an night - but don't give me $300 worth of service.For all the missed requests, mis mangement, overcharhing and other problems they should have comp'd me a night or more - not here - no such offer from a truly fine hotel.Have fun spending your hard earned money - I'll bet you wont be back.

Nice hotel outside the bustling city center My wife and I stayed at the Hotel Giglio on our most recent trip to Florence. We wanted a place a little outside the center of town where it would be quieter and grant us easier access to other parts of the city that we would be seeing on this trip. My wife needed wireless internet access in order to stay somewhat connected to work, and the hotel offers this at no extra charge. This might seem minor, but for us it was a decisive factor in our choosing to stay at the Hotel Giglio over other hotels in the same area.The hotel is a very nice, little place. The rooms are small, but very clean and comfortable. Our room had a very effective (but quiet) AC unit, and since we like to sleep in a cold room, this was great for us. The bed gave us a very nice night's sleep.The staff is wonderful. Roberto and his brother who own the hotel are there at all times making sure everything is being taken care of properly. The rest of the staff is equally pleasant and helpful.The breakfast is not just a muffin and some jam. You can have fruit, yogurt, pastry, cereal, etc, etc. A nice cappuccino or tea as well if you so desire.We definitely enjoyed our stay at the Hotel Giglio and recommend it if you're looking for a place to stay.

Great Hotel The hotel was under renovation when I visited, so I had to use a side door, but when my cab arrived there were doormen on the sidewalk to direct me to the right place. It's apparent Sheraton has taken steps to minimize inconvenience during the construction. The construction wasn't a problem when I got to my room though. It was on a high floor as I requested and was located well away from the construction. I only wish the Club Lounge was open all day like those at Ritz-Carlton. I tend to sleep late and always miss out on the continental breakfast!The 35th floor pool and jacuzzi had excellent views. The jacuzzi didn't work, but it was nice to sit in anyway. I think they overcholorinate the pool though. It was nice to have changing rooms at the hotel pool; I don't like to wander through a grand hotel in my swimsuit on my way to/from the pool!Pike's Place Cafe used to have such wonderful regional cuisine; they've since replaced the menu there and for room service with the new Sheraton standard. I like to experience regional cuisine when I travel, but I must admit, the carrot cake on Sheraton's menu is to die for!Guest service at this property is intuitive. When I asked the front desk for the location of the nearest cellular telephone store so I could buy a new charger for my cell phone, the clerk produced a box of them from housekeeping. Apparently a lot of guests leave cell phone chargers in their rooms and he allowed me to pick out the one that matched from the box!

Very Enjoyable! Upon first impression the Westin New York at Times Square is lovely; it's nice to have an entrance lobby at street level, and a quiet, removed lobby on another level. Definitely appreciated. The hotel decor is modern and tasteful. There are many check-in desks with a well marked area for Starwood Preferred Guest Gold and Platinum members. There was not a wait at check-in for any agent. I'm always pleased when a hotel has my room ready before the stated check-in time. The rooms are excellent! I admit the television was a flat screen which was particularly subject to light from the window, but that was easily fixed. The rooms are very well decorated and have that squeaky clean feel I expect from large chain hotels, but manage also to be comfortable and homey at the same time. The only problem with my stay was inattentive service at breakfast. The service staff didn't offer any beverage refills, and the staff was rather mechanical. Take order, bring order, bring check. I understand breakfast service isn't incredibly complex, but a little intuition on the part of guest needs would be appreciated. I mentioned my displeasure with the service to a front desk agent, who apologized, but made no other gesture. At Sheraton, any complaint is usually handled with some form of compensation. I was not *completely* satisfied due to the situation of service in the restaurant, but I'm sure it was a fluke. Westin at least has their concepts down right, and the facilities are wonderful.

Hyatt Century Plaza top-notch Century Plaza was wonderful. I arrived late and asked to have a colleague able to check into my room for me. WhenI spoke to the front desk to follow up, as soon as I gave my name, without looking at my record, the front desk agent said Oh, your colleague has just checked in. That is some good service. Throughout my short stay, the front desk offered amazing service. However, the hotel restaurant falls short of expectation. The food alternated between high quality and mediocre, but the service was slow and the staff seemed confused.

Seattle's Best! Arrived very late in the evening for a one night stay. Staff were very solicitous, and on par with the hotel's service standards, each request was met with of course. All staff were pleasant, rooms were comfortably furnished with the latest innovations in guest room design, baths were wonderful. Even for a one night stay, this property was the best I've experienced in Seattle. Special kudos to the Pan Pacific for staff training; this is the best formal service I've received in a long time!

Bahaus Chic in Tulipville

What a gem! The view from the room

Loved the beach didnt care for the resort, beware of thieves..

Nice hotel in a great location We stayed at the Colon in Barcelona at the end of our Mediterranean cruise. Our first impression upon checking in was not great. They were very busy and we waited for about ten minutes before we were acknowledged. We got a great price on the room for two nights, $240 EU inclusive of VAT. The room was OK, carpet a little worn, but everything else was great. New flat screen TV, beds that were not hard as a rock (atypical for Europe in our experience) and the service was outstanding. We had a couple of problems with the room and someone was at our door to correct things within 5 minutes of calling the front desk.The location is fantastic - it is directly across the street from the Barcelona Cathedral and within walking distance of Las Rambles and other sights. The food in the hotel's restaurant is excellent -a fixed price 3 course meal including wine and bottled water was 22 EU and the Catalonian cuisine was excellent. The front desk people were very helpful and referred us to a private 1/2 day tour that was perfect.All together it was a very good experience and we'd stay there again

Very Good Hotel This is a solid three star hotel. I stayed there from February 17 to the 21st.Received a good deal through Priceline. The hotel is nicely located, impeccably clean , with large rooms (for San Francisco).Check in and out were quick and painless. The concierge was helpful.There is a Walgreen's two blocks way for everything you'll probably need, including snacks.I stepped into the lobbies of other hotels in this area, and the Hilton seemd to compare favorably.

Good Experience At the Serrano from Oct. 17-21. Got a very good price on Priceline. Hotel clerk very friendly. Asked for and received a single smoking room up high, on the 14th floor. It was a corner room with a good view of the skyline. When I asked at check-in where I could watch the telecast of my beloved Steelers, the clerk said someone would call my room. Five minutes later Chad called, told me, and when I saw him in the lobby, he directed me to the sports bar a block and 1/2 away. Thereafter, I was referred to by name. The room was well appointed with a good view, plenty of room for a single person,immaculate bathroom with LARGE towels,and impressive soaps and lotions, bathrobes for use, two papers every morning...The S.F. Chronicle and USA Today..., tea and coffee in the lobby every morning, and free wine between 5 and 6pm. Just a short walk to Union Square, and to Powell Street where the cable car turns around and one can catch BART to the airport. Highly recommended.

Super stay in Sofitel, nearly perfect. Very Comfortable bed, spacious room

impeccable Lovely hotel in the heart of Barcelona. We stayed at Hotel 1898 in June 2008 for 2 nights. We really enjoyed our stay at the hotel but the rooms are a little small, especially at a night. We had a terrace so that helped, otherwise we would have felt too squashed in. We stayed in room 526, which was on the 5th floor, facing the back of the building. The rooms were extremely clean and always had fresh towels and bed linen. The bathroom was lovely and with me being 6'2 the bath was ample. As for the rest of the hotel, the spa in the basement was nice, but the water in the pool was extremely cold. Almost to the point of shivering, the steam room was not working either! We found that it would have been nicer if someone from the hotel had shown us around first as it was a little off putting just walking round free roam. The roof top bar/pool was ok. The bar is extremely expensive, for a gin and tonic. The pool on the roof is very small, the photos on the hotel website make the pool out to be bigger than it actually is, also there is no where to change on the roof so if you are wanting a quick dip in the pool, forget about it. You would have to walk back through the hotel dripping wet. Also we couldn't find any dry towels on the roof on 2 occasions. We didn't have breakfast in the hotel as for it seemed expensive. Plus the hotel has a door into the Starbucks next door so we just went there {be warned though that in Barcelona none of the Starbucks Menus had a translation so unless you are fluent in spanish/catalan you might just have to guess}.We had drinks in the reception area of the hotel, but again very expensive and the quality was nothing special. They had very little choice if you didn't drink alcohol, which is the norm in Barcelona from what we found. We found that the hotel staff didn't really speak to us much, even though they had door staff and reception staff. This was a little off putting. We were able to check in at 12 o'clock which was nice. The music system in the room didn't work at all and the TV was almost unwatchable, very fuzzy! for a night you would expect these things to work. The pillows and bed were lovely though. Very gay friendly in the hotel, we had no issues with that. If anyone has any questions feel free to contact me x

Cool place, top location We stayed 3 nights and would recommend the hotel to anyone wanting to be in a great location for a few nights. As stated in other reviews the hotel is stylish and modern chic. Staff were great, nothing too much trouble.Breakfast is OK, but a bit prices, there are plenty of coffee places adjacent offering good food at the price.The ONLY drawback was the very short clothes rail, only 5 or 6 inches, not enough for too many items, a real design oversight. They supplied a iron and ironing board so I could press a shirt each day (as I hang them) but this may be a pain if you have a few suits or lots of dresses, shirts, i.e staying for more than just a few nights. If the above is no issue, then this place is 5/5 all the way. And the location is simply fantastic, bars, restaurants, easy walking to lots of the centre and adjacent to the metro.Berlin was wonderful, well worth a visit and the people everywhere were great. We booked via lastminute.com and got a free upgrade to slightly larger than standard.Once you have booked, phone and reserve your room. Unfortunately the Germans are still big smokers so none smoking rooms are not the norm, phone and reserve.

Our first vacation to Punta Cana Lobby

Good location and service Was a pleasant stay - rather good service, breakfast filling and the rooms quite large. Stayed around christmas time and enjoyed it very much. Bargain prices

On-site at FRA but feels like a million miles away Super convenient access from the terminals makes this a #1 choice in my book. After picking up your baggage, you can literally walk up/down/left/right, depending on your origination point and within 5 minutes you're at check-in. Signage is at a minimum, look outside for the big Sheraton sign on the left, or head up to Departures area C and you'll see the hotel crosswalk. Service was surprisingly slow. I booked a Club Level room which was spacious and clean, however, I didn't see the snack area other reviewers have mentioned. Room service was efficient and tasty. If you need an iron, you must request one! The gym spa are new and lightly used... not to mention an awesome way to blow off steam.If you're willing to experiment, try the Oxygen Bar, where they serve pure O2 to refresh weary travelers.

Nice but not worth the price As many other reviewers have commented, my wife and I felt the MO was nice - but not worth the price. We stayed in a Premier Park View Room, on the 46th floor for 3 nights over New Year's Eve. Upon walking in the room, the first thing you notice is the gigantic, black Trump Tower that filled 30-40% of the park view! The bellman dropped that when the MO opened, Trump hung a banner on his hotel goading guests with a better view -- not surprising.The room was spacious and well equipped. The bed was super comfortable, in the same class as the Heavenly bed at the Westin and W hotels. The electronics (TV, stereo, etc.) were mediocre and had to be rebooted several times during our stay when the TV wouldn't turn on, change channels, etc. A modern Tivo and other components would do a much better job. The bathroom was large and very nice, but only had one sink. Although we were offered tea at check-in, we ordered coffee when we got into the room. The bill was $26 for a small pot!We spent a half-day in the MO Spa, which was fantastic. The VIP room has a private shower, soaking tub, bathroom, day bed and massage tables. The spa service was second to none, and like the hotel, expensive.On NYE, we enjoyed dinner at Asiate, the hotel's restaurant. The initial service was a little slow but picked up through the meal. The food itself was good, not spectacular. The hotel's lounge offers great views of the park and Columbus Circle (they also suffer from being blocked by Trump Tower).Overall, the MO New York doesn't compare well to other 5-star hotels I've been fortunate enough to stay at. They need to sort out the in room electronics and come back down to reality on food and room pricing (to be fair, compared to other NYC hotels we ate at, they are close). The hotel staff from the bellman, to the front desk, to the concierge were courteous throughout our entire stay.

Incredible Value Just returned from a 5 night stay at the Magnolia and I was thoroughly impressed. I was a little hesitant after reading some of the previous reviews, but I have to say the Magnolia exceeded all my expectations. Check-in and Check-out were a breeze (only a few short minutes each time). The room, two double beds on the 22nd floor, was well kept with lots of character. The bed and duvet covers were quite comfortable and caused me to sleep in past breakfast several times. The layout was a little different than a typical room however it was still very practical. The only thing I would have liked to see different in my room was a newer TV. The TV's are a little older with only average picture quality and channel options.The free hot breakfast was better than most 'free' breakfasts. It was a little different every day but consisted mainly of eggs, bacon, sausage, waffles, hashbrowns, toast, bagels, yogurts, milk, juice and starbucks coffee. There was more than enough to choose from and more than enough to go around.The second level lounge has great atmosphere and a great 'free' cocktail hour. It is well decorated and offers numerous couches/lounges, free pool table, free nintendo wii, and great company. The bar staff were quite friendly and one in particular 'Bishop' pours a great drink.The milk and cookie time is another great perk of the Magnolia. The assortment of fresh baked cookies were complimented with white milk, chocolate milk, or coffee.The valet service, which has been heavily criticized definitely seemed like a bit of a cluster. We rented a vehicle for our stay in Dallas but chose to self park instead of using the valet service. Valet is about $22 a day however for less than half the price (about $8/day) you can park your own car in the same parkade the valet uses. The parkade is about 1 block away but an easy safe walk from the hotel. It was quite comical to see the valet drivers sprinting back and forth from the parkade numerous times a day.Another critique of the hotel, the elevators, never seemed to be a problem for us. Although we stayed on the 22nd floor we never had to wait more than 2 minutes for a ride. A small price to pay for staying at such a beautiful hotel.The only pitfall of this hotel that I found was the food. There is no 'official' restaurant on site however a limited amount of food items can be purchased through room service or on the level 2 lounge. We did however become quite fond of the Iron Cactus Restaurant which is located right next to the hotel. Great food for great value.Although Downtown Nightlife seemed a little quiet, everything is a short cab ride away and there were always plenty of cab drivers willing to give you a ride.

Good value stay We stayed at the Diamant in late August 2008 in a Deluxe Room. Our experience was in line with other positive reviews on TripAdvisor, with a couple of similar gripes. The staff was all-smiles and most helpful. When we arrived early in the morning to a full house, the girl at the front desk offered to call my mobile when a room was cleaned, which she promised to expedite. It took a bit longer than expected, so she set us up with complimentary wireless access in the lobby.I wouldn't describe the hotel as luxurious by any stretch of the imagination, but it was clean and well above average. The location outside the CBD was great, with close proximity to the Kings Cross City Rail station, as well as a Coles supermarket and numerous eateries. My gripes were in regards to the bathroom, the charging of incidentals to my credit card, and wireless signal in the room, none of which were a huge deal or reason to avoid the hotel. The bathroom was more form than function, with a shower that had only a tiny barrier between shower floor and bathroom floor. Make sure you position the floor mat well to avoid water around the toilet! There was no towel rack, which essentially prevented the environmentally-friendly practice of re-using towels. Upon check-out, when charging for internet services, the hotel used Travelex services for currency exchange and processing. Travelex does their own conversion estimate on the spot, and the slip you sign at the hotel declares you are foregoing conversion by your credit card, in favor of the rate given by Travelex. At the time of our visit, the USD was trading between $0.83 and $0.86 to the AUD. The conversion rate from Travelex was $0.90. If we weren't rushed to catch a shuttle to the airport, I would've insisted that charges be converted by MasterCard directly.As for the wireless signal in the room, it was sporadic. It was generally very slow, with times of no connection at all. If you find this to be the case, there was also an ethernet connection on the desk, which was quite reliable.One very positive bit of kudos was related to the mini-bar. Upon request, the hotel staff emptied it, quickly and free of charge. Most hotels charge for this service.

Solo Amongst the Couples in Nusa Dua Paradise A really nice place very well laid out and all the amenities you could want. Clean rooms, a bit musty but very nice. Food was decent if a bit salty. Staff amazingly pleasant as were the locals. None of that you hijacked our paradise vibe one gets in Hawaii for example. Makeup of guests seems to be about 3/4's Russians, a lot of Australians/NZ and Brits and a few Americans. I was travelling alone to Bali after finishing some work in Jakarta and this place makes one painfully aware of ones solo status as everyone else seems to be paired up. So I would call this an ideal place for a couple or honeymoon or to jump start the passion. Also took a great tour from Tours East to see the Monkey Forest etc and it involved a minimal amount of running the vendor gauntlet as I call it and our guide was very informative and pleasant (even after it was clear i wasnt here to buy anything).

Good Place for the Price We stayed here for one night which concluded our 2 week vacation to the bay area. We took BART from the city to the airport and then caught the free shuttle to the hotel. Kind of a round-about way but it saved a lot of money. The shuttle was a little slow after a couple of calls but it is understandable because the airport was almost deserted when we were there. The hotel was well priced for what we got it at, $75 on Hotwire. I mentioned that to friends in the elevator and another hotel guest seemed astonished that we got such a low price. (He probably paid about $110+). The room was fine and the hotels service was good. The fitness center and pool downstairs was a little dated but not too bad. We arrived late and have a car so we go anywhere for dinner except Windows on the Bay, the hotel restaurant. The regular menu is quite expensive and kind of insulting for a place like that. I would spend $20+ for an entree in the city at a nice restaurant but not here! Fortunately they had a cheaper bar menu with still disappointing food. The service was good but it was about 11:30pm at night so I would expect good service! It was my birthday so I had a Brule but it was not very good. Our bill for food was almost as much as the room rate. There is a walking path in from of the hotel that we regretted not using the next morning. It looks out on the San Francisco Bay and has a nice view.Bottom line: stay here if you have a good rate and eat at the restaurant unless you HAVE TO.

OK hotel, theres probably better. We stayed here on the Forth of July after making a reservation with our Hyatt Points months in advance. I heard that the rate was up to $200+ for the night we stayed. We arrived way before the check in time but they had a room for us. When we first checked in for our non-smoking room, we were unpleased to find that the room they had given us was smelling of stale smoke. I went down and they changed our room to one without the smell of smoke. I didn't like the fact that getting to the elevator from our room seemed like a 5-minute walk through confusing corridors. The rooms are not all that big and ours had a view of the roof. We did check out and use the outdoor pool and whirlpool which was nice before we went to go see the fireworks. The fitness room was average but had a sauna which was a plus. The location is mostly up to your preference. We didn't find Fisherman's Warf to be all that great because it was mostly full of tourist traps and was a little creepy at night. The location is about 2-3 blocks in from the Warf. We stayed here on our last night in the city, but the other 2 nights were spent at the Hyatt Regency down at the Embarcado. We found this a less tacky, less crowded place to spend our time. If you do stay Fishermans Warf, check out the Argonaut Hotel or even the Best Western (dont knock it just because it's a BW, because it looked quite nice). If youve got any questions, dont hesitate to email me.

good hotel but nothing unique A nice hotel in a great city. Nice location. I read a review from someone else here describing the lobby as a lot of dusty, fake greenery. I do agree, the lobby is big, but not bright and cheery. It's you typical large city convention hotel, not too much character. I have come to the conclusion that longtime business travelers have know for a long time: it matter what the brand of hotel is, they are all the same in a city. Please please please don't pay more just because this is a Hyatt because it could easily be any other hotel. The name means nothing in a city. When visiting San Francisco, have a car unless you need it. This hotel is located with public transit right outside your door. The California line for trolley cars is just feet from the door, BART and the MUNI metro are across the street. The F-Line streetcars run right by the hotel and go to Warf and Union Square. The ferry building is located in the back of the hotel and will take you to Sausalito. We even got to Muir Woods without a car by using the very comfortable and efficient Golden Gate Transit Buses. The embarcadero and ferry building is fun to hang out at on an afternoon for a long lunch and lazy day of shopping. There was an art festival with vendors and such on the weekend when we were there. The hotel rooms are about the normal size for a city hotel. The bathroom is quite small and not all that luxiourus. The Mini-bar is computerized so think your storing anything of yours in there. It's overpriced as usual ($3.50 for a can of soda) but once in a while its fun to empty it out when your business is paying. Otherwise, there is a 7-11 and Starbucks located across the street for more reasonable snacking. The fitness center is small and there is no pool. We did not see the revolving restaurant. I will warn you that we ate at the breakfast buffet in the morning for free but if your paying it's an outrageous $20 per person! Its good food but not worth that much!If you have ever been to NYC you will appreciate this comparison. If you love time square and all of its tackiness, stay at Warf. If you enjoy the more laid back areas that are not as touristy then stay out of the Warf area. If you have any questions about the transit in the area of the hotel hesitate to email me.

Good Location, Good Value Booked the hotel on Priceline, for $100/night. Exellent price for a decent hotel in this area. Good location, plenty of parking (rather expensive, but hey, it's San Francisco). Clean, comfortable room. Extremely dirty windows, which is a pitty, as the view would be quite interesting. Diverse crowd of people in the hotel, quite a few European tourists. Staff is very professional and helpful. Hotel is very close to Union Street which is just loaded with cute restaurants, wine bars, bistros and boutiques. All in all, good value for the money.

Great Hotel! First time in Paris, only there for 2 nights and 3 days. I was looking for a nice place to stay that was convenient. I decided to use Hilton HHonors Points and book a reward stay and I was not dissapointed at all with this hotel. First, as far as getting to the hotel from CDG airport, the best thing to do is to take the Air France bus for 20euros round trip and take it to the Arc de Triomphe stop. From there it's about a 15 minute walk at most to the hotel. Very safe. As far as proximity to other things, it's about a 10 minute walk to the Champs Elysees, which wasn't bad at all. Grand and welcoming lobby. The hotel is very nicely decorated in a art deco style. The statt at the hotel was very friendly and eager to help (also spoke good English!). I checked it at 8am in the morning and was able to get my hotel room immediately.The room was very comfortable, nice size for Europe standards.Shower and tub in the bathroom in all nicely done in marble. Large towels. The bed and furniture were in good condition. Satelite t.v. with several stations in English. All and all, a very pleasant room.I'm not sure if it was because I was a Diamond Hilton HHonors member, but on the first night I received a nice note from the General Manager and a box of chocolates. On the second night I received a very nice bottle of wine again with a note from the manager thanking me for my stay and wishing me a happy new year. Wow, was I surprised.I was able to get the buffet breakfast included and was very surprised with how good the food was. A lot of choices, made to order eggs. Again, very nice spread for Europe standards.Again, can't say enough great things about this hotel. I would gladly stay hear again when I return to Paris!

Fantastic Hotel! We had a great experience staying at this hotel. My partner and I were on a 2 week Italy vacation staying in four different cities.From the moment we checked in, I knew this was going to be a great experience. The staff was superb! I asked for assistance in changing a train ticket and they took care of it for me without any hesitation. They even remembered my name each morning when I came down for breakfast. (That was impressive!!) We had a very nice sized room with GREAT AC! A yummy buffet was also included in our room rate. This hotel is about a 5-7 minute walk from Plazzo Vecchio and the Uffizi Gallery. I would highly recommend you take the CitySightseeing Firenze Bus (About 18euros per person) and take both line A B tours. You can hop on or off the bus at any stop and it's a great way to see the city and get yourself oriented. Make some time to stop in Fiesole too, it's a beautiful town about 20 minutes outside of Florence!

Good value, good location There are virtually no reasonably priced hotels in downtown Seattle, this was the only one we could find. It is an older hotel in a so, so area but within one block of the free downtown busses (until 7pm) and our room was large, clean, and perfectly adequate. No WIFI but we picked up an unsecured line from nearby. Breakfast (extra) in the restaurant was quite good. Parking is extra but right there.We would not hesitate to stay there again.Our stay in this hotel was part of a 53 day US tour that took us over 10,000 miles, 36 different hotels, and a different restaurant every evening. We were on a budget so did not stay in luxury hotels or generally eat in expensive restaurants. This review is relative to what we found on average. We booked all hotels in advance over the internet, when available, and checked them all against reviews on TripAdvisor.com which we found very helpful.

Fantastic Time We enjoyed our vacation at the Melia Caribe Tropical Resort immensely. The facility is very clean, even the beach washrooms were spotless and always decorated with fresh flowers. The choice and variety of food was very good with the sole exception of Le Gourmet restaurant where the food quality was well below expectations. After talking to other guests at the resort we discovered that all who had dined there agreed. The staff is friendly and very accomodating. It does sometimes take some patience to explain what it is that you are asking or want. If I have a criticism it is that Sunquest provides absolutley no information on arrival and you have to fend for yourself (asking questions, walking around and exploring) until the next day when the orientation takes place. So next time we will book directly and arrange for our own flights. We will definitely return to Melia Caribe Tropical!

Great modern hotel The hotel is in an excellent location with very clean modern rooms and very comfortable beds. There was a big street party when I was there with a lot of loud music but you couldn't hear a thing inside the room. The staff were very friendly. The only downside was a very slow check-out but I would certainly stay there again.

Stylish Hotel with Exceptional staff Just back from a weekend at Axel Hotel in Barcelona.I found the staff EXCEPTIONALLY friendly, helpful, and actually good looking. Perfect English and very eager to help in anyway. The hotel itself is in a perfect location for any tourist, gay or straight. Most of the gay bars are within 5 blocks of the hotel. I was actually able to walk to many of the tourist attractions. It was a great way to see the city and do all the typical tourist things. I also noticed several heterosexual couples in the hotel who seemed perfectly at home. The hotel is very stylish and comfortable. The roof terrace--pool is not to be missed. Great chill out music, lots of sun, and lots of barely dressed sunbathers. I spent at least an hour up there everyday. Very relaxing to sit and have a cocktail or two on the roof after a day of sight seeing.The breakfast was very good, although possibly a bit overpriced at @12 euros. The room I had--a standard city view--was very comfortable and stylish. I would recommend having a patio view room because at night the streets are very loud with traffic and people running around til 3am, which makes it difficult if you need to have an early night.I noticed during my 3 night stay, the front desk staff, who I thought was exceptional, deal with guest after guest who reluctantly checked out wishing they could stay longer. And the best night I spent in Barcelona was when I took the suggestion of one of the staff as to how I should spend my last night in the city. I haven't had that much fun in a club since my twenties. (im 37 now). My least favorite aspect of staying at the hotel was the abundance of the gay Americans with --- attitudes.

bad attitude, wrong information, go somewhere else ! I choose this hotel after reading the review by Lonely Planet's (2006) and this site. The only good thing about this hotel is it's location - smack in the middle of old Florence. We ordered a superior double room with breakfast for three nights. Arriving at the hotel with a car is complicated due to the street layout of old Florence. The GPS was not helpful as where directions from locals. when I called the hotel they where uncooperative on the phone. when we got there we realized we have to take the baggage to the fourth floor of the building in a small, old, smelly elevator. we then received a small, dark, dump room looking at one of the inner courtyards. The bed was two single beds, the bathroom small and smelly and the toilet seat broken. The TV set was the size of my cell phone screen and the cupboards had no shelves. when we asked for another room with double bed and a normal cupboard and bathroom we recieved a hostile response. They told us all the rooms are the same and that they have NO double bed in the establishment and that we should use the extra bed for putting our cloths on. We were shown two other even smaller rooms at same condition so we stayed in ours. The breakfast is a joke - Heated coffee, factory croissants. A shame for an Italian to even look at those. When we contacted our travel agent (who called the owner) we recieved the owner's response - the bathroom is great, they don't like our other rooms, I don't see the problem.The worst thing about Pendini is the attitude we received from the stuff and the owner. I could probably stay in stables if someone smiles at me and try to make me comfortable.For the 120 Euro per night + 25 Euro parking you are better off staying at any other hotel in the area.

Sour Singapore The Elizabeth Hotel failed to provide the room we had booked. I must state that my wife and myself were happy with the transfers to and from the airport as well as the breakfast provided by the Hotel, however the rooms that we had booked and paid for (to the travel agent) at the end of May 2006 did not align with the room we were given. When we arrived at the hotel we were directed to our room however when we entered the room we discovered that the room had not been serviced after the previous guests had left - there were towels strewn around the room and the bed sheets had not been replaced. We immediately went to the foyer and informed staff of the condition of the room. I also mentioned that we required a non smoking room and were informed that one was not available. After checking their available rooms, my wife and I were offered a non smoking room with three single beds with the promise that a room with a queen size bed would be available the following day. I reluctantly agreed to this as we had just flown from Paris via Heathrow and was extremely tired. The following day after sightseeing and shopping we returned to the Hotel (around 6.00pm) expecting to have been transferred to a non smoking room with a queen size bed as promised. However, we were only offered a non smoking room with two single beds and were required to wait for over an hour for this room to be serviced (with the compensation of a soft drink). We found during the night that the adjacent room (there was a locked door between our room and the adjacent room) was occupied by smokers and the strong smell of cigarette smoke was coming under the door into the room thus compounding our problems. Our treatment by the Hotel in Singapore has left us with feelings of discontent and we would not consider staying at the Elizabeth Hotel in the future.

Fantastic hotel Reading other reviews, I was a bit apprehensive to stay at this hotel. Recent construction and noise from the street seemed to be the top complaints, though neither was an issue for me. I booked the hotel on points, and the staff upgraded my room to a renovated suite with a deck on the 6th floor. It is in an alley near the middle of Las Ramblas, and so everything was nearby. There were two computers with free internet access in the lobby, and a carrefore was just around the corner for quick food.

Stylish and good location It was in a great location and was quite stylish. The rooms were pretty small, and having two grown men in them made it feel tight. Air conditioning was non-existent and we weren't able to get irons in the rooms.

Great experience Great hotel for travelers. The staff were very helpful, and the lounge had great breakfasts. It's a bit near the outskirts of Tokyo (Ebisu area), but about a 5 min walk from the JR train station.

Great location, good value Perfect location for sites since it right next to the Forbidden City/Tienanmen Square. There's also a popular shopping street about a block to the east and a night market for food. The pictures don't do the place justice. I had low expectations for the place, and just booked it because of the price. Was pleasantly surprised by the interior and it looks like they've renovated it recently. Staff was helpful arranging tours and shows for us.

Good but could be better without much effort. This hotel was a fair value for the money, but they could greatly improve the property by paying attention to some minor maintenance and cleaning issues. The mirror on the bathroom door had paint on the edge of it from a careless painter, and it should have been removed and replaced or the paint should have been removed. The base-board tiles in the bathroom appeared to have stains on the tops of many tiles from wallpaper paste residue. The seam between the bathroom floor tiles and the carpeting was rough and uneven. The windows could have been cleaner (the view was fantastic).I would return because I could overlook the shortcomings, but it does not make sense that the management or the owners (hard to tell which) are not taking better care of the property.

Stayed here late May 2004... Convenient location. Clean rooms. High-speed internet service did not work in our room during the 3 nights we were there--manager gave us $25 discount for our inconvenience. Secure underground parking. Decent breakfast.

Very Good Hotel The Conrad is without doubt an excellent hotel, even by HK standards. We had a double room with great view a bathroom that was out of this world. It was fantastically well designed had absolutely everything you could want for a couple of days of luxury - right down to rubber ducks for the bath.It is quite expensive, but somethings are worth the expense I think the Conrad is worth it.If you can get a deal, don't hesitate to book. I doubt that you will be disappointed.

Good value for a hotel of this quality This hotel was by far the cheapest 5 star hotel I have ever stayed in.In my opinion it does not have the comfort level of say the Shangri-La or Conrad but doesn't have the rate card either.The area the hotel is in is not the best and I think this is reflected in the price. I also quite like a view of the harbour when in HK.However, the rooms cleanliness can't be faulted the staff are excellent. I would be happy to recommend this hotel to anyone.

Airport hotels are rubbish.... don't believe it - this one was excellent!!!! I really enjoyed my stay here. It was a business trip and I was a bit worried about being out of it by the airport but the combination of the excellent accommodation, shuttles to the subway and excellent subway infrastructure made this a superb stay. There is a good Irish bar within the hotel, a good gym and pool, good rooms and overall a very nice hotel. If I went back to Boston I would stay there.

Moore hotel good value for Canadians! Visited Seattle first time in August- to bicycle with cascade bike club up to Vancouver ( 180km).The Moore hotel was clean and allowed my bicycle into the room- it was only 2 blocks from the Pike market which had all kinds of healthly foods. It is older but well kept, the fan they lend you helped with the road noise and heat. It is well priced for canadians who are spending candadian dollars. The young fellow at front desk was a pleasure to talk with.I will be doing this ride each summer and staying at this motel.It was an adventure cycling from the airport to downtown- midday is the ony time to attemtp this.thanks again Moore hotel!!Paul

May as well have spit in my face at check in! If you like a cranky old man who appears to be ready for a fist fight when you check in....this place is for you!The lady who took our reservation was very nice, offering us a room for one night when there is usually a 3 night minimum.Apparently, Senor Big Cheese didn't agree and almost came across the reception desk at me when I asked about it. The room rate and actual room reserved (canal view) did not match what we were originally quoted, nor what we were given.He showed me an email with an agreed upon higher rate (didn't match confirmation) which I agreed to as long as I got the canal view room. He refused and was seething mad. And charged extra for the 5th person.A long climb up very narrow stairs resulted in a sufficient room with a loft and decorated in a nautical theme. Clean, spacious enough for four or five CLOSE family member and a decent bathroom made for an okay room; but not what we paid for.Later he wouldn't allow us to use the computer in the parlor area so we couldn't access the printer to show him the electronic version of the confirmation so we had to access the internet at a coffee shop. Not exactly the ideal solution when it's you and your 15 year-old son. Breakfast was standard Netherland fare and was acceptable, but the cranky old man syndrome doesn't work too well for repeat guests. It's a quaint setting over the canal...if only we could have seen it.Won't be returning here until the old man croaks and new customer service is established.

Nice Historic Hotel! Incredible Location! The Wyndham Bourbon Orleans is a nice historic hotel, right in the heart of the French Quarter. While not a five-star hotel, its location makes up for it. The hotel occupies a city block between Bourbon Street (where the bar is located) and St. Louis Cathedral. The hotel is built around the New Orleans auditorium, which dates to 1817. Most of the building is newer than that, however, and the hotel has distinctly New Orleans architecture. The hotel is nicely maintained and gradually getting back on its feet post-Katrina. My room overlooked the swimming pool, with a big comfy bed and marble bathroom. Nice! I don't believe the courtyard rooms have balconies, but they do have balcony rooms that overlook Bourbon Street. It's probably noisy on that side, as Bourbon Street is unbelievably loud. From my room, however, there was total silence.Room service is minimal at the moment and limited to po' boys and burgers. Hours are 5p-10p only. However, they'll deliver snacks and drinks to your room 24/7. One reviewer said the bar was closed, but it has since re-opened. The restaurant is open, as well. There's also a nifty little wine bar and bistro across the street that's worth a stop.The staff was great --- friendly and helpful all around, as is common in the Big Easy!There are great advantages to being a Wyndham ByRequest member. I booked my room at Bourbon Orleans for $89 plus tax, and that included free parking -- something they're offering through the end of August '06. What a deal! Parking usually costs at least $25 in the French Quarter. ByRequest members also get in-room snacks and beverages upon arrival, and 500 frequent flier miles. I booked here for the rate, and I'd definitely choose to stay again at normal rates. I love the authentic architechure of the hotel, and the location cannot be beat!

Terrific Staff We stayed here for a week with a relatively large group of people, as a friend of mine was getting married. Overall, I was quite pleased with the all-inclusive experience. The staff was probably the best part of it! They were terrific, helpful, and friendly. The brochures say gratuities are included, but they don't make a lot, so tips are important and appreciated. Make a special effort at the swim-up bar, where tourists understandably go without money. The rooms were sub-par. The beds weren't all that comfortable; and in every room that I saw, the idea of a king bed was really just a couple of smaller beds pushed together. Worst of all, the pillows were very thin. If you can pack your own, do so! We ate very well. Nothing stood out, but there was a wide selection at all the meals. Trying to figure out a seating time is about the most complicated thing; but once you've done that (first day), the rest will go smoothly. At breakfast, there are both European-style and American-style breakfasts. The real issue is reservations for the restaurants. Most people want to go to the steakhouse at one time or another, so you've gotta get your reservation in early in the morning. (It's been awhile, but 7AM is the time I remember). We were usually out fairly late the night before, so that was problematic. On the third attempt, we got a table. The beach is spectacular. With so many Europeans, it was also topless to a large extent. I wouldn't say clothing-optional, although I saw one woman fully nude. She was the only person in a week, so I wouldn't recommend it. The Dominican Republic is a conservative country. Watch what you wear off the resort. But if you're getting some rays, nobody will bat an eye if you're topless. DO get a massage while you're there! I got one on the beach and was happily talked into several more. Every other day, it was wonderful... and much cheaper than in the United States. In a package of three, I believe I paid $135 ($45/per).There's a town close by. It's a short cab ride away and a good opportunity to look for some good Dominican cigars. Bargain for them! The asking price is not the price you should pay. Dominican cigars, by the way, are among the best. If you enjoy a smoke now and then, it's worth making the trip to town. Buy a lighter in town, as well, since everything is very expensive at the resort's little souvenir store. You do NOT want to buy anything at the store if you can help it.Finally, if you need cash, there is no ATM in the guest areas of the resort. Do not believe, however, that there is no ATM. Some employees will say they don't have one. But there is a big building where employees from all the Riu resorts gather. There's an ATM right outside. You have to walk about 10 minutes, but it beats cab fare to town. Ask for directions... it's not hard to find.

Nice Views... OVERVIEW: The Hilton is a big hotel! So when we needed a room during Jazzfest, it wasn't hard to find one here. The Hilton is close to Harrah's Casino and about three blocks to Canal Street and the entrance to the French Quarter. Its location means you can get a nice room with a relatively close-up view of the Mississippi River. It's one of the most interesting views in the city. Overall, the hotel is very nice -- about what you'd expect from a big, full service convention hotel. No surprises and completely comfortable.EXECUTIVE FLOOR REVIEW: As a Hilton Honors member, I was given an upgrade to one of the executive floors, which also give access to the 29th floor lounge. The lounge is a comfortable place to simply kick back and take in the view. It's also where the hotel serves a complimentary continental breakfast. But by the time we arrived, the food was pretty well picked over. It was also packed with people, with no immediate place to sit. Part of this could have been remedied by stretching out breakfast hours past 10AM (on a Sunday!!). The rooms are on higher floors, which mean better views, and there are nice bathrobes in these rooms. But I'd suggest you take the executive room only if offered, and not pay for an upgrade yourself. It isn't worth the price.SAVE MONEY: We booked on the hotel's website and paid dearly for our room during Jazzfest --- about $220. Our friends booked through Priceline, would up at the same hotel on the same night, and only paid $65. Sure, they were on a lower floor and missed the free breakfast... but they saved over $150. Of course, this isn't an option if your heart is set on the Hilton (you don't know where you'll stay on Priceline).

Good Hotel, Fantastic Restaurant The St. James Hotel is a nice hotel. It's comfortable and we had no problems. If you can, get a room on the top floor... our room had a raised beam ceiling. It adds a lot of character to the room. On the ground floor, the St. James has one of the best restaurants in the city. Even if you don't stay here, eat at Cuvee! Impressive wine list, great food, and a casual upscale dining experience. The Trip Advisor reviews speak for themselves.The St. James is by no means one of the best hotels in the city, nor would I call it a full-service hotel. But you'll be within easy walking distance of the French Quarter and the best of the city, and you'll sleep well. I read an earlier review that claimed Hotwire called it a 4-star hotel. It's a 3-star by most accounts, and it's perfectly nice.

A perfect break We booked this hotel after reading all the positive reviews and we were not disappointed. We can confirm the friendly staff and the excellent breakfast, which was available until 10.30 a.m. Our room was a standard room but was very well appointed and with plenty of space. Even though we were overlooking the main road the noise was not a problem apart from the sirens of the emergency vehicles passing by but we could hear these all over Barcelona anyway. Thankfully either I slept soundly or the sirens did not operate after midnight because I did not have a disturbed sleep.If you arrive at Barcelona airport then the aerobus outside each terminal is worth taking into the Plaza Catalunya as they depart every 6 minutes and only take 15- 20 minutes to get there for a modest When you arrive in the centre go back to the other side of the square and you will see the Cafe Zurich at the top of La Rambla - keep this on your right hand side and walk up Calle Pelai and you will see the University at the top. Turn left and the hotel is 2 blocks on the right hand side. An easy 10 -15 minute walk at most.

Not thrilled with the San Carlos Outside view of the hotel

Nice hotel overall The Arizona Biltmore is a beautiful hotel. We enjoyed our room, but did not like paying $10 for internet access. Basically, if you stay here, except to pay for everything, including $6 for a bottle of water. Also, we had to walk far to our room and in the summer heat, it was difficult.Otherwise, the hotel has a wide variety of activities, including a few pools, a great spa, restaurants, etc. We enjoyed our stay, and would most likely stay here again!

Overall, a positive experience Washroom

I enjoyed my stay here Stayed here for just one night, but enjoyed it. Check in staff very nice, rooms basic but comfortable, no views to speak of but oh well. Right next to the metro station at Kings Cross, but the neighborhood is nothing exciting. The restaurant at the hotel is good and has a nice wine list, there are also a couple bars across the street if you want a nice cold beer at a good, non-hotel price. I would stay here again for sure, but there are still other places (and areas) I would prefer.

Great Hotel in a Great Area Took a few days off after work in Dublin to come to my favorite city, London. Originally planned to stay in a hostel to have some fun, but since I was feeling under the weather, after one night in the hostel, I decided to use some Hilton HHonors points and stay here. It was an absolutely fantastic experience. The hotel is so easy to get to either by DLR (South Quay) or Tube (Canary Wharf and a 2 minute walk), and in an area often overlooked by tourists, but includes nice restaurants, shops, and the 3 tallest buildings in the UK (one of which, the Citigroup HQ, I had a view of from my room). Check in staff extremely nice, room very VERY large with lots of open space, bathroom very clean and comfortable, and bed quite comfy. Breakfast was a little dissapointing, and had I actually paid for it (they gave it to me for free since the hotel was full and they could not give me a room upgrade) I would have been darn right angry. Health club quite good, and concierge fantastically helpful recommending a good Indian restaurant (Mem Saheb, try it out), finding me a post office, and other odds and ends. I would certainly stay here again without a second thought...it's almost nice to take a break from the busy areas like Knightsbridge, Bayswater, etc. while still actually being in London

A great experience in a great city Stayed here on a reward for three nights after working in Mascot. This hotel was great - excellent service, comfortable room (mine was on the 29th floor with a nice view of the Opera House), good bar and restaurant with typical hotel prices (but the bar wasn't bad in that respect - get a Bondi Beauty, especially if Annica (sp?) is making it!). It's so easy to get here and to get around - CityRail and Sydney Ferry both operate a block away. I would love to stay here again next time I am in this great city.

Really enjoyed the Park Plaza I'm in the middle of a stay here and really enjoy it. Staff is excellent, English is pretty good, location fantastic - right next to the Regent hotel but cheaper and set back from Jinbao Street so it's a bit quieter too. Being set back can be a bit difficult for a taxi driver but it's not too hard. Subway station just down the block (at the base of the Regent), Starbucks next door for a taste of home if, like me, you've been gone a while. Lei Garden on the 3rd floor of the Jinabo Tower is a good choice for food, and there are ATMs at the front of Jinbao Tower from several bank chains. Walking distance to Forbidden City and Tiananmen Square is a nice perk.Beijing is a nice city, but not my favorite. If I come back, though, I will certainly stay here again.

Great hotel, but a little noisy The Laura has great rooms and excellent service, along with a very good location. The rooms are clean, comfortable and a good size, with all of the conveniences that you need. Breakfast is an excellent buffet of fresh juices, fruit, meats and cheese and great coffee.The only downside is the noise level. The windows need to be soundproofed. Since we stayed during the run up to New Year's Eve, the late night noise level was louder every night and at times woke us up. Since we live in city, we are used to some noise. That is the only problem.

NOT so Grand! I depended very much on the TripAdvisor reviews when I booked this hotel for me and my wife. The reviews were so ecstatic, I was positive that this would be the perfect hotel for our trip to Barcelona. Our experience was pretty far from perfect. I feel that I need to write a review that will balance out the glowing reviews that this hotel has been receiving as a fair warning to my fellow travelers who also depend on and love TripAdvisor.In the three nights we stayed at the Gran Hotel Torre Catalunya, we had a poor overall experience.Firstly, the standard rooms are average. Barely 4 stars, I found the standard room dark, stuffy and pretty grim. While indeed close to a train/subway station, the hotel's location also felt far from much of Barcelona's cultural attractions. Be prepared for a five-seven minute walk to the station plus a 15-20 minute ride to get to any major attraction. Prior to our third day at the hotel (covered here in just a bit) the staff members were fine. Not overly helpful or friendly, the service they provided met, but did not exceed expectations for the prices we paid.Our trip happened to coincide with Holy Week 2008 and our last day was Good Friday, a pretty major holiday in Barcelona. Not knowing what sites might have limited hours on Good Friday, we planned an early start to our day. We asked the hotel for a 7:30 am wake up call on Friday morning. We received no call. Instead, a bellhop knocked on our door at 9:40 am as a wake up call. He explained that he was sent because there was no answer to a call to our room at 7:30 am. Our first thought was that we definitely did not miss a call at 7:30 because the phones were extra loud. Our second thought was, Why, if we were supposed to receive a 7:30 call, was the bellhop now standing at our door at 9:40? Not wanting to take it out on the messenger, I thanked the bellhop and told him I would be taking it up with the hotel management.At the lobby we explained the situation to the manager in charge. She initially seemed dubious of our story, perhaps believing that we really did miss a 7:30am call. Because we persisted, she eventually called the person responsible for the wake up calls. They admitted to her, she explained, that they simply forgot to call us. Needless to explain further, this was a frustrating situation having already lost a good few hours in our last full day in Barcelona.To make up for the issue, the manager offered to upgrade our room for the last night. They did follow through with this gesture which we are appreciative of. However, I can't help but feel let-down by my overall experience at the Gran Hotel Torre Catalunya.

Fullerton Hotel- A Fantastic Experience Our view from the seventh floor

Excellent Hotel In our 16 days trip in US we have stayed in 7 different hotels and Vital was by far the best one.Because: a) the general atmosphere and energy of the hotel was superb. b) the service was excellent; personnel has been very attentive and at the same time simple, gentle and efficient c) decoration was very nice both in the room and the public areas of the hotel d) location very convenientWe stayed (three nights) in a room facing the back of the building and a roof with ventilators etc. We wanted a very quiet room and after checking two other rooms ended in this room without view but cozy and indeed very quiet and (we preferred that over a room facing Mission Street with window from floor to ceiling which we felt less cosy and more exposed).Room was spacious and very clean, the bed very good (but not excellent), nice bathroom, all the standard amenities plus free wireless internet and flat TV. (rooms looks better in reality then in the website.We had breakfast in Americano which was ok (nothing special) but lacked fresh orange juice, cheese, ham etc that we usually eat in Europe.We are very happy to have discover this excellent hotel.

Great value Very clean, comfortable hotel with large, modern air conditioned rooms.Good location, close to shopping area.Best thing was the rate - just e71 per from the NH hotels website - a fantastic bargin!

some brilliant things but room for improvement We have just returned from RPM and had a good holiday! summary as follows:Hotel - nice and spacious giving a good choice of using the beach or pool. Our room was smelly , musty and damp , and the high humidity did nothing to help( most other people we spoke to said their rooms were very good so perhaps we were just a bit unlucky). The fridge was well stocked and regularly refilled(small tips may have helped)Smoking is allowed in the hotel so this was a bit of a step back to a couple of years ago - the 'Boheme' room had a stale odour but was soon forgotten and all other general areas were ok.Food was varied and aimed at US/ European visitors -by using the four restaurants it was easy to avoid too much repitition.No problems on getting towels/sunbeds - always plenty of room Staff - always excellent . Always asking if we needed anything , nothing was too much trouble. We were not allowed to do anything - if we had to work then the staff were not at all happy.Entertainment - a little dated in presentation but never lacking in effort. The thursday evening on Carribean Street is worth seeing. Not much to do when it was raining !Beach - lots of nice golden sand and you can walk for milesSafety - no problems but we did not venture outside the resort unless on a trip.I can't think of anything else except the positives far outweight any negatives !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Very, very good Great hotel in a fairly quiet neighborhood. The reception staff is very helpfull. They recommended a restaurant called L'Olive(5 min walk from the hotel). It was excellent! If i go back to Barcelona i will stay at this hotel again:)

Fantastic honeymoon at the Marriott The very soft bed

Outstanding Staff Have been planning a trip to New Orleans since before Katrina and wanted to do our part in helping rebuild. Le Pavillon is part of the Preferred Hotel Group. We have stayed at a number of these properties and have never been dissapointed. Since we knew nothing of New Orleans we booked here and were delighted with our choice. The staff is one of the friendliest we have ever encounted at any hotel. This property is smaller than some of the larger hotels on Poydras and consequently they give you a more personalized experiece. It was a pleasant stroll to the French Quarter, Superdome, Casino or Convention Center. We walked everywhere. The restaurant is as good as some of the overpriced tourist traps in the French Quarter and Pat the chef does an outstanding breakfast. Charles our waiter was the quintessential N'Orleans southern gentlemen.

Vibe North Sydney great for "out of towners" Vibe hotel North Sydney is great for those not familiar with Sydney. Well positioned across the road from the train station and only one stop into the city. Also handy to the ferry. After a slight hiccup at check in (they had my name correct but wrong address) our Aqua room was fine, with a great view of the harbour. Some reviewers have had problems with musty rooms but our was OK, also the furniture was not scratched or knocked about as some have reported. It is probably worth upgrading to the water view rooms as they seem better maintained. The aircon was efficient and very quiet (although it will not work until a room key is inserted into a slot - get two keys at check-in so you can leave one in the slot while you are out).The bathroom is small but nicely tiled. A potential problem for those travelling by car is that the car park (extra cost) is small and you are not guaranteed a spot. If the car park is full you have to park down the street at another parking station about 6-7 minutes walk, and back up a hill. We got the best deal by calling the hotel directly (better than their own website). This hotel is definately not five star, but at the price we paid it was fair value. It represents a good alternative to higher priced hotels right in the city yet is well served by public transport, even a taxi rank at the door.

Quirky and Friendly Place to Stay I was worried when I got there...it was an hour or two before check in, but the desk staff made it seem like they didn't have my registration. This was after e-mail contact and a phone call with my credit card. They wanted me to come back for a 3:00 check in. They stored my luggage and the hotel is within walking distance to EVERYTHING downtown, so it wasn't a big deal. When I got back at 3 though, I don't think my original room was ready yet, but they gave me a room on the 6th floor on the side street (above the theatre, perhaps?) No view, but the side street allowed me to have the window open all night (no air conditioning- it's alright!)That being said, this is an awesome hotel with friendly staff and people staying there, and it's right on the edge of Belltown and Downtown, so the location can't be beat. A car is not needed. Walking and busing got me everywhere I needed to go! I travelled solo (29-year-old male) and felt completely safe everywhere I went, but it you are a nervous traveller, this might not be the place for you. Rooms were simple, the age of the building gave it some character. Appreciated the fan in the room- wouldn't have slept as well without it. I would stay again next time in Seattle!

A good place to eat breakfast and sleep I travelled to Phoenix last year to watch spring training baseball. I was there primarily for the Brewers, and this hotel was one of the closer ones to Maryvale park and the freeway. We didn't spend much time at our hotel. It's not fancy, and they seemed to be doing some renovations. That said, the full breakfast buffet (waffles!), location and outdoor hottub were enough for me to stay there again this upcoming March. Yes, you get what you pay for, and there's not a lot within a 5 minute drive (or walk) but like anywhere else in Phoenix, there's lots within a 10-15 minute drive. Including an awesome Mexican restaurant that I can't remember the name or location for the life of me. I'll find it though!

High Times in Hawaii For a really great stay of any length in Waikiki try the Sand Villa.The guests are mainly repeat visitors the locals also take advantage of the bar prices Happy hour [from 4-7pm daily].Ask for a corner or north facing room for fantastic views from the Ali Wai canal, across the Golf Course to the mountain tops, or from Diamond Head to the Punchbowl. Rooms are basic but clean, with balconies all facilities including a basic continental b'fast.Staff are just great, the cross section of local colour you meet in the huge bar/pool area gives you terriffic insights into where you should explore next.

Loved The Inn at Queen Anne A really great stay. Great staff, continental breakfast, Top locationSuite included,bedroom,Lounge room, Kitchen, 2 walk-in robes computer den.

U.S. amenities! Wonderful hotel!! The location is outstanding. You can walk to all the main attractions, and David is almost close enough to climb in your window! We spent 3 weeks in Italy,and this was my son's favorite hotel of the entire trip.We had a true triple room with remote-control in-room air conditioning and wireless Internet in the room.Such amenities aren't easy to find in Italy,and we really enjoyed having them.Breakfast here was also our best in the country.Don't be frightened by the building's outer appearance-it's a downtown building in an ancient European city.Also nearby is i'Toscano,a very reasonable restaurant with some dishes in lighter sauces than many Italian locations. Thanks for a great experience in a very relaxed city. John Huffman,Battleboro,NC,USA

OK for a short stay View from corner bedroom window.

A Good Choice Staff spoke basic English and nothing was too much trouble. They arranged taxis that arrived promptly and with the correct instructions, and provided a free keepsafe for valuables. The hotel was very comfortable and exceedingly clean, and complimentary slippers were provided in the bedroom. A clean Yakata (dressing gown) was provided every day, and a constant supply of hot and cold water and green tea were provided free from a machine on the landing. Toileteries were provided and the toilets in the ensuite bathrooms are western style. There is a fridge and kettle for making a drink, but if you don't want green tea you had better bring your own coffee, milk, etc. There are late-night convenience stores nearby.The excellent restaurant provided Japanese cuisine for dinner and a choice of Japanese or Western breakfast, not included in room price. There was also a good Italian Restaurant one block away.It is easy to reach. We recommend the Keisei Skyliner to Oeno Station from Narita. It is reserved seating only, (ticket desk at Airport Station) so there is no problem with luggage and the journey takes one hour. The slow train runs the same route but takes more than an hour and a half and forget it if you have much luggage. All important signs are in English. There is a taxi rank at Oeno and the fare to the hotel was about 750yen - It is a good idea to have a printout of the hotel name in Japanese to show the driver - they don't all read or understand English. On the way back be sure to ask the taximan for Keisei Oeno station or you will end up in the JR station.

Comfort on buget in London I had a pleasant stay in a very comfortable room with all the commodities for a very reasonable price of night.

Absolutely Spectacular! No question that this is one of the best hotels I have ever stayed at. BUT, there is a caveat. YOU MUST STAY IN THE NEWLY REMODELED ROOMS!!! These are on the 39th floor which means they are Executive Level rooms. It is worth the extra money (probably about $40USD per night). The Executive Level means you have access to the Exec. Check in on the 40th floor along with the Executive lounge which serves free breakfast and night cocktails. The rooms on the 39th are BRAND new so much so that the one I was in actually smelled new (you know that construction smell!). The room decor on these new rooms is very akin to the W Hotels (I shouldn't say this too loud since the W is just down the street from the Nikko). The view is phenomenal and the service is 5****. They go above and beyond the call to make things right. On the executive floor you also have access to a butler service that will press your clothes and shine your shoes. In the morning, my wake up call was followed by fresh coffee moments later -- with warm milk for the coffee! The hotel has a gym and spa area on the 4th floor. For hotel gyms it actually has a lot of equipment. I am a gym freak so I found a Gold's Gym within walking distance (15 minutes). There are a bunch of hotels right in this area (the InterContinental, W Hotel, Marriott, etc)... so location wise there isn't much difference. The W looked to be quite happening at night as the lobby bar was PACKED. BUT, if you want a nice luxury hotel, the Nikko is the place to be. Again, I take no responsibility if you do not stay in the renovated rooms.As far as the neighbourhood, Polanco is one of the safest and wealthiest neighbourhoods in Mexico City. No problem walking around during the day or night. There are plenty of police around too. Shopping in this area is for the wealthy too. With Hugo Boss, Armani, Canali, etc. the shops are exclusive designer shops. There is also a tour bus that stops near this hotel and it will take you around the city in about 3 hours if you don't get off the bus.

A Comfortable Stay The Bathroom

Your second home I stayed in Al Ponte Antico from 20.08.08 to 24.08.08. I can easily say it was a wonderful experience. I always try hard finding good accomodation and my priority is 'a special atmosphere' if not too overpriced. Thanks to many reviews of this site and my own research, Al Ponte Antico was probably the best possible choice. Hotel's website give a good idea of what can be expected: Smallauthentique hotel which you fall in love at first sight. As for the price, not too much for Venetian accomodation standards around Grand Canal. After my wonderful experince in Prague (Alchymist Grand Hotel and Spa), I was afraid of being disappointed in Venice and Al Ponte Antico. Thanks god, it was far from being the case: Both the city and the hotel fullfilled all my expectations.As those who already visited know, Venice is a very interesting city from the moment you land. You have to reach your hotel via sea route. It took around 30-40 minutes with a not-too-crowded seabus of Alilaguna Lines (which you can immediately buy tickets for the airport). A faster option is watertaxi which I find too expensive You land on Rialto stop, 5 minutes walk to Al Ponte Antico. When arriving, pay attention and spot the hotel, as when you land it's extremely easy to get lost in Venice, you'll find it difficult to find the place. Al Ponte Antico is at the end of a small street. Greeting at Al Ponte Antico was very nice and warm, which I liked much. Whether Armando, Oliviero, Tommaso or David are in the reception doesn't change things much as all of them are kind, friendly and warm-hearted. They do everything for you to feel at home and they succeed. Specially Oliviero (bornraisen in Venice, as he says) helped me and my girlfriend about the city and interesting places everytime we saw him. And when talking about people in Al Ponte Antico, how can one forget Matteo, the owner of this magnificient place? Probably the most kind, hard working and down to earth hotel-running-guy I ever met. He always ask about your plans for the day, make small recommendations, try to help you about the city and at the evening and finally not forgetting what you told him, asks you about your view on places you were. Not to even mention omelettes he makes himself, with eggs from his grandmothers village...After so much praise for the staff, the reader probably wonder about the room. The room I stayed was a small one, not having a view of Grand Canal but it was very nicely decorated, just like a bedroom in a private mansion. The bathroom is as big as the room itself, with very nice hydro-massage present.And finally the main 'trick' of Al Ponte Antico, the terrace in which you can have your breakfast. It have probaby the best of views for the Grand Canal. A very delicious open-buffet breakfast (thanks to Rosalba for excellent service and fantastic coffee) accompanied with Matteo's yummy omelettes and the dreamy view of the canal is worth every penny you spend even without further beauties of Venice! Shame there isn't dinner at the hotel but you can enjoy the terrace every hour of the daynight. It's a place you will like to spend time in.To sum up, if you look for hotels with high-end facilities, look elsewhere. But if you seek warm approach, family like treatment, special atmosphere, exclusiveoriginal accomodation and a small exclusive place like those in tales, books and films, Al Ponte Antico is the place. When your holiday ends, you won't only have unforgettable memories, but also new friends!

Noisy but nice. Before you decide to stay on the Zocalo, consider this: Sounds echo around the plaza and the Aztec drummers/dancers perform from 10:00 - 10:00 making it difficult to take a siesta. Other than that, we had a wonderful 4 day stay. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful and switched from Spanish to English and back easily (we speak Spanish). The 6th floor terrace restaurant is a must even if you don't stay at the hotel - fantastic views although you will find more exciting food elsewhere. Have the $10 breakfast buffet or, later, coffee or a drink. You will see the cathedral up close, the volcanos, and the action in the plaza. We decided to spend the exta money and had a somewhat nice 5th floor suite that was more like a loft with large windows on 2 sides and a great view of the Zocalo. Service and attention were great. Some rooms have windows over a busy street (5 de mayo) and others have windows into a light/ventelation shaft. Overall, a pleasant hotel in a great (although noisy) location.

Although a little rustic, we loved it! The cabins

What a Gem! Last December American Airlines had a $250 Austin/San Juan round trip special that we couldn't pass up and pushed the Buy button! I mentioned the cheap airfare and our friends (other retirees) said we're in. With a little research we decided to circumnavigate the island staying at paradors and sample the fine Porto Rican food and the rums. What a great idea! I booked our rooms via Expedia.com at $107+tax/room/night. This was our last night in Puerto Rico. This is a very nice boutique hotel, that has little parking - maybe room for 5 cars. Regardless, it is nice and where they got 2 1/2 stars is beyond me. Through some type of mixup they did not have our reservations and were going to put us in a different upgraded hotel. However, upon showing our paid receipt from Expedia and stating that we did not want to stay in a differenc hotel from our friends, they upgraded us to a room near the bar. It had a four poster bed, small but complete kitchen and a sitting area. Everything was well kept and clean. I like these small hotels and can definitely recommend staying at the Wind Chimes. It's also easy walking distance to the more active area of San Juan.This cheap trip ended up being cheap as far as airfare and hotel cost, but be assured that we made up and more of the savings on fine food and drink. A great spur-of-the-moment trip. The best part of Puerto Rico is away from San Juan and amongst the locals in the countryside.Larry Kelly

Not worth the money The hotel is coveniently located opposite the Hung Hom train stations, with trains coming from and leaving for the Chinese mainland. We arrived by train from Guangzhou and immediately saw the hotel from the train terminal. But then... how to get to the lobby? No indications for pedestrians, so we took the risk and walked over the windy fly-over for taxi's (later we found out that you could enter through the shopping mall) - a strange way of entering a hotel. We booked a junior suite with harbour view for just over 200 USD per night. Never seen such a small 'suite' in my life. It was like they just had put a wall in a standard room, but the we heard that the standard rooms were truly half the size of our mini suite. We're not claustrophobic, but you would almost become so after staying a while in this hotel. It was impossible to stand in the bathroom with two persons.And then the harbour view... We only saw construction works that took away any view of the harbour - ridicoulous to pay 30 USD per night more for such a view. The downstairs outside swimming pool was a joke as well - nothing of the Hong Kong skyline to be seen as was advertised on the hotel's website. Housekeeping was only so-so - we didn't really noticed the room being cleaned, sheets were only changed once during our five day stay. Restaurants in the Metropolis are overpriced, given the mediocre quality of the food. Moreover, we were unlucky to be seated in the very windy lobby part of the restaurant, and were forced to have dinner with our coats on.The only positive thing we can think of is the convenient shuttle bus service to Kowloon center, every 20 minutes. For the rest - avoid this place!

Overpriced and in bad need of a remodel I'm a mid-30's professional that travels often. I live about 4 hours away from New Orleans and have visited several times a year for the past fifteen years. I have tried all types of accommodations in and around the French Quarter from hotels to private homes. On our last visit to New Orleans (New Year's Eve), my wife and I strolled by the DuPuy and looked inside the lobby. We decided we would try this hotel when we returned in April for the first weekend of Jazz Fest with my in-laws. By making a few phone calls, we were able to secure two non-smoking king rooms with balconies overlooking the courtyard at a rate of $289 per night thanks to Pat in reservations. (These types of rooms are scarce during big events).Check-in was great. Our car was parked and our bags were promptly brought up to the room. The front-desk staff was helpful and check-in was immediate. The room, however, left a lot to be desired. The french doors to the balcony did not shut or lock properly. Everything was tired and dated. The very tiny bathroom had several bulbs that were burned out over the vanity and the tub was dirty. There is no in-room high speed internet service and the dial-up will cost you 75 cents a call. The only high point to the room was that it faced out over an interior courtyard that cut down the noise level as compared to a room that faces out over the streets (if you have ever stayed in a balcony room on Bourbon you will appreciate that).The level of service greatly deteriorated after check-in. In the four nights that we stayed there, the maids never cleaned our coffee pot or placed out new coffee (horrible coffee- btw). No one ever replaced the burned-out bulbs over the vanity in the bathroom. The convenience bar in the room had orange juice in it that had expired over two months ago. The breakfast buffet consisted of powdered eggs and fruit that was left sitting in the sun. Service was downright rude at breakfast and the employees could have cared less if anyone was there. When we, and other guests, inquired about items that were getting low, we were shrugged off. On the day of check-out, the bellboy/valet was very rude to us and other guests. In the lobby, after a guest a complained of being awakened by loud noises, a hotel employee loudly proclaimed, if I had to be up at 6 this morning, so should he!At $289 per night plus tax and $24 nightly parking fee, you definitely do not get the service and room you are paying for. There are much nicer, and newer, hotels to choose from in this area.

Very good hotel I spent 3 nights over there with my wife just before Christmas. We had a very good time in NYC. The Affinia Dumont is a very good hotel in every aspects: good service, clean room, good amenities, great location, etc.But this just isn't luxurious (why is it rated top of the world Luxury?!?). It's very good, not great.

Great Hotel - Cold Food This is a great hotel with very clean and nicely appointed rooms with lovely views of the harbour. Staff were generally very friendly and we had no real problems except we felt the food was ordinary. We ordered hot food from the bar menu after coming back after a show and not only was there a long wait, it was basically cold when we got it. Cocktails were small and overpriced for what you got. The food in the buffet breakfast was cold also. I selected my food from the buffet and went straight back to my table and it was hardly warm and certainly cold by the time I was about half way through. Great location and place to stay but be careful of the food. We didn't have an evening meal in the restaurant though so I can't comment on that. They need to watch those food temperatures though or someone is going to end up with some serious food poisoning.

Splendid Luxury My wife and I recently stayed in the Westin Excelsior for three nights at the end of August this year. The entire stay was wonderful. The staff members are extremely friendly, courteous, efficient, and very fluent in English. The concierge desk could not have been more accomodating, even when we needed use of an adaptor for our computer at midnight one night. The location next to the river could not have been better. It is less than a twenty minute walk to a number of sites, including the train station, Piazza Santa Maria Novella, Ponte Vecchio, and the Uffizi Gallery. There are also a number of fabulous nearby restaurants and a wine bar just around the corner that comes alive each night at 10:00 p.m. The rooms are plush with old world furniture, window treatments, and artwork. The bathroom was roomy and up to date. There was also a work desk to conduct a little business each day, and hi-speed internet access for a fee. This is a great place to stay if price is of little concern and you want a pampered experience from beginning to end. We would not hesitate to stay again if we are ever in the Tuscany area in the future.

Up to standard...Recommended Me and my dad and my sister were there for 2 nights. We went to Sydney for an exhibition on September 24th. Location next to Hyde park not so far from George street and about 10-15 mins walk to exhibtion hall and Darling Harbour. Room could be a bit bigger and bed could be bigger too since there were 3 of us. Me and my dad had to sleep on the same bed and lucky that we were not a big guy so we didn't have much problem. Mariott standard so I would recommend to stay here

Great location The hotel was very nice, clean room, great location. The only problem with this hotel is their expensive parking $40/day. My recommedation is they shold provide free/inexpensive wireless access to customer

Unsatisfactory soundproofing Bath

Great Hotel in the heart of Florence Super hotel. Does not look like much from the outside but the inside has been newly and tastefully renovated. Room very comfortable, staff super friendly, location superb.Would definitely stay here again.

A super start to our holiday Our room at Simpsons

Great hotel I was staying at the Roosevelt Hotel New York and wanted to extend my stay but they were fully booked on the dates I wanted so I had to look around for something else. I had a look at the Marriott Hotel Times Square, but didn't like it. Just across the road, the Renaissance Hotel seemed much more intimate and friendlier.I booked a king size room throuigh Expedia, but when we arrived the only room with a king size bed was very small (we were told) and so they gave us a huge room with 2 double beds. Each double bed was 4 feet wide and so you can imagine the size of the room, and there was plenty of spare floor space.We were on the 17th floor, I think there were 26 floors altogether. The lifts were fantastic, travelling the 17 floors in about 15 seconds so you rarely had to wait more than a few seconds for a lift.The decor of lifts and lobby was a bit strange looking, but the carpets in the corridors were very colourful. The view from our bedroom was great, if you didn't suffer from heights, looking straight down to the road. The air-conditioning was fine, you couldn't adjust it or turn it off, but it was quite quiet. There wasn't much traffic noise either until the morning - I think there was some construction work nearby. The best thing about the bathroom was that part of the mirror was heated so there was always a clear area even if the rest of it was steamed up.Downstairs in the lobby there were a couple of pc's available for free internet access. The lobby is on the 1st floor so you have to go up to it from streetlevel and then change lifts to go higher up to the rooms.Leaving suitcases with the porter was no problem. Buses, taxis, and subways were literally just outside the hotel.A bit expensive for me, but a great hotel and one I would recommend.

Fantastic Week! We (my spouse and I) just completed a wonderful week visiting London and staying at the Sumner Hotel. We chose this small hotel based on Tripadvisor ratings and were not disappointed. We stayed in the deluxe king suite on the first floor. Great location, very convenient, perhaps a little noisy being right on the street but it's a busy city and this street is actually off the main roads. Hotel location is within easy walking distance to stores on Oxford Street, many pubs, train stations, tubes and bus stops.The room was clean and comfortable with a WONDERFUL large shower. The staff at the reception desk , especially Beata and Pietre, could not have done more! Friendly, helpful, always anxious to be of service. The only drawback was lack of drawer space in the room which for a 7 night stay was a little inconvenient. However, overall, this hotel was a great choice and we will not hesitate to return and to recommend it to our friends.

Why only 3 stars? It has been an ambition of mine to visit Hong Kong for many years, so I checked with trip adivsor for an hotel opted for the Metropark, boy am I glad that I did.Everything about this hotel was perfect, I had a room on the 7th floor which overlooked Victoria Park (I was there for the Chinese New Year ,so was able to watch the firework display from my room).I did have some meals in the hotel which were of high quality, the service was excellent with a good choice.I cannot understand why this hotel only rates 3 stars as I could not fault it.As other reviewers have said the transport system is just a very short walk away, also another bonus is the abundance of little cafes restaurants, I used the Chilli Garden a couple of times a very friendly Indian place,only about 15 metres to the right.If I ever get the chance I would stay there again.

Better than the comments I read

Great hotel Great hotel, Very friendly and helpful staff. Pretty good location and good value.

A good Amsterdam hotel I stay in Amsterdam quite a bit and this is my hotel of choice. The Barbizon is located very close to the station and the old town and has a bit of character about it. Many of the hotels in Amsterdam don't alas. The rooms are bigger than others I have stayed at in other Amsterdam hotels and the service is generally pretty good. This is a solid choice for business or leisure when staying in Amsterdam.

Good quality hotel that is a bit distinct We stayed 3 nights at this hotel following the good reviews on tripadvisor and the reasonable rate we got. We were not disappointed. The interior of the hotel is distinct as are the rooms and it was a refreshing change fromt same old same old of the traditional US chain hotel in this price bracket (Marriot, Hilton, etc).Service was generally good although for some reason check in is not until 4 in the afternoon and we were not able to check in until dead on 4 as the hotel was full. The location was pretty good, just off the interstate and in a nice part of town and not too far from downtown, the malls etc.Being English I never like the valet parking only idea. I much prefer the option of parking my own car but that was only a little niggle. The only other niggle was the what we thought general poor quality of the cocktails in the bar considering their price.Overall though a pleasant and good hotel and if I ever happened to be in Dallas again I would probably stay here again.

beware the neighbourhood The hotel is quite pleasant but is devoid of atmosphere.My wife and I walked from the metro-about half a mile. On the way a youth tried to grab my wife's backpack-luckily he failed but the experience was very unpleasant. The wonderful reception staff told us Barcelona is a very dangerous city but they kindly upgraded us to a suite.The hotel reception is below street level and there is a lift down from the street but it never worked for us.Breakfast is good value.One gripe-my visa card had to be swipped on 3 different occasions at reception-check out took ages.I feel this hotel is best suited to business types with self defense skills!!

Impressive hotel in excellent location View from one of our rooms

Brilliant hotel in very good location Lobby Bar

Excellent stay in the Langham Place Hotel Mongkok! Beds

Good hotel, excellent location, amazing views! Hotel exterior (silver tower in background)

Great Hotel, great staff !! We are just back from the Radisson in Frankfurt and we really loved it. The breakfast is very good with very efficient and professional service.The hotel is modern, good elevators, nice restaurants (a bit expensive for diner). The spa and fitness area is not large but enough. It's very well mantained,clean, very good service, sauna, steam room and the swimming pool has A GREAT and amazing VIEW over the city !!!The hotel is located 10 minutes by tram from the main central station of Frankfurt. The hotel also has several taxis in front of the hotel. Internet gratis, tea facilities in the room, heated floor in the bathroom. The only min. point is a window between the bedroom and the bathroom, totally unnecessary (I would never stay with my funny friends in the same bedroom because of this window that has curtine that can be opened from the bedroom side...We loved this hotel and will definetly come back.The reception is very friendly, professional and we had a great welcome upon arriving.

yokoso, nippon! limo buses from narita usually drop you off in front of the hotel you're staying, but not to the star hotel. the closest drop off spot is at a mall so prepare to walk through a mass of human traffic, 5 intersections, downhill sidewalk, and 50 pachinko parlors that wreak of cigarette smoke. if you have a ton of luggage -- good luck! it was harder for me going back to the pick-up spot to go back to the airport on my return home. went crazy shopping for japanese goods.the hotel -- expect to smell cigarette smoke even if you're in a non-smoking room. even at the lobby, guests are allowed to smoke! what a turn off! the elevators are narrow and the entry way to the room is shoulder-width! you face right and there's the bath and shower. the bed touches the corner and 2 walls, so dont expect to be doing any cartwheels.window opens a bit, but all you can hear is traffic. for the little bit of space, i thought it was a bit pricey. but, i think it was the location of the hotel. you're basically in the middle of it all -- a stone's throw away from kabukicho, the red light district. even the metro/tram stations are nearby. shops as far as your eyes can see. a mcdonalds for breakfast, but i usually visit the tiny bistro downstairs that serve breakfast/snacks/cold drinks. staff was super friendly and bilingual -- though i had to give directions to a couple visiting from the states as i headed out. basically -- a place to sleep and shower with a small tv box, where your knees touch the chair for the dresser if you sit on the edge of the bed. i stayed in a standard room for one, so i'm not sure how big the other rooms are and how pricey.i'd stay elsewhere next time just because i want my limo shuttle to drop me off in front of the hotel rather than walking!

Taking a cruise from Venice? The Hotel Antiche Figure is wonderful, particularly if you are taking a cruise from Venice, or arriving by ship to Venice. It is a short water taxi ride to the Piazza Roma, and then a five minute shuttle bus ride to the pier. The hotel staff is friendly and accomodating in every way. There is no reason to spend more money elsewhere. This is great value in a great location. Ask for a Grand Canal view room. You will not be disappointed.

The Majestic Colonial - Worth every penny! We spent 5 days at the Majestic Colonial in the Dominican Republic. And, what a wonderful 5 days it was!First and foremost, I need to preface the review simply by stating the obvious, which most travelers from the U.S. seem to forget. When you travel outside of the United States, you have traveled OUTSIDE of the United States. Things are going to be different than what you might be accustomed to. This is NOT a bad thing! Open your mind a little... you just might enjoy yourself!I could spend the entire review just talking about how beautiful the resort and the accomodations are. But, like many others before me, what really made this trip was the staff. Even late at night, you could find staff members cleaning around the resort. The wait staff at the various restaurants and bars were very friendly.Our staffer highlight though, was Nelson. Whenever we were down by the beach, Nelson was there to take care of us. He went above and beyond anything I could have imagined, coming around literally every 5 minutes to see if we needed anything! One of our friends on the trip with us asked Nelson, Where can we get fresh coconuts? They didn't have these at the resort, but Nelson wouldn't hear of us going out on our own in search... so he had a family member get us 4 coconuts (we had a group of 4 couples on the trip). He had them ready for us on our final full day at the resort!Nelson - you are awesome! The trip would have been great all on its own, but you made staying at the Majestic Colonial awesome! We WILL see you again!Other HighlightsWe typically spent our mornings at the beach, and our afternoons at the pool. Both settings are very inviting! The animation team at the Majestic are really fun. How on earth they are able to maintain the level of energy that they do is beyond me!I was actually pretty impressed by the food, to be honest! I wasn't expecting much only because it was an all-inclusive resort, but in the end I was very pleased with the meals. The buffet breakfast in the mornings really set up the day nicely. The steakhouse at night near the beach had excellent meats. All in all, it was a very good experience.As far as not feeling well during the trip, this wasn't an issue. Just make sure to stick to bottled water and bring along some Pepto (just in case). A little planning goes a long way!My one and only complaint - the ATM machine in the lobby wasn't working, so mid-way through the trip we didn't have money left. We ended up stopping at another resort and using THEIR ATM to be able to get some cash for tipping (remember, the staff don't make a ton of money, so tips are nice).To have an ATM machine be the only complaint (and in reality, that is the fault of the bank responsible for that ATM, not the resort), I'd say the trip was beyond a success. I look forward to visitng them again one day.I would highly recommend this resort to anyone looking to have a good time!

A Great Find I found this hotel in a New York Times article about travelling in Europe on a budget. Housed in a beautiful old house, this hotel has been magnificently renovated with all the modern conveniences. The rooms were spotless, featured new beds, furniture and bedding, laminate flooring and large well appointed bathrooms. The AC worked great - which was a blessing considering the 35+ degree heat and the fact I had just spent a week in London where air conditioning seems not to have been invented yet. The walls were thin enough to hear movement in the hallways, but I never heard noise from other rooms, nor was there any noise from the street. Another nice touch was the complimentary postcards which featured a photo of the hotel building taken at the turn of the 20th century. The staff was friendly (all spoke english too), the snack and drink machine in the lobby was handy and the over-priced internet was useful (walk a few blocks to puerta del sol and you can find any number of internet cafes that charge half as much). For 50 euros a night for a double room (albeit during the hotel's low august season) this hotel was a steal. Im surprised after being featured in the new york times it wasnt booked solid. Moreover, the location is perfect, the Plaza Mayor right outside the door, and within walking distance (about two blocks) to Puerta del Sol, the centre of Madrid. I'd definately stay here again.

Excellent location, very good value for money The hotel is very well situated in a street full of shops and within walking distance from KaDeWe. The underground is just 100 meters away and the light railway not more than 400m. A tourist information office is in an alley next to the hotel. The room was spacious, warm and clean. The noise level was next to zero although the next room was also occupied. The breakfast buffet was quite rich and of good quality. Having visited Berlin just before Christmas, we were pleasantly surprised on the next day after our arrival to run across a Christmas market nearby. Berlin was full of such markets and we had the chance to see it in full Christmas spirit, which was a very nice plus for our trip. For non german-speaking persons, you must get used to the idea that foreign languages do not appear to be the strong point of Germans. Yet, they shall give it a try anyhow.

Great value hotel in an even better location Stayed with wife and friends for a long weekend at the end of July.Hotel is excellent value for money. Located behind its sister hotel, the Hotel Colon in the Gothic Quarter and only 200 metres from the Cathedral and 250 metres from the Via Laetana. The rooms were clean, spotless, well-decorated and appointed rooms but a little on the small side. The room plans shown on the fire escape diagram seemed to indicate that there were bigger rooms available, but unfortunately for us the hotel was full. Next time we will contact the hotel directly and arrange to be allocated a bigger room.Beds were very comfortable, air conditioning was very effective and shower superb. Towels were changed every day and sheets every other day.Any room limitation was more than compensated by the exceptional location, helpful and friendly staff and the excellent buffet breakfasts. There was even an in-room safe to store your valuables.We would recommend this hotel staying for 3-5 nights in wonderful Barcelona.

Good Value- clean, well-kept Good place for the price. It was a former Ramada and has at least as good of quality. Very clean and well-kept.

Thank-you 4 Seasons Paris-Your the best ! our living room

Solid business hotel near U-bahn My colleagues stayed at the Marriott downtown and I ended up at the Courtyard by Marriott for a recent business trip. Hotel is clean and updated. Wired LAN in the rooms is expensive, but access for 1hr at a time is free. The hotel is a short walk from the U2 U-bahn line, Spittelmarkt station. This made getting around town very easy. Workout room is very small with just a small selection of treadmills and stair climbers, but better than nothing. Hotel staff was helpful with maps and even have some jogging/running route suggestions.

Tres Parisien A delightful hotel with charm and ambience, certainly not a big box chain.Staff were charming and helpful, breakfast delicious and the location superb - Gobbelins metro is about 200 metres up the rue. Located in a lovely part of the city with markets, boulangeries and cafes all within a short walk.We were visiting in snowy slushy december, and the room was toasty warm and snug, with a great outlook over the street. The rooms and the fully fitted bathroom are typical traditional european (i.e. smaller than modern hotels) but beautifully redecorated.Christine, who runs the hotel, is a gem. Forget most of the stereotypes of les parisiens, they are for the most part, charming, graceful and very pleasant. The city just reeks of style and atmosphere.We would certainly return to this hotel.

Smallest Hotel Rooms Ever ! I don't know why this hotel still in business ! Heck the rooms are so tiny and you don't have space between twin beds and if you got a big luggage like me and my sister you will likely to have problems moving around the room. The only good side on this hotel is that it is near the MTR and Nathan Road and it pays of real well if you are really tired because of the long walk and in front of our room has Ice dispenser which came in handy at night when I need a drink of beer. Stay away from this hotel. You are way better off on other hotels near the area.

A Real Winner flat screen TV and desk

Go and enjoy yourself its brilliant This is the 3rd time in Dominican Republic and possibly one of the best.The best points of this hotel are the pool it goes on or ever. The entertainment team are fab Best are 50 cent Usher and Stephanie.The only bad comments I could make for our vacation is the 4th July meal on the beach. The whole hotel had to eat on the beach as they shut down all other restaurants. But there was not enough lighting or adequate seating. The evening entertainments is good the coral for kids and adults is great way to spend an hour after lunch when the sun is at its strongest.Bar staff are friendly look to be tipped all the time I only tipped good service. believe in tipping for the sake of tipping.The beach is excellent we went snorkelling most days on the reef the fish and coral are all here also went sailing all part of the all inclusiveGo to dreams and have a wonderful time

Good Hotel and Service A great hotel with limited food service. Just of Las Ramblas which is good as you escape the crowds but near enough to walk to any location in Barcelona. The rooms are very nice with everything you expect in a 4* hotel. will use this hotel again when i return.

Outstanding choice for Seattle Wa The Watertown Hotel is an outstanding choice for a place to stay in Seattle WA. Hotel is near Washington University. The rooms are modern, spacious, clean and comfortable. Hotel staff very helpful. Value is excellent. Weekday afternoons happy hour with free beer, wine, etc. Free shuttle service was provided to downtown tour buses and attractions. Lots of free private parking and an excellent security system for accessing room floors. Included breakfast was also better than most.

Very enjoyable vacation The Reviewers: Bob, 58, and Sharon, 48, American, well traveled in the Caribbean, Mexico, Costa Rica, Asia-PAC. Adventurous souls interested in new experiences, cultures, food, fishing, boating. Appreciate the lap of luxury, but equally excited roughing it in fly-in camps in northern Ontario or tiny fishing villages on Pacific coast. Extremely limited grasp of the Spanish language, but willing to make an effort.Arrival, departure, and transfers, Punta Cana airport / Excellence: Among the easiest ever experienced. Breezed through customs on arrival, $10 visa fee apiece, porters aggressive but manageable. Contacted the resort in advance to arrange a taxi, driver was waiting with a sign. Seventy five minutes, sixty bucks and a ten dollar tip later arrived at Excellence. The drive nothing to worry about, slaloming through the potholes, application of the horn as an occasional navigational aid, all fairly standard in our experience. You never really get going all that fast. Certainly less of an adventure than using a twenty to motivate a NYC cabbie to get you to JFK in time for your flight . Departure at the airport was similar, waved right on through. No requests for any sort of exit fee. Got to the PC airport two hours early to allow for whatever we figured we had to allow for, sat at the gate and cooled our heels for an hour and a half before boarding for home. Way easier than the typical confusion in, for example, Mexico City.First impressions and check in: The initial impression of the place suggests me. Not a lot of screaming opulence or showy heel-clicking, but the large, open lobby and manicured grounds clearly exude quality and the staff appear committed to customer service. The guy who unloaded our duffels find our name on his list of the (I had confirmed our room a couple weeks earlier), but left us with the impression that it a problem. And yes, they give you a little flute of champagne. At the front desk, we produced our credentials and the staffer disappeared momentarily, then reappeared, saying, step into my we slid down to a more private area of the front desk. We were then informed that the staffer was hoping to us to a higher quality and hinted that, if we were so inclined, he might be able to us this I replied that I was sure we could work something out. He disappeared again. Not being we had booked the el cheapo garden view room, and at this point it was obvious to me that given all of those away. We were going to be upgraded, and our friend at the desk was hoping to make something off the deal. He returned, saying, am going to do something nice for you, and perhaps you can do something nice for went on to explain that we would be in one of the walk-out pool-front rooms. I appreciated the entrepreneurial spirit, and had anticipated it, folding a twenty into my hand. I smiled, palmed him the bill, and everyone was happy. No one explained the Excellence Club program or tried to encourage us to sign up, fine because decided that for us. We fell in behind the bellman and headed for our casa. The room: We landed in 6001, which turned out to be the closest walk-out to the swim-up bar, an obvious advantage. The bellman gave us the rundown, explained how to use the safe, graciously accepted his tip. The room and its furnishings looked recently updated, and indeed during the course of the week we saw new cabinetry that matched ours being moved into several rooms. We checked out all the equipment to make sure everything was working, the only flaw being that the screen on the sliding door was too short for the opening and would fall off unless closed all the way. No problem, we unpacked. Everything was clean and in order, the room spacious, the shower had great pressure and volume, two-person jetted tub separating bed and vanity area. Vanity had a single sink, a double would have been more convenient, but since we were never in a hurry no big deal. The bed was about what we have come to expect in Mexico, meaning beyond firm to hard, but manageable. Being off of a corner of the pool, the room had a slightly larger than average grassy area beyond the small patio, which included two comfortable chairs and a table. Like other pool-fronts, we had a hammock. Despite proximity to the swim-up bar, the room was not noisy at the times we were there, and since that bar closes at 6 p.m., no problems in the evening. The location is close to the central hub of activity surrounding the lobby, so very convenient. A bit of a walk to the beach, but nothing important.The grounds: Beautifully landscaped, impeccably maintained. The larger pool meanders over most of the length of the resort, between the buildings and the beach, unique and beautiful. There are only a couple places where bridges cross, so it takes a bit of orientation to figure out your shortest route to get from point A to B. Pool and ocean water temperature seem pretty similar, guess around 80. Lots of lounges, beds, and floats, all in good condition. Never had a problem establishing a beach head. Other than the swim up bar after finished up at the beach, we use the pool. Adjacent to the drive coming in there is a small ecological park with gardens and a jogging track. This is worth a walk through, as the gardens are quite nice and you will find peacocks, wild turkeys, chickens, parrots, and all manor of bird life hanging out there. During our entire stay, we saw but a single mosquito.The beach: The beach is long, wide, and you find a scrap of trash. Numerous palapas to duck under during the one or two minute sprinkles that occurred on a few days. Lots of beds and lounge chairs. Some have described the sand as darker than the whiter Caribbean beaches. Yes, it is slightly darker, but pure and without rocks, shells, or other debris, a joy to walk in. Because of the remote location, you can trek as far as you wish in either direction without encountering another resort. There were significant breakers each day, fun to swim in if you like that sort of thing, which I do. In addition to the tidal surf, the wind was up each day, so there was a lot of wind-driven waves as well. I find any rocks or debris in the water, just a nice sandy bottom. The best rips for body surfing or boarding were at the right edge of the property (as you are facing the ocean). I did not find the water threatening, and there were always a couple guards on duty, whistling in those who were thought to be too far out. The low-rise architecture of the resort, together with the palms in front, makes the resort almost non-existent when you are on the beach, adding to the beach experience. Exiting the property on the beach, both right and left, you will find a few vendors who will try to hawk you into there little shacks, but certainly no more aggressive than Mexico, they will take no for an answer. For those to whom such things matter, topless women were frequently in evidence.The facilities, activities and entertainment: Other than excursions, we spent most of our days on the beach, thus did not do things like tennis, horseback riding, pool games, etc. Saw some of that going on, and the staff appeared to work hard to encourage participation and make sure those engaged were having fun. The bars we frequented were Kafe (at the pool), Martini (off the lobby), swim up, and the long bar which runs adjacent to the theater area. The theater area, where the evening shows take place, is pretty neat, with comfortable couches provided to watch the entertainment. All the bars had a nice ambience, and were good places to chat up other guests or the bartenders. Service was prompt and selection was very good. No, you find single malt scotch, but the Johnnie Walker, Bombay Sapphire, Jack Daniels, Absolut, several cognacs, etc. are there for the asking. Sharon had the Excellence Massage at the spa, and spoke highly of the facility and service. The spa runs daily specials, so make sure you check that out prior to scheduling, you can save yourself a few bucks. We paid $98 for a 50 minute massage, tip not included. There are several shops on the property, and local vendors are invited in a couple of times a week to set up in the commons area. We see anything we wanted to buy. As has been said in other reviews, Domingo on sax is a genuine talent, worthy of any club in Chicago or New Orleans. He played before and after shows on several evenings, and we could have listened to him indefinitely. Absolutely top shelf. A rock / salsa quartet played one evening prior to the show, they were forgettable. The two shows we saw were Michael Jackson and the circus. We were entertained and enjoyed both. We both really enjoyed the adults only aspect of the place.Restaurants and food: Let me start by saying that Sharon and I do a fair amount of scratch cooking and know good food, however, we are in no way food snobs and can enjoy a meal at Also, this was our first experience with an all-inclusive, so we really have no basis for comparison. With that qualifier, I will start by saying that we did not care for most of the dinners we ate. First night was the French place, I had rack of lamb and she scallops. The scallops were pretty good, the lamb, although prepared to my liking, was about the toughest ever had. I had a quality piece of beef (fillet) at Barcelona, but it had simply been fried, and tasted mostly of the oil it was fried in. Sharon had chicken breast which was so so. The shrimp fajitas at Agave were served with just the shrimp with onion and a few green peppers, and the tortillas, no guacamole, shredded lettuce, salsa, etc. No Mexican spices and way over salted, as was most of the shrimp we had at the resort. The grilled lobster at the Lobster House was decent, but the salad was bland, and what was billed as lobster and shrimp chowder tasted like beef broth mixed with Thai fish sauce. Sides in most places were a few alongside instant mashed potatoes, which do nothing for me. I had mahi mahi at the Grill, fresh but again pan fried with no imaginative spices or sauce. The buffet out on the patio Friday night was pretty decent, and a great atmosphere, with Domingo serenading us through the meal. The house wines served with dinner were passable, and we never went for any of the premium priced stuff. For desserts, which neither of us eat much of, the coconut pie at Barcelona was good, the brulee at the French place not good. Usually split a plate of fresh fruit for dessert, which was available in some of the restaurants buffet style. The building that houses the French place and Agave has no real atmosphere to speak of, too brightly lit and aging infrastructure. The Grill and adjacent Lobster House are outside, and these were charming, candles and towering thatched roofs. Barcelona and Tuscany share one large room with a divider, but the layout and lighting are ok. The breakfast buffet at Tuscany is very good, eggs or omelets to order, bacon and sausages, lots of fresh fruit, great selection of baked goods, we ate there most days. We ordered room service the two mornings we had early excursions, it came at the appointed time, the breakfasts were good, and hot. In summary, it struck me that the kitchen really have a feel for how food should taste. Presentations were nice, which told me they cared, but there was no real character to most of it. Also, there was no evidence of any sort of local cuisine, something of a disappointment since we go for that.Service and staff: Our experience echoed all the good reviews you have read. We never waited for a seat at any meal, meals were delivered courteously and in a reasonable amount of time, bartenders were attentive and engaging, concierge helpful and thorough. Our room was made up and turned down each day by a lovely lady whose name I unfortunately catch. I started out leaving her two bucks a day, but after the third day, when we came home in the evening to a hot bubble bath drawn in the tub and flower petals around the sink, I upped it to three. From that point we got twin kissing swan towels rather than the single sculpture, and lots of flower petals. Mini bar was refreshed daily. On the beach, our man Felix was always available, friendly, courteous, and engaging. He seemed to magically appear just at the time you were thinking about another Bombay and tonic. For a large resort, this is unquestionably the best service we have received, rivaling small boutique places we have stayed. The staff was as willing to chat and socialize as you wanted them to be, and really seemed to enjoy that aspect of their jobs. All understood English well enough to do their jobs effectively, and they seemed to appreciate our bumbling attempts at Spanish. We tipped freely but not more than a couple bucks at a time. We see many others doing this so never felt obligated. It was simply our way of saying thanks for excellent service.In summary, this is a fine resort where you really have no excuse for having a bad time. Despite the less-than-stellar food, we would not hesitate booking with Excellence again.

Comfortable, out of center, yet accessable hotel Alimara was an excellent choice for a week-long stay in Barcelona where one has enough time to explore the city and does not need to be staying right in the very center of town. The hotel is out of the city center in a mixed residential and business area, adjacent a busy motorway. The center is easily accessable by the metro, through the Mundet station just some 30 meters from the hotel. The metro takes you straight to the centar at Catalunya square in about 15 minutes ride. Try to avoid having a room overlooking the motorway as it can be quite loud if you keep the window open, oterwise with the A/C on, you can reduce the noise quite a lot by keeping it closed. The rooms very quite large and nice. Hotel staff were very friendly and helpful. Definitelly a nice hotel for stays in Barcelone longer than a couple of days for a great price (we payed 50 Euros for a double room, breakfast excluded).

Hilton Caribe Stayed at hotel over the New Year with my wife and son. Could not fault the service and cleanliness of rooms. We found that the food and drink was expensive in the hotel but if you walked into Old San Juan about 40 minutes, there was plenty of places to eat and drink. New Years eve party was great, paid a 100 dollars each and you could drink as much as you want in about 12 bars, nearly all with different types of music playing. The hotel is set in a great location right on the beach no problem getting chairs. Would definately stay there again maybe next New Year.

Really Nice This was a really nice hotel with friendly people, in a fairly convenient location near downtown Boston, very clean with good views from many of the rooms. The cost was very reasonable compared to other similiar hotels in the Boston area. Parking can be had for free IF you can get parked between the hotel and the bridge, which we were able to do quite easily and with no hassle. Just a 15 minute walk to TD Banknorth Garden, ( the old Fleet Center ) which is where we went to a WHO concert, just 1 night after Santana in Mansfield, to which this hotel offers easy highway access as well. We would certainly stay again without hesitation!! There is, however, not much life near here after midnight, even on the weekends, and please, please, do not under any circumstances order a pizza from the number they give you to call from the desk!! If you do, don't say you were not warned!!! Just a short walk across the bridge will get you to Maurissimos( or something like that ) authentic Italian restaurant, which was truly terrific and very informal. Staff there was extremely efficient and friendly!!

another priceline scam Just like every other Holiday Inn anywhere in the USA. Terrible Location, Front desk staff had a terrible attitude. The room was adequate, boring and the hotel had no personality. It was nothing more than a place to sleep in a great city. We were charged automatically for breakfast everyday and had to ask each day for the charges to be removed from our bill. Personally I think that's a little unscrupulous, we were also charged everytime we touched something in the mini-bar. I didn't say consumed, I said touched. Little insignificant annoying petty practices by the management make this hotel a place that I will NEVER visit again. If Priceline sticks you there, check your bill..

good hotel/good location Good deal on the room rate, great view, nice room, no complaints. We felt very safe there, good security. Near the UN, so it has a very international clientele. We would stay there again on our next visit to NY.

Great....But We stayed in this hotel as a result of a Priceline search....and were aware that it was difficult to access and was not a place to stay if you wanted to walk or use public transportation...like the T. All that was true.However, the rooms are great...ours had a view of the Charles River and all the rowing crews...a nighclub featuring Jazz...and a good if somewhat overpriced restaurant.

Outstanding in all respects Over the past couple of years, aging parent issues have taken me to Phoenix frequently, so I've had the opportunity to try several hotels in the metro area. After my most recent two-night stay, the Pointe Hilton Squaw Peak Resort is my new favorite. an with lots to recommend it.Our plane landed just before noon and, after a couple of grueling flights, my wife and I wanted to freshen up and eat a decent meal before seeing my folks. When I called the hotel, the front desk clerk was very helpful and confirmed that the suite they'd set aside for us was indeed ready, so we headed straight for the resort.Upon check-in, which was handled very smoothly, we were informed of the resort option package, which provides a number of amenities (including fitness center access, spa discounts, and local phone calls) for $2.25 a day. As Hilton HHonors members, we were also given two complimentary bottles of water.After freshening up, we headed to the Hole in the Wall Restaurant for lunch. This was a bit nostalgic for me, as I grew up in Phoenix and friends and I had frequented the Hole in the Wall at its original location in its early days. The food was (and still is) basic burgers, sandwiches, and quesadillas, but well prepared and reasonably-priced (especially considering in a resort). The service was also excellent.Thus fortified, we set off to see The Parents.Over the next several days, our two-room suite became our sanctuary. It included a separate living room and bed room, robes (without having to ask), a very comfy bed, the fluffiest towels I have used in a long time (at home or away), a balcony, a well-stocked mini-bar, and some of the best in-room coffee I've in a long time. While our room was in one of two multi-story buildings, the resort also offers casitas - single story structures away from the larger buildings and adjacent conference center.While the property has four restaurants, we only ate at the Hole in the Wall. However, we did use room service, which was also prompt, polite, and provided well-prepared fare.There are several pools available, including a small water park adjacent to the Hole in the Wall. And even though a fair number of kids were present at the hotel, it was overall very quiet.Plenty of free parking and easy access to the rest of Phoenix make this a winner in my book. Without a doubt, we will be back.

Decent place, close to airport I stayed one night while in town for a couple of quick business meetings. As my schedule was pretty full, I didn't get back to the hotel in time for the manager's reception, but I did pop into the bar for a bite. I recall it as being busy and loud (typical of a hotel bar). The food was OK, but the house wines left a bit to be desired. My flight out left early, so I didn't get to experience breakfast the next morning.The room itself was nice: large, clean and well-kept. The staff seemed pleasant and helpful enough.One oddity: the shared computer -- the closest thing to a business center -- is right in the lobby. That's not bad unless you have e-mail you really don't want people seeing over your shoulder. The other facet of that arrangement is that the computer is accessible to kids who tie it up for long periods either gaming or IM-ing their friends. And the hotel staff doesn't seem inclined to enforce the age restrictions too tightly.Generally, a decent business hotel for value-oriented travelers.

Decent hotel for the money I've stayed at this hotel three times in the last month. The people at the front desk were generally attentive and helpful, though the male bartender wasn't the friendliest guy I've ever had serve me a drink. The lady was quite nice.Overall, the hotel needs some sprucing up, as it's showing signs of wear. However, the rooms were generally clean with only modest wear showing. But be sure to ask for a room that doesn't face the atrium (where the pool is located) if you're concerned about noise.If you're a Priority Club member, the hotel provides coupons for a couple of drinks per night in the bar (99 Degrees), a coupon for a continental breakfast the next morning (add eggs and meat for a modest charge), and a cup of Starbucks joe.Be sure to get the AAA rate. The difference between the AAA rate and the standard rate is the biggest savings I've seen in some time.Convenient to I-17 and MetroCenter.

Nice hotel, convenient location The front entrace from the sidewalk on Canal Street

Would stay again My wife and I stayed here while visitng my elderly parents for Thanksgiving. On check-in, I asked about an upgrade as they had said they were pretty empty for the holiday. The room they gave us was larger, but it was more for business entertaining. It had an odd Murphy bed, the TV didn't face either a chair (there was no couch) or the bed, and it wasn't at all inviting. We went back to their standard room, which turned out to be just fine. As usual, the hotel gift shop items were overpriced ($3 for a bottle of OJ) but that's the price of convenience. And altough the CyberCenter off the lobby says Compliments of the Sheraton Crescent, the Internet services are not free as the word implies; they come with the usual charge, whether you're using your own laptop or their desktops.On the very positive side, all staff members were courteous and helpful, one problem with a slow-running drain was quickly attended to, the hotel was close to I-17 and MetroCenter (big shopping mall) and generally well-kept. Next time we're in Phoenix, we'll definitely look into the Crescent again.

Fine rooms, good location General Hotel: Very nice lobby, fast elevators, nice common areas.Room: Small, but one expects that in a downtown hotel like this. Bathroom was nice and fairly sizeable. Flatscreen TV comfortable bed.Location: Great for shows at the Citi/ Wang Center as it is right accross the street. Lots of restaurants in the area plus China Town a few blocks away. Subway about a 3 minute walk. Lots of clubs in the area which was annoying to us. TIP: On a Saturday night it was REALLY loud. Maybe with a room in the back it would have been better.

Outstadinng Hotel Stayed in this extremely well-located hotel in Oct 2007. I found the staff to be extraordinarily friendly and were incredibly helpful in handling a pickpocketed wallet episode. The lobby atrium was magnificent and the location could not have been better.The room was modern, well-equipped (except as noted below) and had excellent temperature control.However, the mattress on our bed was probably the worst I have slept on since my college days. It must have been 30 years old and sagged in the middle. How a hotel of this caliber could have provided such a mattress is beyond my comprehension.Another negative, was the lack of ice machines.

Ok, but nothing extraordinary I would like to start this review by letting the readers know something about the reviewer. I like new, contemporary hotels and tend to be comfortable in large business chain facilities. Give me a new Meridien, Westin or Marriott and I am generally pleased. While many find such hotels cold, I love them. I am not a B B person and quaint does not interest me. While I enjoy good service, it isn't usually a factor in selecting a hotel.For these reasons I did not think the Davanzati was for me. However, the gushing and extremely favorable reviews of this hotel kept catching my attention. I have never seen such uniformly highly favorable reviews of any hotel in any part of the world and finally decided to give the Davanzati a try.I expected to either love or hate this hotel. In the end, I found it be be ok without either loving it or hating it. I truly cannot understand the high rating so many others gave to the Davanzati.On the positive side, Tomasso and Fabrizio were all they were cracked up to be. They really went out of the way to accomodate us. Tomasso's restaurant recommendations were incredibly good and our meals at his restaurants were the highlight of our visit to Florence. Our superior double room was large, even by American standards. The room was quiet and the air-conditioning worked well. The king size bed was comfortable. The bathroom was large. The hotel's location could not have been better.On the negative side, we found our room to be dark and gloomy. The furniture (except the bed) was modest; almost spartan. The shower was awkward to use even by Italian standards and the bathroom was dark. My wife missed having a make-up mirror.I would consider staying at the Davanzati on a return visit but would also look for alternatives.

A Classy Hotel This hotel is top notch. A beautiful room with a view of the harbor and beach. Excellent dining facilities, excellent staff. I usually stay at the Hilton but between the pro-bowl and multiple conventions no openings where available. The Ilikai was a very pleasant surprise. No complaints what so ever.In conversation with the bar staff it was reveiled that the hotel is being sold as of April.

Ho-Hum What a boring stay. feeble tiny pool. questionable food service. Very clean. I don't intend to stay here again

Only if you must.... Not a great location.Beach is only for looking at, high surf and lots of rocks = I saw no one in the water.One elevator broken so wait times became long.Wireless Internet access was poor. It couldn't hold my vpn for more than a few minutes.Two days without hot water.My advice is to either pay the money to be close to Old San Juan or go closer to the airport near a real beach.

Beautiful facilities, inconsistent food/service My wife and I stayed at the IB four nights during our friends' wedding weekend. Our visit started great with very prompt shuttle service (through a private tour company) and a warm welcome to the resort by reception staff. We received an informative overview of the resort, a tropical beverage, and were invited to our room (1161) while our bags were handled by the bell staff. The facilities here are beautiful -- peacocks roam the grounds (more on them later), flamingos wade in ponds, the gardens are perfectly maintained, and the rooms are spacious and well-appointed. The fantastic pool is the focal point of the resort, but we spent most of our time on the beautiful beach with powder soft sand and crystal clear waters.Our only issues with the resort stem from our interactions with the staff and the food. First, reservations are required for the specialty restaurants at the resort (reservations are not required for the buffet restaurant). The guest services staff are unfriendly at best. They keep irregular hours and are very unaccommodating to large groups and changes to reservations. When attempting to make a reservation at the French restaurant, the staff person thought I said the Fish restaurant and gave me a reservation at the Mediterranean restaurant by mistake. When I went back to resolve the issue he refused to believe I said French and not Fish and by that time reservations at the French restaurant were not available. Of course, we found out later that the restaurant was in fact half-empty because so many people make reservations and then don't keep them. Thankfully, the Mediterranean restaurant was very good. The Japanese restaurant was not good. The buffet is expansive and caters to several nationalities' tastes, but overall quality was poor.Service at the restaurants was also spotty. Although the resort is all-inclusive, they don't make it easy to get what you want. Ordering anything other than the house wine requires a negotiation and at least a few requests.Other than our restaurant-related issues, most of the staff are energetic and friendly. The guys advertising resort activities on the beach can get a little too persistent and the impromptu performance art (for lack of a better term) are a little odd. For instance, out of no where one day a guy dressed as a peacock comes running down the beach chased by a guy dressed as a chef wielding a knife. The peacock grabbed my wife and hid behind her as the chef approached. Then they ran off to annoy other guests. Speaking of peacocks, they are beautiful and exotic, but they crow like roosters on steroids at daybreak.Bottom line, IB is a beautiful place. I recommend the specialty restaurants over the buffet, but make your reservations early in the day and avoid interactions with the staff for the sake of your blood pressure.

Walk to the airport from this gem. You can quite literally *walk* from the hotel to the airport's main terminal in five minutes.

Great Location This hotel was in a great location especially if you needed the train station. Everything within Florence that we wanted to see, was in walking distance of the hotel. The staff were always friendly during our stay. The breakfast was well worth having. If you do have the breakfast, try and sit outside on the terrace for more of an italian feeling to the morning.The room was basic (as we expected for the price) but clean. The carpet was stained however we were never really in the room other than to sleep, so this did not bother us one bit.The air conditioning was there all the time if we needed it, which was fab, as otherwise it might have been a tad warm.The area where the hotel is located is ok, but there was nothing really to see around it, so walking was always needed. We stayed on the second floor over looking the train station, however the noise never really became an issue, and the views were good from our window... If you can get a higher floor, then try, as i would expect the views to keep on getting better.

Loved the Hoxton We had already booked the Hoxton Hotel for our annual week in London, for August of 2007, however, we found an absolute bargain and decided to stay for two nights in July, prior to our main stay.Having stayed in many decent four and five-star London hotels I was a little concerned with the Hoxton being a mere three-star establishment, but my fears didn't last long. We arrived by the nearest tube (Old Street), practically the heart of the City of London and enjoyed a leisurely stroll to the hotel, taking about five or six minutes.The area surrounding the Hoxton could be said to be a little run-down, however we found the area to be relatively safe and otherwise nothing of great concern. As we approached the hotel it looked rather modern and to quote others, 'trendy'. We approached the check-in desk in the main lobby passing the bar and lounge areas. We were very efficiently checked-in and dispatched to our room. On the day that we stayed there had been a problem with the computer that controls the access cards and so we were personally led to our room by a member of staff. This problem didn't last and within an hour or so the cards were activated.As we entered our room from the ultra-modern hallway we found, what on first inspection appeared to be, a small room. However the use of space was excellent and we didn't struggle for room at all. The cleanliness, decor and quality of the room and fittings was of the highest order. The adjustable LCD television above the desk made viewing from the bed a delight. Inside the fridge we found a complimentary quarter pint of fresh semi-skimmed milk and two bottles of mineral water. None of those awful UHT thimbles here! The bed was pure heaven, the heavy and plump pillows were dressed in the same crisp white, and rather expensive, linen as the rest of the bed and the whole sleeping experience was divine. The en-suite shower-room was tiled from floor to ceiling and the shower itself was one of the most pleasant in the whole of London. The strong shower never struggled for either power or heat and made cooling-off on a warm July day excellent. Unlike many London hotels, the cleanliness couldn't be faulted. The towels are extra-large and very soft; we also found extra towels and two extra pillows in the wardrobe.The extras in this hotel were very important to us; the free Wi-Fi internet access was easy, nothing to set-up and it worked instantly and was much quicker than our home broadband connection. The complimnetary breakfast of a banana, orange juice and yoghut (all Pret Manger) was always delivered at the time selected by us. The fruit was very fresh and the yoghurt excellent.There is a sense of down-to-earth honesty here that I have never experienced in any of the many pretentious hotels that I have stayed in. The telephone calls are charged at 3p per minute for national rate calls, instead of the usual pounds-per-unit price that other hotels charge. There is also a shop in the hotel selling chocolate, crisps, nuts and drinks and all at newsagent prices. A can of Coca-Cola cost just 50p.We did not use the restuarant on this visit so we therefore cannot pass comment, we'll save that for our August review.In conclusion, we would now always consider this hotel as our first choice in London. It's excellence is beyond comparison with similar hotels.

Tired but Comfortable The Queen is certainly past her prime. The whole place needs a new coat of paint. However, the rooms are neat and clean, the staff was exceptionally helpful and friendly, the location is excellent, and the price is hard to beat. The Zoo is across the street and the beach is about a block away.

Excellent service, good rooms I stayed at The Michelangelo for three days in May 2007. I had an Executive Room, which was large, with a large walk-in closet, nice size bathroom, and comfortable living area. The bed was a bit on the soft side. I should note that the rooms here don't have safes, so you'll need to leave valuables in the safe deposit boxes. There were boxes big enough to hold a standard size laptop. The room was next to the service lift, and the noise from the lift and the staff using it was quite audible during the day but not at night. There was also some noise from, somewhere, that came through the vent in the bathroom, but this too was only during the day and went away if the door was shut. But there was no noise from the room next door.The service though was excellent. I called for a lan cable and it came instantly. I called to have some laundry picked up and again they came to the room right away. (The actually cleaning was only ok - but on my way out that evening, I asked the concierge to have the shirt re-done so I could wear it the next day - and it was re-done and waiting for me when I got back that evening.)I'd definitely stay here again and now have an alternative to the only other hotel that I truly like in NY (Sofitel).

Great Location, Great room We just returned from three nights at The London NYC. We had a very nice suite and our only complaint was that the sofa was not comfortable. The bedding was wonderful, the bathroom was large and beautiful. We had a tub with a shower though most rooms do not. Our room had no closed closet but had a nice separate open dressing area with enough storage space. Service was attentive from checking in to departure.Ordering coffee from room service is very expensive but there are lots of places near the hotel including Starbucks and Au Bon Pain. The location is wonderful for walking to Central Park, Fifth Avenue shopping, and theater. We had a summer weekend rate which was very reasonable.

An "Experience" Alright, this hotel was very good in some ways, but bad in others. Lets start with the bad. The hotel is extremely large and seems to be an epicentre for what is going on in Times Square. If you like to be in the middle of things, this hotel is fantastic, but if not, it is very crowded. It can be near impossible to get a lift up to your room from the street level because of the hundreds of people trying to get to the times square shows under the hotel. With it being a large hotel, I was suprised to discover the lack of restauraunts. There was one marriott cafe that closed at 8:30 (NOT HELPFUL, especially after wanting as much time out in NY as possible) and an extremely over priced show case restauraunt on top of the hotel, that revolved around in useless circles so that you could see NY, but really you could see nothing. The food served there was probably worth a quarter of the price charged, and had EXTREMELY slow service, which the waiter gave me attitude about and blamed in on another large group. Needless to say, I am an Australian and am not used to leaving tips at the best of times, so this guy was not going well. After that experience I left a very small tip and never went back. Be careful as they try to pull the trick of putting an AUTOMATIC 18%!!!!!!! surcharge on the bill if u have more than 4 people. We had 5, so the $500 bill for the trash we ate went up t0 590. Rediculous! Moving on. Being a large hotel, service was lacking slightly, and it took a long time to get anything. Putting that aside, it was a top quality Marriott. The room I stayed in was newly furnished, with new TV and had a fantastic view over times square. Saying that, LOCATION LOCATION BABY!!!! This hotel is fantastc. Right in the middle of everything, walk out the door and Times Square just hits you. A great place. So, to wrap it up. A busy hotel, but to expected in Times Square, bad food in typical marriott fashion, but a irreplacable location and a great room. It definately was an experience I will never forget.

Don't be in a rush. Enjoy Puerto Rico. Beach area

Good Location We booked a family holiday on the West Coast of US and stayed at Crowne Plaza Garden Grove, Caesars Las Vegas, Crowne Plaza Union Square San Francisco and Crowne Plaza Redondo Beach LA. I am a Priority Club member that is why my preference for Crowne Plaza. There were 7 of us in two rooms at each hotel.The Crowne Plaza Union Square is in a great location with the cable car stop just outside (Powell Street) and is close to great shops. The run to the bay isn't too bad. The hotel is a little old and could do with a refurb. We booked 4 months in advance and asked for adjoining rooms but ended up on seperate floors. OK but wouldn't stay again.

opulent comfort My family including 2 very small children stayed at the hotel during evacuation for Hurricane Ike and were on the property for about a week.It is located near uptown and its sister property the Crescent but is secluded on Turtle Creek. It is also not very well marked which, in this case, increases the feeling of being hidden in nature while still in the heart of Dallas. Other nearby features include a running trail and Love Field (5 min drive). One can easily walk to the tram and take it downtown to the museums and aquarium (which we did with our kids). The service was warm and polite. People were treated the same whether they were formally or informally dressed. The lobby always had fruit and refreshments or coffee out for guests passing through. The staff consistently expressed genuine concern for our well-being and ease.The rooms are going to be upgraded by 2009 so, if like one of the other reviewers, you like the patina of older rooms you'd best visit soon. I'd be excited to see the renovation, though, because some of the furnishings are showing a little wear. The rooms are not particularly large or small but well appointed and the bathrooms were handsomely done in stone and mirror with fine fixtures. Our room had a live plant and there were always fresh flowers in the public areas.The hotel is built onto an existing mansion providing a sense of history and authenticity. Great just to explore and walk through, it gives character other hotels will have trouble capturing. The dining room was superb with locally sourced Texas ingredients served in a french style. Every plate came out meticulously prepared with perfect temperature and doneness. The wine list has a wine spectator award which is definitely deserved, though there were few bargains on it. The waiters and sommeliers were patient and affable.The cocktail bar has an avant garde mixologist who prepares old school items like homemade tonic water for gin and tonic (highly recommended) and new school molecular gastronomy cocktails. The bar itself is a dark and cozy space with jazz music in the mansion area.The hotel's workout room was well-equipped with dumbbells, weight machines and several types of commercial grade cardio machines.One would not usually think of such a place as good for children and indeed the pool area is not large but our children were very happy with the amenities available and the old mansion to explore. There is no formal children's program but the concierge can easily get babysitters. Our children were quite welcome in the hotel. I would not hesitate to recommend the hotel to travels of any type because it can suit anyone.We were checked on in the dining room daily by the hotel manager, Duncan Graham. It's great to see a hotel being successful one relationship at a time. His presence was a difference from most hotels where the responsible parties usually hide behind the staff. We felt no concern was too big or small to discuss with him and he always seemed to have time to chat.Overall, we loved the hotel and recommend it highly.

Hostel type accomodation How anybody can say that this is an OK Hotel amazes me. The lobby is shared with a noisy slot machine arcade, the rooms are basic beyond belief (ours was directly uner the control tower) and the breakfast would have disgraced a youth hostel. If you feel that this is a worthwhile price to pay for convenience after a long flight, then OK, but check out other Hotels-there are plenty of decent international Hotels within a ten minute taxi rideof the terminal. Perhaps its only plus point is that it would be great for aircraft spotters. When I opened the curtains in the morning, I saw a Convair Metropolitan taking off. Didn't know any of these are still in service-it was the first aircraft I ever flew in-in 1957!

Airport Hotel with more! This is a great hotel for an overnight stop but also offers more if you want to stay a few days away from the noise and bustle of Victoria Island or Kowloon. The Novotel Citygate is five minutes from the airport on Lantau Island by free minibus which runs every 30 minutes. Check at desks A16 or B16 in the airport arrival halls. The hotel is new with very modern good sized rooms well fitted out with bar fridge, widescreen TV and tea and coffee making facilities. There is also a safe, iron and board and a hair dryer. They also supply a neat power plug adaptor kit - you can buy one for youself at the front desk. Rooms are very quiet and have nice views. There are two resturants, but can't comment on these as I only had breakfast which was very good. An out-door pool and gym are also available. The hotel joins the Citygate shopping mall which is full of factory outlet shops.Thru the mall is the cable car to Ngong Ping village and the Po Lin Monastary with a huge mountaintop bronze Buddha. Well worth the ride. Also in the mall is the Tung Chung MTR station. The ride into central Hong Kong takes 30 minutes. You can also take the MTR to nearby Disneyland.There is a bus station at the end of the mall near the cable car terminal where bus tours are available to the quiet beaches and small fishing villages around the island.Modern and well appointed at a good price, with more to offer than the average airport hotel.

Great value,good position Just back from 12 days in HK staying at the Kimberley. All the public areas of the hotel have been renovated, the rooms have been repainted and wall papered and the bathrooms have had a make-over. However the room furniture looks tired and the carpets need replacement, but everything works and the place is clean. Service is fine, the desk staff helpful and no supprises on the bill.Room sizes are on the small side but this is HK. Bed was hard but housekeeping supplied a soft overlay which improved things.When booking, include the breakfast option. The full buffet breakfast is great value. They also have an evening buffet dinner which is good and includes wine and beer.Position is handy in Kimberly Rd off Nathan Rd and a short walk to the MTR. We were on the 12th floor at the front and the room was very quiet. There is a 7/11 store across the road and a Welcome Supermarket down the street on the opposite side. Many small resturants nearby. Try the Nomad mongolian bbq.A good value mid-range hotel with no problems.

Check you bill and don't use the phone! For a five star hotel this is good value. We had a great room on the 16th floor overlooking the harbour. The room was a good size with comfortable beds and all the usual fittings - bar fridge, safe, iron, hairdryer etc. The general tone of the hotel was high class with lots of marble and gold chandeliers. \The buffet breakfast is good but get there early as not much is left by the 10 o'clock closing time. The Promenade Resturant buffet dinner is great value with unlimited softdrink, wine and beer for an extra $HK68. Book early as it is very popular with the locals.Check your bill carefully when departing as we were charged twice for breakfast. Also beware of the hotel telephone system. In Hong Kong local calls are free but this hotel charges $HK6 per call from your room. Also do not use a phone card with an 800 freecall number as they charge $HK30 per call onto your bill. Go down to the lobby and use the public phones for $HK1 a call. Fair value, nice decor, great views but check your bill and don't use the phones.

Near Perfect Place to Stay The York Apartment Hotel is a near perfect place to stay in Sydney. We booked a 2-bedroom deluxe apartment and was upgraded to an Executive Two Bedroom / 2 Bathroom on the top floor. The view from the beautifully furnished apartment and the 2 balconies was spectacular. The kitchen had a full compliment of utensils, etc. When a bottle of wine packed in my luggage broke in transit, I really appreciated the washer and dryer in the unit. There is a small supermarket within a block as well as several restaurants nearby. Although The York is within walking distance to many attractions, there is a train station around the corner that goes to most other places in the CBD (central business district). We bought a day pass that included the train, buses, and ferries. We took the ferry to Manly late afternoon, had dinner in Manly, and returned to Sydney at night with a fantastic night view of the city and opera house.

Wonderful Hotel My wife and I spent 4 nights the end of March. We stayed in one of the suites. The suite was very large and quiet. We enjoyed the space and the free water provided by the hotel in our refrigerator.The location could not have been better. We could walk everywhere. The hotel staff was extremely helpful. They could not do enough for us. The hotel even provided 2 computers for free internet service. The restaurant in the hotel was excellent and not pricey. We did not eat breakfast in the hotel since there were many options nearby.We highly recommend this hotel.

Excellent location and great staff - highly recommended We booked this hotel based on the reviews at Tripadvisor. The number and caliber of most reviews were amazing.First impressions count. My flight was scheduled for late evening, but it was badly delayed. I called the hotel before boarding. Their attitude made the first good impression. Receiving a warm welcome in the middle of the night healed most of the pain of a very delayed arrival. Gassim and Miriam are wonderful hosts.The location is perfect. Like many guests, I had an amazing view of the Duomo from my window. The rooms are spacious, comfortable, clean and very well maintained. The bathrooms are well furnished and very clean as well.Florence is a big open air museum and cultural centre. It is plenty of top fashion brands for serious shoppers.The overall stay and the outstanding service from the hotel exceeded all my expectations. Highly recommended!

Good hotel, excellent location December 2007 was my second time at Hyatt Regency San Francisco. The location is perfect to explore most attractions. There is a metro station and a cable car stop within a walking distance. The Port of San Francisco is across the road. It is one of the best views of Bay Bridge. Powell Street is within walking distance.The outstanding design reduces some room space. The hotel has not changed significantly since my first stay in early 1990's. Although the rooms had minor improvements, there is more to be done.The rooms are clean and comfortable. Wifi is available. The restaurant staff is very friendly. The breakfast is very good. The Equinox restaurant was closed, leaving me somewhat disappointed.

A great alternative to city centre Amsterdam My wife and I booked this hotel to be close enough to Amsterdam without the high car park prices and busy city centre.The railway station is adjacent to Golden Tulip. It is a ten minutes ride to Amsterdam Central Station for a modest fare.The rooms are the average size for the Netherlands, well maintained and clean. The wifi makes it a good choice for business travelers as well.The staff was very helpful and provided valuable information to help us to take the best of our stay. The Zaanse Schans park is a must. It is a short drive/bus ride or, ideally, by bicycle. The cycle tracks are excellent everywhere.

Absolutely Excellent! A mistake to stay anywhere else. I have been to Amsterdam many times, but for this trip I wanted something really special and happenstance led me to this site and the Seven Bridges! I have never been happier with a European hotel. Everything about it was great, including the location, the hotel and of course, the service. My girlfriend fell in love with the place as soon as she saw it . Together we have stayed in hostels, hotels and campsites throughout Europe, USA and Canada... but she was most impressed with this hotel. It is a warm, welcoming place and we both felt at home from the moment we entered the lobby. The flowers smelled wonderful, the breakfast was beyond expectations and worth every Euro. The room we stayed in (Number 10) was cozy, quiet, romantic and felt more like our own apartment than a hotel. I have stayed at the Peabody in Memphis, the Mariott in nyc and the Queen Elizabeth in Montreal, but the hotel I look most forward to staying at again is The Seven Bridges in Amsterdam. Don't miss it !

A good choice In. contrast to the previous review I found the staff very friendly and helpful and all spoke good English. One in particular spent a long time translating a menu for us. The hotel is in an excellent position and how quiet the rooms are will depend on if you have one by the street or inside. We had one inside which was very quiet but lacked a little natural light. The windows are tall but face a small courtyard with rooms above. If you want ventilation you will have to stand on a chair to open the top hung window although there is air conditioning. The rooms were clean but basic, i.e laminate floors instead of carpet but better clean laminate than stained carpet. The bathroom was fine but beware of sudden changes in water temperature when using the shower, also our friends in another room had to run the water for a while to get it hot.The breakfast consisted of cereals, toast,bread,fruit, juices, pastries , bacon and scrambled eggs. My friends and I thought it was ample and good value. There are safes in the rooms to hire for 1.5 euros a day. All things considered I think for a 2 star hotel in that location it was a good choice. You could easily spend a lot more and get a lot less for it. I was more than happy with our stay and think the hotel deserves the positive reviews it gets from the majority of posters.

We don`t usually do 2 star... We don`t usually do 2 star hotels but the extortinate prices of most things in florence made it a bit of a necessity. I rely a lot on the reviews from trip Advisor when making a hotel choice and so far I have not been let down. We booked this hotel based the previous positive reviews. The Europa is in a good location for most of the sights. We booked a suite which was a good size with nice furniture. The room was clean but dark due to having only one window facing in to a small courtyard, the plus side was that it was very quiet with no street noise, that is apart from the building work which started one morning at 06.30. To be fair we were out most of the day so it was`nt a problem. The room had air conditioning and a safe ( no Charge ! )The breakfast was very basic but enough to start off the day. There is a coffe machine but 4 out of the 5 days my Capaccino was luke warm. The staff were friendly and helpfull. There was nothing about the hotel which dissapointed me and I would reccomend it to anyone who would not usually do 2 star.

I would be happy to stay there again We stayed at the Metro for 4 nights at the end of March in a superior room. We asked for non smoking but on arrival we were told the rooms were smoking, but were brand new and would not smell. They did. To be fair to the check in staff we were told in advance we could change but after a very long day we could not be bothered and decided we would leave the windows open. I regretted this after the first flush of the toilet which wouldn`t stop filling up and flooded the bathroom. Fortunately I found the stop valve and prevented it flooding the bedroom. One call to reception and staff were quickly on scene. No further problems. Whilst on the subject of the bathroom, it was TINY, the smallest I have encountered in any hotel. Anyone sat on the loo would be instantly kneecapped by another person opening the door.As previously mentioned in other postings the breakfast is a nice touch. The chocolate muffins are excellent but you need to grab them as soon as you go in otherwise someone else will. The breakfast room itself is not very big but has an informal atmosphere. The all day coffee/ tea was also very welcome.The hotel is in a good location for most things. I agree with previous posters about Heartlands brewery just around the corner, good choice of beer and food. Also worth a visit is the place directly across the road from the Hotel Metro, Brendans I think it was called. Reasonably priced and not too far too walk back ! No complaints about the staff, ther were friendly and informative but one observation. I asked for a quote for a taxi back to Newark airport and was told 90 dollars including tip. I had used Carmel from the incoming flight which was 60 dollars including tip.Reception staff had not heard of Carmel and suggested if I booked a company from the phone book they might not turn up ? I`m sure there are better hotels in New York but the Metro ticks most of the boxes and I would be happy to go there again.

Great Place !!!! But.... It is a great hotel/apartment that has been recently renovated and it shows !!! I would recommend it to anyone, but...The location is good news and bad news....Good news is that it is located right on the Piazza Signoria 50 yards from the Uffizzi and Palazzo Vecchio and a couple of blocks from the Ponte Vecchio and Dumo...what a great location !!Bad news...it's located right on the Piazza...Italians (and everyone else for that matter) don't appear to go to bed at all...there were people wandering and talking and laughing all night. That would have not been too bad except that we needed to have the windows open because it was warm and the AC doesn't get turned on until June...so basically we didn't sleep too well...When the windows were closed it was great, the renovation and new windows cut the sound perfectly...but when they were open...That is the only bad thing I can say...if you want a hotel with a fancy lobby and a concierge then this isn't the place for you, but if you want to be right in the middle of it all, this is the place !!

I enjoyed to stay in Shinjuku Washington Hotel I stay at 24 th floor- view of Mt Fuji from window

Not my first choice I stay here regularly for business travel (at least every other month) and the only reason I do so is its close proximity to clients. I love the views from the rooms and the Rise Bar but the service has definitely eroded over the last year. Some examples from my last (two day) stay: (1) two days of cold showers and when I complained I received a simple really? with no follow up (2) the shoe shine service failed to actually shine my shoes (they just stayed hung on my door overnight even though I called ahead) and (3) the breakfast I ordered came 45 minutes earlier than I requested. This just isn't acceptable for this level of hotel.I'd suggest staying at the St. Regis midtown unless you absolutely must stay near the financial district.

little heat in the rooms/had to wear gloves I truly love the location, the staff, the food and the hotel!! I would stay here again but just not in the winter. I have stayed on several occasions and all was fine. It is just the fact that there was next to little heat. The staff helped me by changing the room but the second room was the same. It is my opinion only but I don't think the heating system can keep up with the cold or maybe they have single pane glass. It was 22degrees F. at night. I would stay again in the summer without hesitation but not again in the winter.

Very Nice, standard Hyatt fair Hotel was very nice. We had a semi corner room that could see the bay bridge. Ammenities were all there and standard fair for a upscale business hotel. One downside however was the rotating restaurant. Wasn't really worth it for the price and the wall was a tad dirty, so ever full rotation, we would see that black smudge on the wall. There are so many great restaurants in SF that I would recommend that you look elsewhere for either drinks or food. The bar downstairs in the lobby was also a bit wanting. Not too many people, and tried to be a little too hip for what it really was, a lobby bar.

We Had a Nice Stay....BUT, Not for Divers! View of Copamarina

Outstanding, but....... Anyone who would want to stay near the Ramblas in Barcelona must be under 30. It's little more than the longest souvenir strip mall in the world. Luckily, if you stay at Hotel Jazz, it's close enough to the Ramblas to be close, and far enough that you won't be bothered by all the vending. Overall, Hotel Jazz is well and centrally located.The interiors are modern, hard-edged, and hip. The only drawback is that the design of the hallways is also modern, hard-edged, and hip, and not furnished with wall-to-wall sound-attenuating carpet. That translates to NOISY. What with the staff slamming doors, insensitive guests slamming doors, and every child slamming doors, from 8:00 AM to 11:00 PM it's reminiscent of being in the middle of the orchestra pit during Tchaikovsky's 1812 Overture, complete with brass cannons.Outstanding breakfast. Nice roof deck with inconsequential pool.Fairly helpful staff who were unable to accommodate me with a mere two hour late checkout after a five-night stay.I would probably stay there again, but not before checking out the alternatives more closely.

Very nice. Good location, especially to get to the palace and the old section of the city. Quite far from the Prado, Reina Sofia and Retiro Park. I had a VERY small room with no view of anything (except other hotel windows). Outstanding breakfast. I would stay here again, but would assiduously research other options before doing so.

Only at the Drake What do you call a hotel that gives you the warmest, most genuine welcome you've encountered in your travels? What do you call a hotel where the staff are actually people you want to talk to rather than automatons that simply go through the motions? What do you call a hotel where the rooms have character in addition to four walls and a bed? What do you call a hotel that willingly gives you a laptop charger when you've forgotten your own? And what do you call a hotel that's more than a hotel; a place with a soul, a story and a presence all its own?I call it the Drake and as a guest who stayed there on the evening November 26th, I can see myself returning. And an extra congratulations to Jonathan at the front desk for helping create an outstanding experience.

Fantastic one of the pools

Comfortable Friendly Hotel in Excellent Location The first hotel of our trip to SW USA certainly set the standard. A great welcome after a long flight. Really friendly and helpful staff but we found the concierge service knowledge a bit patchy. The rooms are really nicely furnished and comfortable But the downside is the view ( or lack of it at the back) Definitely worth upgrading to bay view room. Excellent location On edge of Fisherman's wharf and with the cable car terminal a few steps away. Good bar and restaurant and bonus of free wine reception every evening. Would definitely recommend

Worthy of its Name I stayed at the Majestic more than 1 year ago, however I feel compelled to comment on this wonderful hotel after reading numerous other reviews.My experience with the Majestic was superb from check-in to check out. I found the staff to be very helpful. My room was a Jr. Suite with nice windows which opened to the Passig de Gracia - very nice feature. The amenities in the room were worthy of a 5 star hotel. The decor was modern and the room was very clean. The hotel fitness center is quite nice as hotels go. The equipment was new and the locaton on the same roof deck as the pool made for a very enjoyable time when finished. The views of the city from the roof top are oustanding.I did not eat in the hotel restaurants - however I did have some drinks in the off-lobby bar and again the service was incredible. I have no bad comments for this hotel - which in these days of travel is a fine statement about the service and facilities available at the Hotel Majestic. Outstanding.

A Fair Review of SJM OK, lots of negative messages regarding the San Juan Marriott on this board. Having stayed at this hotel approx. 20 times during the past 5 years, I feel I have some balanced perspective.My most recent stay was in April 05. The hotel facility was previously a different hotel (Diplomat) which was destroyed by a fire in the mid 80's. Marriott bought the building and renovated in the late 90's. Many of the ongoing renovations are replacement activities from the original hotel (such as old windows and doors). Prior to initiating major renovations, particularly to the rooms, both the website and the hotel advise all guests.I agree that during the past few years the service has been spotty. Sometimes good/sometimes bad but honestly more often good. I have never found any part of the facility (hotel, gym, casino) to be run down. In fact there is constant cleaning occuring in the common areas of the hotel.there The rooms are of varying size but I have never stayed in what I'd consider a small room. In the tower section of the hotel it is better to stay on floors 14 and higher because there is some noise from the lobby music - also the cabana wing is less noisy. The beds are very comfortable (soft mattress) and the housekeeping and overall upkeep has always been excellent during my stays.The pool area is quite attractive with nice landscaping, chairs, umbrellas and wait service for drinks. People who are complaining about excessive children most likely were visitng during school holiday time. I have not experienced an overwhelming number of out of control children at the pool. The beach area is public beach (city of San Juan) and not owned by the Marriott - however the hotel does provide chairs and umbrellas. The water is clean, particularly for an urban setting however there is a serious under-tow/rip-tide possibility at this beach - BE CAREFUL when swimming.The restaurants and room service are expensive - in fact I think more expensive than comparable restaurants in SJ. However in the immediate area of the Marriott (within 1/2 mile walking) are many restaurants from mid-range chains (Uno) to fine dining (Ramiros). There are also 2 Japanese restaurants within close distance (1 next to the hotel). I have never felt unsafe walking in the Condado area of San Juan - even late at night.I have found that in the past year, the SJ Marriott rates are almost always on the high-end (rarely less than $225 per night for city view room). In the past there were more frequent weekend specials and I've stayed for as little as $140 per night. For the current rates charged, there are other hotels in the city (Ritz Carlton or Intercontinental) which might provide a better experience for the money.Bottom line - if you're spending more than $225-250 and seek a true luxury experience then spend a little more and stay at the Ritz Carlton. If you want a relaxing stay in a clean, comfortable hotel with many options for dining outside the hotel AND you can get a rate of $225 or less, then I'd recommend the SJ Marriott.

Fantastic Hotel I stayed at the GH Singapore in August and have to say it was one of the best hotel experiences I've had. Of the many positives, location very near Orchard Road and overall quality/condition of the rooms are the most significant. Orchard Road is a 1/2 block walk from the front door of the GH. There are numerous shops, restaurants, malls all within 5 minutes walking - fantastic location. The rooms appear to have been recently renovated - as the decor is very modern/contemporary with fresh, clean, minimal design and such features as a flat panel plasma tv, wireless internet and plenty of room - large by comparison to other hotels.The fitness center and spa at the GH is also very nice by comparable hotel standards. All equipment is new, clean and would be appropriate for any fitness center. The spa facilities are also very nice with sauna, steam, whirlpool and roomy changing areas.Generally speaking, the service I experienced from the front desk staff upon check-in, to wait staff for room service, to fitness center attendees to my massage therapists was of upmost courteousness and professionalism. The staff really went out of their way to ensure my comfort.The only negatives to mention are the rather long taxi queue in the morning - at the front of the hotel. After a 20 minute wait on my first morning, I learned that hotel guests can prebook taxis the previous day - this information would have been nice to know. If you need a morning taxi then best to prebook with the bell staff. The second slightly less negative experience was with the checkout which was longer than usual - maybe 10 minutes due to a shortage of staff at the counter.The positives of my stay so far outweigh the 2 minor negatives that I will definitely stay at the GH Singapore on future visits.

Very Nice Hotel - Mixed Experience Just returned from a 4 night stay at La Concha and while overall very pleased, it was a bit of a mixed bag....On the positive side, the hotel facilities are beautiful, very South Beach inspired decor, outstanding pool areas, excellent lobby bar. The room (ocean view - 9th floor) was similar in decor - very contemporary. The bed was very comfortable with lots of pillows. The ocean view was fantastic from the room (if only there were balconies..) Each service experience was fantastic, especially Luis in the lobby bar who was very friendly. The bar does get very busy at night but it was staffed by 3 or 4 bartenders and service was good. The Fitness Center is very nice - all new equipment on par with a top line health club. The Valet parking was prompt and courteous.Check-in and check-out were prompt, efficient and courteous.I have traveled to San Juan more than 25 times and this was one of my favorite places - much better atmosphere than the Marriott. As a single traveler I find the Marriott way too family friendly (too many kids in the pool area for example) and there were noticeably fewer kids at La Concha.On the negative side, the air conditioner in the room had issues upon my arrival and also a few days later.. it would not keep the room cool. In both instances a call to the front desk and quick response (within 10 minutes) from Engineering fixed the problem. Also a little surprised to see some stains on the carpet and scuff marks on the wall (from the desk chair) . The windows in the room were also very dirty on the outside - there had been a lot of wind and rain and I know the outside windows cannot be cleaned everyday but nevertheless.. a bit annoying with an ocean view. As another reviewer wrote, I had a similar issue with the wireless internet - requiring use of an ethernet cable, which also had to be brought to the room. The room service menu was also missing from the room. It is odd that there is no hotel directory but not a particular negative for me.Regarding the construction - there were 2 mornings where the hotel-condos immediately next door were pretty loud with hammers, etc.. But the work was done during the day and if you weren't in the room during the day then not an issue. The noise was not noticeable in the hotel pool area. The hotel property itself was having some finishing touches - painting mainly - but not a difficulty or disturbance at all.The Condado area is undergoing a renaissance and while not there yet - it is well on the way to being a true destination spot.Final note - the Argentinian restaurant Uomo - about 10 minutes walking past the Marriott - is absolutely the best restaurant I've been in San Juan.. Fantastic...La Concha is definitely a great place and currently a good value (vs. other properties nearby) and upon completion of the condos and additon of the spa will prove to be even better.

Paris Is Always A Good Idea My son and I sent our Spring Break in Paris. For both of us it was an unforgettable experience. The staff at Hotel Royal Magda helped make that experience even more special. They were always helpful with direction or diner recommendation. The hotel itself was clean and well maintained. It is very cozy which we did not mind since we spent most of our time exploring Paris. We were only a few blocks from a centralized Metro station directly under the Arc de Triomphe. When our daughter is a little older we will definitely come back. Thank You Flore!

Far Out My wife and I decided to take a vacation to Seattle. Apparently, the entire population of North America had the same idea. The closest I could get to downtown was this SpringHill Suites. I wish we'd just chosen another city or another time.The suite was small, as with all such hotels of this sort, but was clean. As other reviewers have pointed out, there was some noise. The breakfast was excellent. The bed was hard as a rock and the pillows were abominable--even the replacements we asked them to give us. Free internet access was nice. Our main problem--it was a half- to three-quarter mile walk to any really decent restaurant. And the walk led through a questionable neighborhood. I was negatively impressed by the location, and would not stay here again.Oh, yes. We had a car (parked at $20 per night), but parking in downtown Seattle is a proble,, and quite expensive.

Okay design hotel does not quite hit the mark I stayed here for one night en route from Australia to Europe in July 2008. We got a good rate through the SIA Singapore Stopover program, but I do think the usual advertisted rates for the hotel are a little high for what you get.This is very much a hotel populated by young and beautiful guests. The room was of minimalist design, very small but perfectly comfortable, and the small bathroom had been laid out very well. The bed was comfortable. The overall design of the hotel reminded me very much of the Adelphi in Melbourne - right down to the glass-edged rooftop pool cantilevered over the street - but it comes off as a slightly pale imitation of that hotel. There is an awkwardness to the design: for example, you have to catch two elevators to get from the ground floor reception to the guest rooms. There are a number of bars and nightclubs located in the hotel, but my sleep was not at all disturbed by any noise whatsoever - the room was completely quiet. The hotel is also just a short walk along the river from the popular Clarke Quay dining and nightlife area (Singapore's main nightlife area for the young people, according to the taxi driver who took me to the nearby Asian Civilizations Musuem) and many other riverfront dining options on both sides of the river. We enjoyed drinks and tapas at the hotel's riverfront EM Bar in the evening, where you can watch the joggers puff past you and enjoy very reasonably priced happy hour drinks in a relaxed garden setting. In fact, this was the only relaxed part of the hotel - and the most enjoyable. A downside is that the hotel is quite a walk from the nearest MRT station, although taxis in Singapore are of course quite cheap and there are always several outside the hotel.In summary, it is an okay hotel but I think they are trying a little too hard for the artistic ambience that it claims to have. Worth trying once if you can get a good online deal.

Perfect "cocoon" for a Singapore stopover Standard twin room - 1043

Great Place The Renaissance LAX was a fantastic hotel. I arrived early from the East coast and requested early checking. The hotel staff was more than accomidating in helping me with this request. I found the property to be urban chic with great artwork, decor, photos, and lighting. The bed was great and the room was quite clean. I do get a bit annoyed with paying $17 for parking when most of the airport lots in the area have lower daily rates. They really ought to lower the rate for a guest. I ordered room service one morning and found the food to be delivered hot and fast. The menu was good for all diets and had a nice selection. Overall I found this place to be a fine choice for your airport hotel needs. It's also great for early morning departures from LAX. Give the place a try, you will not be disappointed. It's usually a few bucks cheaper than the Marriott that is a quarter mile down the road on Century Blvd.

Smart new hotel This was the second stay I had for business. I like this place mainly as the rooms are smart and modern (lots of glass walls etc) and the whole hotel has a good feel to it. Not too large. Staff are friendly and efficient. The breakfast buffet is well stocked and varied. both the rooms I had enjoyed views of the point. the location has its advantages and disadvantages - it's not exactly lively where it is. Not much around bar an expensive small shopping mall and a couple of restaurants - but being out of town could be a good thing. The office we were going to was in central and this was only 15 mins in a taxi.

charming We booked this hotel after reading the other reviews. Service was with a smile and was wonderful. Location is an easy walk to wherever you wish to go. Currently there is nothing to see or do around the hotel so it's very quiet. Others have written hotel descriptions with which we agree. This is not a large hotel but has plenty of rooms, good breakfast items and is very clean! Price is very reasonable at least this time of year, under $100 per night. Since I am claustrophopic, I was concerned about a comment someone else had, but I had no problem. Our King bed was in a space about 175 sq ft (small) and had a nice, large bathroom and closet on the otherside of a 3/4 wall. This is a charming place.

an excellent hotel Excellent location for a sightseeing stay in Florence. Owners Staff were most helpful, rooms spacious and excellently maintained. Would definitely stay there again and would highly recommend to family and friends.J A KennedyCork

great location we are 6 adults who spent 4 nights here in june. the location is very good. it is right off the st.stae vaporetto stop. there are two sets of directions given. the easiest way with luggage is to get off by the church. go down the street to the right of the church as you are facing the church. within 100 yards or less you will come to the first alley on the right. there is a sign with the hotels name on the building at the corner about 10 feet high. turn into the alley and the entrance is about 2/3 down the alley to the right. the other way in involves a bridge and steps. the hotel rooms are large , clean and with a large bath room. we had a triple , single and double and everyone was happy with their rooms. the included breakfast is continental but includes warm croissants , cereal, juice (the blood orange is very good) ,hot chocolate and fresh fruit. it is served in a nice little courtyard. the owners are very helpful and recommended three restaurents that we enjoyed. the favorite was on a bridge and called ponte monegio (or something like that) it was by a canal and you could watch the gondollas go right by your table. more important the food was very good and reasonable. one other restarent specialized in non meat dishes (zuccia) and it was very good and reasonable. all three restaurents were close and in local neighborhoods with few tourists.(mostly locals) . the hotel is in a non touristy area and is quiet at night. we saw both murano (great shops and much prettier town than i expected) and burano(very beautiful with all the houses brilliantly painted in bright colors.) both islands ware less crowded that venice and had many shops. go to st marcos at night to see the church and dodges palace. instrumental groups with vocalist compete at different restaurents for customers. music is great as is athmosphere. beware food/drinks are high but great experience even if you just want to walk around. hotel is in good location for water bus and to walk to all of venice. the owners were great price is one of best in town. double 135 euro triple 155 euros single 100 euros. if staying longer than 2 days get 3 day water pass . it includes trip to islands but not to airport. we took bus (30 minutes 2 euros)

Very Good Business Focused Hotel I stayed an entire week at the Hotel Arts for a business meeting. For that purpose, the hotel was very good. If I was visiting Barcelona as a tourist, I would probably look for something a little less sterile. The staff are very attentive and friendly. It's one of those places where the staff won't give you directions to the elevator, but rather they'll walk you there and press the button for you. I arrived at 12:00 noon. There were queen bedded rooms available, but I wanted a king. The hotel called my cellphone around 2:00 to say that a king room was ready. They gave me a corner room that faced the sea. The room was long and narrow. It had a very nice bathroom, a desk that faced the marina, a king-sized bed, and a couple of chairs. The desk wasn't very comfortable for working. The bathroom had a bath with a hand-held shower; a toilet room with toilet and bidet, a shower, and a double-sink. The shower was like a high-pressure car wash. It had a fixture in the ceiling, and then two fixtures on the wall. The wall fixture jets were piercing so I used that only once. There was every sort of imaginable toiletry -- the normal things like shampoo, body wash, bar soap, mouthwash, etc., plus a comb, cotton balls, q-tips, a toothbrush and toothpaste, a razor with shaving cream, a sewing kit, a nail file, etc. The room has a lot of technology. There is a Bang Olufsen television/stereo system. By today's standards (and considering what they spent on that set-up) the television was small and hard to see from the bed. There was no alarm clock (at least I couldn't figure out where it was). The furnishings were very nice, although I found the bed to be uncomfortable. The windows in the bedroom had shutters and electric blinds that could completely darken the room. The room had pretty much everything you would expect -- hair dryer, in-room safe, iron/ironing board, robes, etc. The minibar was well stocked -- although with not much to eat, and what was there was really pricey. I probably spent about EUR50 and consumed two bottles of water, a shot of vodka, and some crackers. Speaking of pricey, wifi is EUR25/day + tax. That's outrageous. Wifi appeared to be free in one hour increments in the lobby. The room lighting was kind of crazy -- there is a master control by the door and another on the nightstand. The switch labels are such that you can't quite figure out which is which without trying them all. For example, the switch labeled the living room operated the lights at the door; and switch labeled the salon operated the lights in the bedroom. The room was very nice, but the carpet had some dark stains, as did the wallpaper. The windows were dirty, and there was lots of dust. From a location perspective, the views are beautiful -- the sea, the city, the architecture. However, it's a long walk into the old part of town, or to see most of the major Gaudi attractions. The metro is close and taxis are plentiful. The pools appear very attractive, although it was in the 60s while I was there, so I didn't venture out (neither did anyone else it seemed). My room rate included the breakfast buffet. There was a lot of variety and the service was attentive. While I read the news on my cell phone, someone offered me a newspaper. I also partook in drinks in two of the bars. The drinks were expensive (EUR12+), but the service was attentive. The furnishings were comfortable, and it was busy well into the early morning. I also dined in Arola. The service was very good, as was the food. There was live music. All-in-all, the hotel was as I expected. It seems to cater more toward conferences and business meetings. The service is attentive and the staff are helpful, without being snooty. The room rate wasn't that bad (EUR300/night + tax), but I did feel a bit nickel'd and dimed.

A gem in the heart of Florence Have stayed at this hotel 3 times and have also sent friends there. It is in a quiet street (trust me you want that in Florence) and from the front looks unexciting. But once inside it is quite lovely, great rooms and super service.It is an old convent and much more interesting than any chain hotel. Good value for money in Florence.I would stay there again without doubt.

A great hotel in a great location Just got back from NYC and spend 3 nights at the Kimberly. We were most impressed. Good rooms with great space and fantastic beds.Location is great. We ate at O'Neills the steakhouse joined to the hotel (they also serve breakfast). I had the best steak I have eaten in years and superb service. I would highly commend both the hotel and restaurant. As and earlier reviewer mentions, if you are looking for modern chic this is not the place as it is a very traditional hotel. All in all a great place and one of the biggest suite we have had in any hotel. They also have access to a local gym and health club which was a nice bonus.

Geat hotel, iffy internet Booked the hotel through Booking.com which gave us directions to within a few blocks, not fun. We didn't blame the hotel and they were very nice when we entered. Room was overpowering with a lemon scent when we entered but it soon dissipated. I think the maid service was a bit flamboyant with their sprays. Anyway, great shower (very important) and very clean room. Bed was comfortable. Our only issue was that we were on the seventh floor beside the service elevator which seemed to run all night. Parking was in the basement (room for about seven cars) and cost 15 euros a night. About a ten minute walk to the nearest tourist bus ( must!!) for tripping around the city. Neighborhood felt very safe when walking it at night and plenty of good restaurants around. The internet wireless connection was a bit dodgy. I had full signal but some sites like Yahoo.com and Boston.com were blocked for some reason and there was no help in sight. Still, I wasn't in Barcelona to se how life was at home so no big deal.

Hard to beat. Stayed August 2007. Arrived from Treviso airport by bus. A five minute walk over two bridges gets you to the hotel if you arrive this way.Fantastic location, close to a vaporetto bus stop, gives easy access to everywhere. The hotel and its staff are superb. It and they made the stay unforgettable. Well worth asking for restaurant advice. We were asked... A good view, or good food? We chose the latter and they did not let us down. The hotel was comfortable, clean and welcoming. If you can, stay here.

Pleasant surprise -- nicely updated, well kept modern hotel! I was in London recently on a 2 day business trip and decided to try out the Apex based on the Tripadvisor rankings. The location was very accessible to the Tower Hill tube station and is walking distance to both the Thames near the Tower Bridge as well as the London Financial district. The check in and check out was prompt and professional. I went up to my room and was really surprised at how updated, clean, and well-kept the room was. The room was decorated in a more modern style, had a king size bed,as well as a small couch. There seemed to be a real attention-to-detail given to the room, everything was crisp and there were no signs of wear-and-tear of any sort. Small touch, but I appreciated that the shampoo, conditioner, and hand lotion were in slightly larger bottles than hotels usually provide. Also loved the Apex-branded rubber ducky that they provide in the bathroom as a courtesy.Overall the experience was a really positive one--I look forward to returning in the future. The only shortcoming, if I had to be picky, is the hotel bar if you're looking to meet up with friends or colleagues. The hotel is located on a side-street that doesn't seem to be well known by the Londoners that I spoke with, and the hotel bar and lobby area doesn't necessarily have a huge wow factor. The night I was there we decided to go to the nearby Gouman Tower hotel bar (walking distance) for after-dinner drinks that includes a wonderful panoramic view of the Tower Bridge all lit up at night.

Old world charm with modern touches From the facade, the Cremorne point manor looks like something from another age. Old and imposing with long balconies which frame the facade. Inside it's a different story. The rooms are modern and sleek. The bathrooms simple but functional and the staff are lovely. This is a great little hotel in a secluded part of sydney. There is no hustle and bustle but all of that can be reached by a 10 minute ferry which drops you right in the centre of town. Also the ride over is the best $5 boat tour of sydney harbour, taking you past the opera house and the harbour bridge. fantastic hotel and very rasonable rooms (we stayed in the small but functional rear rooms). There was no A/C but they said the better rooms all had A/C. (shame I was being cheap)

Interesting... large rooms - club upgrade - good food - efficient - great architecture - bright colours - huge corridors - interesting stay

Great hip "budget" hotel Budget pricing in New York is different than other cities.The QT represents good value in this city - my room was spacious - the shower great - bed magnificent - and beigels at breakfast - great!Staff were very helpful.If you really want to pay $300 more per night for a few extra shelves in the room - go ahead - but the QT is fine for me.

Funky Bargain-Priced Gateway to SOMA For the price, this is a gem -- half or less than hotels blocks away with free parking and Internet access and a very friendly and responsive staff. The Americania has been remodeled in a funky, mid-century decor with a touch of deco and even a funky onsite hamburger joint called Custom Burger as well as an exercise room and outdoor pool.The good price is probably a product of location. The Ameritania IS a couple of blocks away from, SOMA's cultural attractions and into somewhat marginal territory in terms of street folks and such. But we were never made to feel uncomfortable. The one other drawback is a less than perfect air conditioning system, but the room windows open so there is a fresh air alternative that most hotel rooms lack these days.

Fantastic location and service My wife and I stayed here on a Saturday evening due to having a work Christmas party. We ended up getting the room for $183AUD including overnight parking (unlimited entries) and for this price in Sydney we weren't expecting much. We were pleasantly surprised at the room as we had stayed in much worse for a dearer price. The room was very clean (and looked new I might add), bathroom was adequate as well.The room has everything you need - a safe, TV with a couple of foxtel channels, iron, tea/coffee and in-room internet (but really pricey at AUD$22 for 24hours - an internet cafe is the best bet) and of course a bed. Even the wardrobe seemed to be larger than other places we have stayed at. Some people have complained about the size of the bathroom, but it was big enough to do the job! Unfortunatey we didn't spend too much time in the bathroom so it didn't worry us one bit. In regard to the view, there was none!! We were looking directly at the building opposite and we could see the street down below (pretty uneventful really), but for the price we paid we weren't complaining.We did have a couple of dilemma's with the room and they were:*The toilet half flush button was not working at all, meaning we had to use the full flush all the time.*We noticed what looked to be mould above the shower on the ceiling (hard to describe but the ceiling in our shower was not flat)*I had a hole in my bath towel*no fly screen on the opening windowWe did mention these on the checkout questionaire so hopefully these will get resolved.I must thank the night person who brought up the first aid kit at 1230am. I managed to get scratched pretty bad and they came up straight away and patched me up!

Good location but will not stay again My newlywed wife and I stayed here on our first night as a married couple. Actually we stayed here for 3 nights (we booked a special package - stay 3 pay for 2). We arrived after our wedding reception at approximately 12.45am and we were checked in straight away. Our bags were brought up to our room by the bellboy - fantastic.When we booked the room we made a note to the reservations office that it was our honeymoon and we had requested either a harbour view or a floor high up. We ended up with the latter (approx 15 floors up from memory). The view was ok and if we looked to the very side of our living area we were able to see a glimpse of the harbour bridge. Lucky for us if we looked into the reflection of the windows of the hotel opposite we could in fact see the harbour.When we had settled into the room (approx 20 mins later) I phoned reception and requested a bottle of champagne or wine be sent up (because I was assuming this would be included already and 'waiting in our room'). We were expecting a no problem sir it will be up shortly but instead we were cut off and were told that we would be receiving a call back from the night manager. About 10 minutes later the manager phoned back and said sorry we are unable to offer you any champagne as you did not request it when you booked. WHAT? AM I HEARING THIS RIGHT??? We could not believe what he had just told us!! To be denied this on your own wedding night really got us down. I mean we have had friends and family stay in cheaper accommodation on their own wedding night and they even got a surprise in their room (strawberries AND champagne). But for us we got NOTHING. Only a room on a supposed high floor. We really felt like we were staying in a motel at this point on. Because thats how we felt we were being treated.Don't get me wrong, the room was lovely and spacious, bathroom fittings were ok etc. The location was great as well (5 min walk to Circular Quay, the Rocks etc). We would not stay again though and I would definitely NOT recommend it for honeymooners unless you ensure you email the property 1 week before checking in to make sure you get your complimentary bottle of champagne, even though they will probably try and charge you for it!!!!! How ridiculous...

Thank you Metropark My wife and I stayed in a Parlour suite room on the 31st floor for 7 nights in June. I can quite honestly say it was the best hotel we have ever stayed in and the views of Hong Kong from our room were just indescribable. It was a simply wonderful experience throughout - cannot wait to go back!! Thank you Metropark.

Almost Everything a First Class Hotel Should Be On a business trip in Boston's Financial Center I found the Intercontinental to be excellent. The meticulously-clean and spacious rooms, clever layout and amenities, splendid views and superb business location made it a perfect choice. The only negative was the absence of a hotel directory identifying the hotel amenities - the fitness center and other facilities. When I asked the concierge about a directory, he advised that it was on one of the television channels. During my stay the television channel was off the air although there was a general Boston tourist channel and a hotel events channel, but no directory on any channel. As a result I was unable to identify or use many of the amenities at the hotel.

Superb Hotel in every way The Hoxton is a superb new 4* Hotel on the border of Shoreditch and Hoxton in North London.The rooms are funky and modern with excellent facilities within, no view as such but that wasn't much of a problem to us.The hotel has a great bar that serves superb cocktails by friendly staff. Locationwise, the bars and clubs of Shoreditch are 5mins walk, Brick Lane is 15mins walk and Old St Tube Station is 5mins walk.For value and quality I've not found a hotel in London to match it, and I'll be hoping to use it pretty much every time I need to stay in North London from now on.

Ditto the Rest of the Reviews! I'm not going to repeat everyone else but you can't go wrong with a Club Room and access to the lounge - price includes ALL drinks and food throughout the day in the Club Lounge and the Club rooms are amazing.

Great hotel This hotel was great value for money. Much like UK Travelodges the hotels was no frills but clean and tidy with a good size room and bathroom. There was also a microwave, good size fridge and dishes that allowed for basic catering. Also there was a iron and ironing board, as well as all other comforts that you'd expect in a hotel room.The hotel was a 10 minute walk from Central station and a 25 minute walk to Circular Quay. All the main attractions were in easy walking distance. We would definately stay here again.

Nice hotel My wife I stayed in Hilton Broad St for 4 night's last weekend enjoyed our stay. We arrived at Boston Logan at 3:30pm and got a taxi to hotel, cost was $25 incl tip we were checked in by 4:45pm.Check inn was prompt, staff were friendly and we were happy with the room as it was a good size, incl all mod cons you would expect for a 4**** hotel.We did not have breakfast but did have food in the bar a few times and it was good. The location of the hotel means that restaurants, shopping etc is within walking distance away and there is a taxi rank outside.Overall we had a good time in Boston and would stay in this hotel again.

Nice hotel We stayed at Langham Place for 3 nights over a weekend and were pleased we chose this hotel.All the staff were very friendly and were happy to assist in any way they could.The room was modern and clean with a fantastic powerfull shower, however we found the room to be on the small side as we expected a larger one for the p/n incl breakfast we paid.We dined in Ming Court on our first night and had a great meal, we were surprised at how reasonable the food cost when I recieved the bill.The Shopping Mall next door has a good selection of shops, cafes and restaurants and you can go there from the hotel via an enclosed walkway.We found the best shopping to be in Causeway Bay. If you dont want to use the subway station at the hotel a Taxi from hotel will cost HK$80 incl tip one way.We did not use the hotel spa or pool but they looked great when I went to have a look around.The Bar was busy and had some good live music and there was happy hour each evening between 18:30 20:30 where drinks were 2 for 1.Free Internet with 6 Laptops was available at a location near the bar and a large Flatscreen TV to keep you up to speed on World News and Sport.The only problem we had during our stay was coming back to our room in late afternoon to find the room had not been cleaned.Each morning we left the room at 09:30 and pressed a button to request room to be cleaned so it was dissapointing to find room not cleaned on our return.I mentioned this a checkout and even filled out a form so I hope this problem will be sorted out.We had a great time at Langham Place and would stay here again when I next visit Hong Kong.

Live4Hawaii This was our second visit to the Island Colony and as we expected it was a great experience.From the check-in personell to the maid service everything met and even exceded our expectations.Steve (front desk) was wonderful. He helped us with anything we requested.The parking garage is probably the cheapest in town, $10.00 a day if you get a form from the front desk that shows you are a guest, otherwise its $18.00 a day.There is some construction going on but we never noticed any noise, we were on the 36th floor, a beautiful view.The beds were comfortable and NO ROACHES on either of our visits!Yes, the bathrooms are a little small but what do you want, a dance hall? They get the job done, tub,toilet and a sink. Some people expect the Ritz for the price of a budget hotel. We paid $67.00 a nite and I believe we more than got our moneys worth!When you go out to eat you have got to try the Galaxy Steak House. When you leave the Colony, turn left onto Seaside, go to the light (Kuhio), turn left about two or three blocks then cross the street. Its on the second floor next to Mad Dogs. They serve a breakfast for $2.75 and dinner for $11.95. Dont order the buy one juice get one free, the juice will almost double your bill. There is a character on the sidewalk out front name of Dave. He is a hoot, really funny guy. Tell him Jon from Harrahs sent you, he will get a kick out of that.Another good but pricey restaurant is Mateos on the corner of Kuhio Seaside, excelent Itialian. For 3 of us it came to $100.00We are coming back in September 2008 and will definitely be staying with our friens at the Colony

Loved El Con I am struck by the contrasting posts on this site and having just returned from a very pleasurable 4 night stay at El Con I still don't see much down side. Yes it is expensive. It's that kind of resort. We (4 adults) read the reviews and avoided some mistakes that others made: We booked on line through Expedia and got a deep discount on the rooms, got lucky and were upgraded to the main hotel with a spectaclar view of the ocean. We also booked a car on line and it was waiting for us at San Juan Airport. Big savings on just the bus trip alone. We spent most of our arrival day touring Old SJ and had a nice dinner at a quaint restaurant. We also went off campus often not just to avoid the high prices at the resort but also to taste local cuisine. We had stopped at a supermarket and picked up a few things as we were not interested in 3 squares every day. This resort is more expansive than any I have ever stayed at, by an order of magnitude. I played a round of golf - a little pricey at $165 including cart - but coming from the cold northeast worth the price for a round of winter golf. The course is carved out of the hills and with nearly every tee box elevated to nosebleed heights spectacular views are the norm.Tip: Lower the bar of expectations when traveling in the Caribbean and don't sweat the small stuff. It makes no sense to let little things upset your vacation.

Not bad at all for a night I stayed in the hotel for a single night after one of my flights was canceled. I thought it was fine; comparable perhaps to a Red Roof Inn. Everything was spartan but clean. I got the room for only $50/night (including taxes and fees) on Hotwire, so I'm more than happy with the result.

Perfect Location! You cannot ask for a better located hotel in Barcelona. The Le Meridien, is centrally located on La Ramblas - the street that never seems to sleep in Spain, yet is a few meters off the road so that you never hear any sound if you don't want to.Really nice rooms. I love European stying so I enjoy these rooms - they are a bit small for the price but quite chic. Big 42 inch plasma in the bedroom and another smaller one in the bathroom. The room I am in on the club floor has a lot of funky recessed lighting and if I had one complaint its that even with all the lights on it's not very bright at all. Opening the curtain does the trick but then you've got a bunch of houses looking into your room.Stay here if you plan on going around town and yet need someplace safe to come back. Barcelona is notorious with pickpockets and this hotel is probably one of the safest places to walk back home without a hassle (since the street is always crowded). It's also perfectly located, the central square is a 2 minute walk away and from there you have every conceivable mode of transportation around town. I chose the hop on hop off bus that departs from there - buy the two day ticket, it's great value at 23 Euro. Overall, nice hotel, nice service and location location location.

Perfect Location - easy to stumble back! Given the multitude of vices available in Amsterdam, this hotel is ideal! You can stumble home using any transportation medium - your two feet, the train, tram, canal rides, subway or taxi!The closest hotel to Amsterdam Centraal Station, it has a subway and taxi stop right outside and super attentive bellmen and concierge's who can arrange tickets to just about anything you need (I chose to watch an Ajax Amsterdam soccer match).The rooms are not much to write home about but when on holiday that's the least of my worries. I'm up and out early and back late, so as long as I have a comfortable bed, I'm fine. Probably the best part about the hotel is that it is extremely safe. Located just outside the Red Light District and in the center of all activity, when inside you are cocooned from it all. You do pay a price for the location and the safety though, but in my opinion it's well worth the added expense. There's another NH which seems pretty nice as well, a couple of km down the road, right next to the main square with the year round fair and outdoor eateries. When I'm in Amsterdam next, I'll make sure I try that out as well.

Great Business Hotel The Marriott Frankfurt is a great business hotel, centrally located near the railway station and major roadways in Frankfurt. It is also situated in the tallest building in town, though in all honesty the views of the city, while panoramic, are nothing much to write home about. What I liked about the Marriott was that it was easy to get around town from. The parking though was ridiculously expensive, 10 Euro each time you parked! Keep in mind that in Germany there are parking spots reserved for women so make sure you park in the right spot! Another point to note is that a couple of wrong turns from the Marriott (very easy when your GPS talks to you in German) and you find yourself in this huge red light district, not the ideal place to be with family around. By and large this is a nice hotel though, decent rooms, though a little worn, but good food (nice sports bar and coffee shop) and excellent location.

Yes, it's all true Yes, it is a fantastic deal. Good location. Parking. Outstanding price. Helpful staff. Very clean, fresh-smelling room. Frig and microwave. Many nice touches. Good restaurants and interesting shops nearby. Will definitely stay there again.

A few quibbles I agree in general with the many positive remarks. The following are some concerns we had:Check-in was very chaotic. This may have been due in part to the large group of alumni for a football game. But we were very frustrated.Breakfast service in the Kabby's sports bar was extremely slow. It was almost as though they were trying to make sure that we ordered the buffet the following day. (We did not.) Service in the evening was much faster despite being a lot busier. Prices seemed high to me.We also ate twice at Drago's seafood restaurant. My companion had chicken and pasta dishes both times. She said they were both good. One time, I had gumbo. I found it thin and super-salty. The next time, I had what I would call Thai oysters - coated in peanuts and red pepper. It was good. Service was good.

A good deal in Honolulu view from my room

Good deal in Sydney room 1718

AMAZING! This hotel is incredible! The exterior of the hotel looks like what you'd expect from a Comfort Inn, but that's where it ends. The lobby is immaculate, the staff is smiling and friendly and always quick to offer service. The furnishings appear new both in the lobby, the hallways, and the guestrooms.The hotel itself is located on a busy street which makes public transportation very convenient. Multiple bus lines stop within a block of the hotel and connections to other buses, streetcars, cablecars, and trains is simple. If you're a cab-taker, don't call ahead. Just step out the door and wave one down (it's much faster that way). Fisherman's Wharf is within easy walking distance. Lombard Street (world's crookedest street) is only four blocks away, but it's uphill all the way and the climb would challenge a mountain goat. Best of all, the hotel is off the touristy path. The surrounding area is almost entirely residential, so it's clean, safe, and quiet (and slightly less expensive than the touristy areas).I was really amazed by the size of the and comfort of the guestrooms. Even my room with one double-sized bed had two chairs and a table with room to spare. Plenty of dresser space and lots of hangars, too. Unless you opened the windows, you'd never know you were in the city - it was very quiet. The only noise I ever heard from the hallway was when people were talking directly in front of my door. I was steps away from the soda/ice machines and never even heard them. I didn't have a view of the bay, but it wasn't that important to me. From what I understand, it's worth paying for if you're into that kind of thing. The bed was comfortable. Housekeeping is very attentive - I couldn't find anything they missed. The bathrooms have a really cool light fixture: when you flip the switch, the light goes from dim to bright gradually and automatically. Very helpful to avoid blinding yourself when you have to make a midnight run. They have a curved shower curtain bar which makes the shower feel bigger and keeps you from rubbing up against the curtain while you're showering.There are only 11 floors and they have two elevators. Both are quick, clean, and spacious. You have to pass the front desk to get to the elevators, but they don't check to see if you're a guest. Anyone can walk in off the street and access guest floors, so follow standard safety precautions. They do have a security guard who works overnight in addition to the regular staff. I regularly took public transportation and walked the streets around the hotel at all hours of the night. The neighborhood seems very safe and well lit. I can say with certainty that this guy has the easiest job in town. It's nice that he's there, but he certainly doesn't have much to keep him busy, except maybe the newspaper.Somehow, this place only has 2 stars. Amazing! You'd be foolish to spend more money for the same facilities and services at another hotel. I'll definitely stay here again on my next trip to San Francisco!

A good big city hotel experience We found this to be the standard (nice) big city hotel with all the expected amenities. Standard additional charges too, for internet, telephone, etc. etc. etc. Our room on the 17th floor was clean, nicely furnished and adequate in all respects, particularly at the price point we got from Priceline Negotiator ($117+tax = just under $142 for a Saturday night). The hotel is very close to Union Square, but if a walker still within striking distance of the waterfront and most other parts of downtown. try the restaurant, but the sunset view from the lounge on the 36th floor is definitely worthwhile.Be sure to plan your budget to include parking if need it. Expect the bums-rush in front of the hotel when you arrive, unless you'll accept valet parking at $49.50/day. be cowed though - You can offload your bags in front and then self-park in the exact same garage kitty corner across Stockton from the hotel for about $26/day!

Nice but overheated Firstly I thought i already wrote a review on this hotel, but apparently I didn't, so here it is 4months late..!The staff were polite but a bit stern at times, I wouldn't really call them friendly. They all spoke good English but I speak Spanish and that was a real benefit - they seemed a lot, well, happier, when they talked to me than when they were being forced into English. Don't get me wrong, they weren't rude, they just weren't exactly happy.The hotel looks beautiful. Our room was spotless and the bathroom was huge but like previous posts the room was hot, stuffy and there was no circulation of air - we had to resort to opening the window at nights just to get some air, and this was in January, when Madrid aint exactly warm. If you have any kind of breathing difficulties I would think twice about staying here.The location is excellent - quite quiet despite being only a couple of minutes from Puerta del Sol. There is what appears to be a Goth Club just along the road, there isn't really any noise from this (our room was at the front and not far from it), but it does mean you get some interesting characters walking along the road at 2am! But again there was no problem with this.Breakfast was good, didn't eat there apart from that.Basically if you get cold easily and can speak a couple of words of Spanish, even just hello, please and thank you then you will love this place. Little tip on Madrid - the metro system is excellent - quick, clean, well signposted and not as crowded as e.g. London's. If you fly into baracas then the metro is linked to this (ok it's a bit of a walk from some of the terminals) and it's counted as part of zone 1 / whatever they call it - so buy a 10 journey ticket from a machine for (I think??!) 6 euros 80 - meaning that a trip to Sol for this hotel is only going to cost you 0.68 euros - or roughly 40p. Bargain!!!

VERY GOOD--Will stay there again Having read the reviews on TripAdvisor, I was a bit worried about staying there. However, it was 1.5 miles /2.4 Km from Westin Bonaventure Hotel, at 404 S. Figueroa St., Los Angeles, where I was attending a convention (8/2-8/9/08). Also, I often stay at other Clarions and Comfort Inns. I took a chance and was satisfied. Though the Olympic Blvd area is a combination of Hispanic and Koreatown, the people staying there are families, business people and others on a vacation. I did not go walking in area as I used my car to get around. The Clarion Hotel Downtown, 1901 West Olympic Blvd. Los Angeles CA 90006 (213) 385-7141 is two blocks east of S. Alvarado St. It is mostly on Bonnie Brae Street. That is the entrance that you enter (or thru the parking garage). Unfortunately, there is only one marked handicapped parking space.There is some under the hotel parking (if you're early in) and the rest is across the street in a fenced parking lot which is well-lighted (your key controls gate). The parking lot is between an apartment building and another motel. And, there is a Korean church beside the hotel. There is a Korean restaurant on the corner and a Sushi restaurant beside the front entrance on West Olympic Blvid. Bonnie Brae Street is a quiet street. There is a night guard on duty in the hotel's parking garage and he has two video screens to watch the outside parking lot, the parking garage (he's right next to the indoor one), all of the halls, pool area, two large patios, lobby, etc. I felt secure.I was impressed that there were usually three hotel personnel at the front desk most times. And, the manager was nearby. It is a Korean run hotel. They are pleasant and always kind. When someone parked their car too close behind mine in the parking garage, two women from the front desk kindly directed my backing out of the space. I found the Clarion clean, nicely decorated and the beds are great for sleeping. There are two elevators for the three floors. That's nice if one is not working properly, which can happen anywhere.My room had a wide screen tv [although, not all rooms have wide screens], a 1100 watt microwave with a turntable, an excellent refrigerator, coffeemaker, iron board, a gas-lift high back business chair with arm rests, a desk lamp and two phones (one on nightstand with dual lamps AM-FM clock radio).Fortunately, they had used an extension cord that one would plug in the refrigerator and microwave or coffee maker. That way, the freezer was not iced up as it would be if it were constantly on. I wish some other motels would defrost their refrigerator's freezers! The fluorescent lamps (14 watts) need more wattage in the bulbs. They equal about 50 watts which is not enough to easily read by. 23 watts=100 watts which would be better. (Hopefully, they'll use cool white bulbs, not the warm ones, which are yellow. Note: 3500 K temperature rated bulbs are bright white without having the ultraviolet rays of full-spectrum. Those would be perfect). My room overlooked the pool area. There are some rooms with a balcony, chairs and a table overlooking the pool. There are also two other areas that have large patios with chairs and tables in a courtyard on the 2nd floor. I did have trouble connecting with a cell phone tower due to being in the pool courtyard. It is always good to carry a prepaid phone card to use with the land-line...The air filter was clean! The only complaint I have is that the heating system is central, although you can turn on/off the air conditioner which is above the entrance way in your room. Althought this was the first week of August, the nights were cool to cold depending upon you metabolism. I turned off the AC and the thin comforter kept me somewhat warm. The hair dryer turned on and placed on the upside down metal trash basket was my heater. And, for those who'd like some fresh air, the sliding glass window can be opened; although, there is no screen.The water from the faucet was very hot. They could turn it down 30 degrees and still satisfy everyone, while wasting less energy. Fortunately, they used a easy to figure out shower control. Throughout the Choice Hotels chain of 11 branded hotel/motels, the shower heads vary and can be confusing. I wish they would standardize them with a handle and face plate that shows blue color for cold with an increasing combo of blue red color for warmthen, red for hot.There is no free continental breakfast. You buy your breakfast there...or elsewhere. Local calls are free and internet access is free although, the computer in the lobby is $3.00 for 30 minutes.

Great location I recently stayed at Hotel du Cadran for 11 nights from July to August 2008. This was a nice hotel, The rooms are quite small which is a given but they were very clean and the beds were comfortable. The staff personnel were friendly, gave good advise for locations to eat, but given that the hotel is situated right around the corner of rue Cler, (the market street) you had some good restaurants at reasonable prices to choose from..Unfortunately the air conditioning in the room made quite the noise and was not very cold even having it at the coolest temperature, and the elevator was out of order everyday for about 2hrs which always seemed to be down when i would come back to the hotel which was a pain as i was on the 5th floor.The price is a bit on the expensive side for what you get in the hotel but the location was great. *5 minute walk to the Eiffel Tower and 5 min to Invalides.Safe Travels

A good near great experience I spent 12/22-29 at Natura Park and had a good, near great, time. The grounds are outstanding; multiple different natural pools with different birds (flamingos, herons, peacocks, etc.)The food was less than superb but better than average. The buffet was better than the specialty restaurants. The staff was very pleasant and outgoing. There were minor problems but that must be expected in high season. The tours offered were very good. I particularly enjoyed the Outback Tour. Apple arranged golf outings to Punta Blanca and Punta Cana; both were excellent courses; well worth the money.The comments about the limited beach chairs are correct. After getting skunked two days in a row I learned to play the game and got a towel and claimed a chair as soon as I got up before eating breakfast.I recommend Natura Park to all but the most finicky traveler.

No problems here Gotta say that I read these reviews after I made our reservation and I was a little concerned. However, I found the negative comments totally unfounded. Our room was clean and comfortable, the staff was friendly and very helpful, the parking was hassle free and very reasonable for overnight city parking, and it was an easy 15 minute walk to Fenway. The only down side that I could see is there is no nightlife in the immediate area. The onsite restaurant and bar are both good and the adjacent food court provide a quick and cheap meal option.

As Good As It Gets What a wonderful hotel. We were in the Regency Club with is complimentary buffet breakfast and evening cocktails (well worth the small extra cost)The staff are the friendliest, but equally efficient, one could wish for. They quickly learn your name and greet you wherever they see you.The gardens are superb. It would be easy to spend a day enjoying all the flora and fauna.Yes, the buildings are concrete and it wasn't built in the last 5 years, so if you are looking for a plastic modern hotel, go somewhere else. But if you want to be in Bali, for me it is here.This is in my top ten favourite hotels in the world

Old-Style comfort and convenient for shopping. The courtyard area.

Quite simply, stunning! The staff at the front door.

Space in the city! Great location in a beautiful leafy neighbourhood not far from bars restaurants (go to Moran's round the corner) shops etc.#Rooms were very spacious and well equipped, breakfast was fantastic and staff were very helpful. Book with confidence, this is a great find.

The Best Value Base in Madrid This is the second time I have stayed at this hotel and I suppose thats endorsement enough but I cannot enthuse enough about the value for money this hotel is.The rooms are adequate in size with good size bathrooms. They are smart and tastefully decorated.Location wise it is perfect. Situated just outside Plaza Mayor it is handy for Puerta del Sol and the rest of Madrid's attractions. The staff are extremely helpful and all this for 80euros a night.Fantastic.

A dream come true As you plan your stay at various unknown hotels, you hope they will meet your expectations. The hotel Al Ponte Mocenigo blows you away--it is fantastic. Well appointed super clean rooms ,a charming breakfast courtyard, easy access, quiet surroundings and great owners--Walter and Sandro--it is a dream come true.

Excellent Hotel Easy parking. Excellent front desk and check-in. Nice quiet room. Great location. Many restaurants within walking distance. Easy driving to all parts of Los Angeles. I will be staying at this Hotel as often as possible.

Parking Charge!! Make sure you get an excellent room rate as you will pay through the nose for parking. I was charged $49.02 for one night.

Good location, nothing to criticize A hotel in the typical Sofitel style, despite extenal appearances! Room was large and had typical Sofitel furnishings. Bathroom was particularly spacious and well-fitted. View was onto a blank wall not var away - though I wasn't there for the view, others might want to check when booking if they want to see something more interesting.Location - just off Piccadilly, not far from Trafalgar Square - is handy for tourists.Prices are a little steep (with rooms that expensive, should we really expect to pay for an internet connection these days?), but what else does one expect in London?

Love it, hate it! Huge, soulless, impersonal place; dingy rooms, dated decor; bar often full of hearties from the vast conferences it accommodates ... ... ... ... but I still keep going back - typically every 8 weeks or so.The place is efficient. It's in the ideal location for the various offices I need to get to (and obviously at the centre of the NY action being right on Times Square). Perhaps the main plus point is that the beds are amongst the most comfortable I've experienced - and I do little more there than sleep. ... ... and there's a certain fascination in watching newcomers to the hotel fail to cope with the lift/elevator system!

Good - but standard rooms are not 5-star quality I spent two nights at the Okura for a business conference. I came away with mixed feelingsI drove there. It's conveniently located, 5 minutes off the Ring. The hotel has its own good, if expensive, underground car park.Front desk staff were firndly and courteous, and extremely efficient, both on check-in and check-out: could not be faulted. Unlike some other reviewers, I had no difficulties with the housekeeping, room service and restaurant staff.The basic facilities at the hotel are fine, and the restaurants (Ciel Bleu on the 23rd floor, and the Teppanyaki restuaurant on the ground floor are excellent, as are the bars on the 23rd and ground floor. Having said that, the prices match the quality of the experience - far from cheap! Breakfast was good, if a little quirky with breakfast cereals in plastic bottles!Conference facilities and food were well above average.I was in a standard room that was comfortable enough, but a little small, and fast reaching the point where refurbishment will be needed - somewhat tired and faded. There were minor niggles: a shortage of power sockets around the desk; slightly defective sound insulation from the corridor outside; a very small, incredibly narrow, bath ... ... ... all of which made this an experience worth less than the advertised 5 stars, though by no means bad.

Bland but adequate This is a huge, soulless airport hotel. Unless you have reason to be staying at the airport - for travel reasons or, like me, for a conference, you wouldn't use it and would choose a nicer alternative in town. However, if you do have to be there, it's not at all bad of its kind but don't expect the same standard as, say, the Sheraton at Schipol or the Hilton at CdG, to name but two.Rooms are spacious, with reasonable facilities, though internet usage charges are an irritant. As far as room quality is concerned, I suspect (having read others' reviews) that it is patchy. You can strike it lucky and get a recently redecorated room or you can hit one that is tired and faded, as I did. Noise insulation really is excellent, by the way.Front desk staff were excellent; cleaning, on the other hand was below par - at least in my room. Food is of an adequate standard, but no more than that - but there are plenty of places to eat in the terminal, the short walk being the main (if not the only) attraction of this hotel.

Great hotel Stayed at the Michelangelo for 5 nights during a shopping trip to New York and it does exactly what it says on the tin. Great location just off Times sq. Handy for shopping, theatres the Rockefeller Center (take the trip to the top and dine at the Sea Grill) Staff were great especially the concierge. Stayed in a junior suite which was spacious and clean but a lot of room was taken up by a bar which was of no real use. As with previous reports the free breakfast was ok as a quick snack. Turn right out of the front door and there are 2 deli/cafes serving breakfast within 50 yds. The hotel restaurant was very quite as was the bar.Other restaurants are Balthazars in Soho busy french style brasserie and Sparks american steakhouse. Flew on Silverjet excellent service and great value but watch your luggage on the return journey as thefts reported

Stay here at your own risk! Travelling with friends (we are 50 somethings) we wanted a nice hotel in Venice. Booked and confirmed 2 seperate rooms a month in advance at Hotel A La Commedia. The hotel looked beautiful in the pictures and is very convenient to the Rialto Water Taxi stop and St. Marks Square.Upon arrival we were told we were being upgraded to a 2 bedroom suite # 115 with a sitting area for the same price as the two rooms we booked. This isn't what we wanted as one of our travelling companions was fighting a nasty flu bug and we didn't want to catch it, but we tried to go with the flow and make the best of it. Little did we know that that this part of the hotel is directly over a nightclub that doesn't start to get cranked up until 11:00. And doesn't quiet down until after 2:00am. The floor was shaking and the walls were rocking! We called to complain and were told the hotel is full and we could not be moved. They acted so surprised to hear my complaint. I asked to speak to the manager and was told he would be in in the morning and the staff would make him aware of my concerns. I checked with the front desk twice the next morning and the manager was never available to speak with me, although there was a gentleman in a hotel jacket who was lurking around while I was having my discussions with the front desk but did not engage in the conversation. However, once I would walk away he would then go speak with the front desk person. So much for customer service. All this for only 840 EU a night! Having read a TripAdvisor review from someone who just stayed there it is obvious that this is a common or even nightly occurence.When I went to settle the bill, the front desk man offered to buy us a drink at the hotel bar for our incovenience. We had no other charges at the hotel. I told him don't bother, just write up the bill, let me check out and you can deal with my friends at American Express in 30 days. I will do everything in my power to make it as difficult as I can can for them to ever receive payment. The suite room was beautiful, the bathrooms over the top. But there is a basic flaw in the soundproofing and design of this hotel and it is obvious that they take advantage of short term tourists who are at their mercy.Show them they need to change their ways. Boycott the the Hotel A La Commedia until they fix the problem or are upfront with their guests about the condition. You couldn't pay me to stay in this Upgraded Suite unless I was deaf as a stone.

Good hotel but not quite 5-star Just returned from a 4 night package booked through Hotels.com and my impression is of a very good 4-star hotel but not quite 5-star. Nothing too specific but it didn't have that extra something that you expect from 5-star quality. The staff in particular seem desperately to please but don't seem able (or are told not) to think outside the box and go that extra mile that 5-star really requries..Previous reviewers are completely correct that this is a very central hotel and whilst there's Berlin's finest shops on the doorstep, there's little by way of quality bars and restaurants nearby. Indeed the closest restaurant is a KFC.Overall, this isn't a great hotel - but neither is it bad. There's plenty of good reasons to stay here: the rates seem excellent in comparison to other 4 5 star centrally placed hotels; good pool spa; centrally located;; and others. If they just removed that 5th star that they're clearly very proud of from their logo, I'd be writing a much more favororable review!

Excellent service This is an excellent quality hotel right in the heart of SF. The service from all staff was superb, location good, bar restaurant great and so on!!This was just a quick one night stay before flying back to Europe. I was intrigued by the most romantic hotel in SF label when searching as we were at the end of our Honeymoon. Truth is it's a chain hotel that pretends not to seek out the corporate clients even though there were plenty of them. However, unlike so many other big name chains, the Omni seems to treat it's private guests very specially going that little step further for customer service. (Too often I find the chains trying to get the corporate money and just neglect those of us that want a nice hotel).Lots of nice little touches too numerous to mention here means I shall return here (and to any other Omni).And was it romantic? - Well this is not a boutique hotel - it's a large-ish city centre hotel. But given those constraints - surprisngly yes!

Fabulous! We had such a fantastic 3 nights in the Agora Saint germain.Being only a 2 minute walk from Notre Dame, the location was fantastic. There was a lovely cafe around the corner that did breakfast for a reasonable price, around 15 euros for 4 croissants and 2 Orange Juices.The hotel was clean, with friendly staff working at the reception.I must admit, we laughed when we saw the lift, it is quite small.The rooms looked as if they had been recently renovated with a very 'funky' 21st century style bathroom.If we went back to Paris, I would definately book to stay here again! Dont hesitate to contact me if you want any further information!

Do Not Stay Here This place was horrible! We checked in after a flight from Phoenix and the clerk was complaining that she had too much money in the drawer and if she was audited by the sheriff, she would be in big trouble cuz we don't want to get robbed. WHAT? That should have been my first clue to RUN! We get to our room and it had to be 90 degrees since the heater was on! We shut it down and turned on the AC to cool it off. Gross.Bed was like sleeping on plywood. When we left in the morning, we noticed the room across from ours had been bolted shut with L brackets. This must have been where the filmed the movie Vacancy.Spend more cash and stay at the Ramada next door...at least it looks better!I also complained to their Customer Relations department and am awaiting a reply!

Wonderfully relaxing My wife and I have been staying in this hotel regularly since 1990. We find it wonderfully relaxing particularly if you are staying in a room at least on the seventh floor facing the ocean. The swaying coconut palms that are just below you are amazingly hypnotic. This is the only hotel that I know that I can spend hours on the balcony with a book ; totally at ease.The rooms are a little small but with the beach immediately adjacent and the park also adjacent it is easy to go for a peaceful stroll so if like me you quickly go ' stir crazy ' it will not happen here.There is a small store just at the front of the hotel to buy sandwiches and beer and wine so it is entirely possible to have an al-fresco picnic in the park, or on the beach, or on your balcony. If you take alcohol onto the beach be careful as in June within seven days we saw three Police patrols looking for drugs/alcohol ? I personally find that reassuring - just be careful.The staff are friendly and helpful and many have been there for years ! The restaurant overlooking the beach and at its level is lovely.

Not great, but ok! Beach view to our Room in Floor 0

Great find Booked Chelsea Lodge after seeing it had won a Tripadvisor Award.It is a short walk from the subway (either 23rd or 18th, both on the number 1 line). The hotel is in a quiet, leafy street, between 8th and 9th avenue. While it is in a quiet area, you are no distance away from the sights of New York - it is a great base.Our room was upstairs. While it was small, it was adequate. The tv was modern, with many channels. The bed was very comfortable, and we were very glad to have an air conditioned room. The toilets were across the hall, and were always available.The only draw back was the shower in the room. There was no 'drying' area - so once you stepped out of the shower you were standing in the bedroom.Overall, I would recommend Chelsea Lodge to anyone wanting a cheap, but very clean and charming hotel.

Wonderful Hotel View from room

Great place - took my 7 year old daughter This was a great hotel. I took my daughter with me for a 4 night stay. Very cozy and quiet. Its out of the hussle of Times Square but near the subway, good restaurants, and central park.the staff was outstanding.Cellinis Restaurant across the street was awesome too and was arranged by the hotel. Some of the best service I've ever received but it is pricey.This hotel was a bit pricey but seems like all NYC hotels have gotten that way due to many hotels shifting to a condo format. There appears to be a supply/demand imbalance!But, very reasonable pricing relative to other options and outstanding service. Room was large and roomy

Great Hotel! Stayed here for three nights as the first part of our trip around northern Germany. If you are flying into Schonefeld airport, it is very easy to get to as the S-Bahn goes directly from Flughafen Schonefeld station to Alexanderplatz station in half an hour. Upon arrival, it was only a five minute walk to the hotel from the station, just going round the huge Galeria Kaufhof shopping centre. Check in was easy and efficient and the hotel in general looked very clean and modern. The rooms were the same. Although they were quite small by comparison to other hotels, they were extremely clean and modern, with satellite tv, a minibar and a safe. The bathroom was open plan, however, with only a curtain covering the washing and bath area, so i'd recommend staying somewhere else if you're not staying with friends or family. The hotel was also linked to the shopping centre, making it very easy to get anything you needed, for example, for breakfast in case like us, you were on a room only basis. The station, being only a stone throw away, meant that you were only ten minutes away from most of Berlin's central tourist sights and a mere five minute walk to the huge 368m televison tower along with Alexanderplatz's bars and restaurants. The casino on the 37th floor requires you to register with your passport and to wear formal clothes (ie. a jacket and tie), but besides that, all the hotel's facilities are fine to use and I hear the breakfst is good too, although for us it was a little too expensive at 16 euros each. Overall, I think it was a hotel of outstanding value, given its cost of 97 euros a night for a double and its very convenient location! I would stay there again.

You Get What You Pay For Swimming Pool

Consistent as always The wife and I were there from 1/04/05 - 1/07/05. The quarter was nice, all the sugar bowl tourists were departing. The hotel was it's usual value for the dollar. If you want to stay in the most convenient location in the French Quarter this is it. You get more than what you pay for when you consider the location. I only live three hours from New Orleans and I have stayed in the French Quarter dozens of times, and the Bourbon Orleans is always my first choice. I would give the facility between 3 and four stars, but they only charge a three star price. Clean rooms with new furnishings, marble bathroom, decent restuarant, room service, minibar, ppv tv, valet parking. The location is in the very center of the quarter so you can walk or catch a streetcar to get anywhere. Give the keys to the valet and relax! ...Try a hand grenade from Tropical Isle directly across Bourbon!

It's o.k. My wife and I stayed at the Royal sonesta in mid January. I would rate this hotel as average. It has the atmosphere of a luxurious hotel in the lobby, but when you get to the rooms this image disappears. Rooms are small, and not all that clean. Even though the hotel seemed to be quite empty, we were given a room somewhere in the back overlooking the ruins of some other run down property. The first night we were there, we were disturbed by a knock on the door. It was a security guard investigating a report of someone smoking marijuana on our floor. I was much more irritated by this intrusion than I would have ever been by a neighbor smoking pot (especially since we were staying at ground zero of the party capital of the south). Anyway, it seems as if what is left of the NOPD/LA state police are now based and housed in the Royal Sonesta. If you do not like law enforcement officers (and everyone knows the reputation of law enforcement in NOLA), this is definitely not the place to stay right now. They have a state police H.Q. on the first floor. After we checked out, I realized we were overcharged on several things. We were overcharged on two nights of our stay. We were also charged for a pay per view movie in the room. We only turned the T.V. on a couple of times to watch the news or check the weather. We definitely didn't watch a movie. The positives are that this hotel is located right on Bourbon St. and it has on site parking. They also have a decent champagne brunch on Sundays. We only stayed here because the Bourbon Orleans was booked up (after a recent remodel, it is much nicer!). I would only stay at the Royal Sonesta again if everything else was booked up.

Just okay Got this as part of an Orbitz package... It was adequate, except the room had twin beds, and the shower curtain was mildewed and smelly. Finally got that replaced after two calls to the desk. Quite a distance from the beach, but TheBus stops a block away. Close to Ala Moana shopping.

Nice hotel, challenging location The location is OK. It is in a very safe and clean area but the area was somewhat dead for restaurants and bars. There were limited quality restaurants within a short walk. Dinner around Sagrada Familia is poor. I recommend the short walk on Gran Via (towards La Rambla) or the longer walk to La Ribera. It is near a train station. The breakfast was typical European and good. The rooms were new and very clean. There is a mini bar and TV. There is an elevator and rooms have AC. Nice bathrooms. Free wireless internet in room. The staff was very nice but seem very knowledgeable about getting around town. Maybe they deal with more business travelers.

Very nice We spent three nights at Hotel Casci last week. It is a very nice hotel in a great location. The staff are very helpful. The free internet terminal and wi-fi are a plus. If you are looking for an American-type hotel, then stay at a chain. If you want a nice European hotel with charm, then stay at the Casci.

My opinion...the best hotel in Barcelona...by miles! Tripadvisor is god...long live trip advisor!. I always use trip advisor to steer me in the right direction and it has never let me down. I searched through 400 hotels on trip advisor and found the Hotel Catedral and booked it without hesitation. I told my wife the next day that out of 400 hotels, the hotel was ranked 378 (in Jan 2007, and as i write now in April it is ranked 250). The hotel is BRAND NEW, it only had a few reviews and the only bad one, the guy writing the review had a problem with his travel company and not the hotel, so why dis the hotel (the hotel even posted a reply saying how they tried to help the guy). So where o start. Location: Perfect...outside of the Cathedral and one of the main squares in Barcelona (be careful with taxis though as there are several Cathedrals in the city, you have to ask for the one on Avinguda de Cathedral). In the Barri Gotica area, 2 mins walk to Las Ramblas (which is very overrated and not what i expected, but everyone seems to go there), 5 mins to placa de Catalunya (excellent for shopping, department stores, fashion stores, shops...and where all the hop on hop off buses go from...get the bus turistic as there are lots more of them and the route they run is much better than the others). The hotel is 5-10 mins walk to the marina/port area (lots of restaurants there). You CANNOT get more central. Taxis have problems finding it sometimes, ask them to drop you at te Hotel Colon (which is 100 yards away and is an established hotel in barcelona...and is twice the price and nowhere near as nice).Hotel: Staff were amazingly helpful, ringing the Nou Camp for us for our tour information (which was ok, but you need to hire the audio guide at 3 euros to really appreciate it as it is not guided), ringing restuarants etc. The gym is small but modern and effective (4 cardio machines and free weights). The rooftop pool area is great for sunbathing and looks cool (its an infinity pool, but can be a little chilly in less sunnier temperatures). The outdoor Bar area is one of the best in Barcelona, really trendy/cool place. The breakfast in the hotel was excellent, cereals, croissants, breads, american hot breakfast/medditeranean hot breakfast...they even did a spinach omelette for my friend who was vegetarian...excellent!. Where to eat in Barcelona: El Xalet (in the Montjiuc mountain). 15 mins in a taxi (about 10 euros). Well worth it, its open 1.00pm to 1.00am..but if you go later in the day make sure the hotel books a table for you. It is a revolving dining area and has an outdoor terrace that has the best views in all of Barcelona...unbelieveable!. Also go to Tabloa De Carmen in Poble Esapnyol....which is a 4 course meal, as much wine/sangria as you can drink ad a 1 hour authentic flamenco show...cost about each but i drank that in sangria alone....if you go to the early showing (7.45pm and 10.30pm) you can stroll around the village area before going in (during the day you have to pay 6 euros per person just to walk around). Its excellent. Other places to mention are Taller de Tapas (although Cal pep is recommended by people, there is no menu so you dont totally know what you are eating, you just pick plates up and hope for the best), which is excellent value for money (especialy lunchtime) and is open all day. Taxidermista s also a cool place, a former taxidermist shop...very smart, good food and in a cool square called place reial. Go to the hotel OMM for a drink in the bar, but i wouldnt eat in the restaurant MOO as it is extremely weird...they put distilled soil in some of the dishes and actual cigar ash in some of the desserts....weird, weird, weird and expensive!. Commerc 24 is hard to get into, book ahead, and is the place to be (great value for money too...surprisingly).Look at some of the walking tours, they do a gourmet walking tour which takes you to places to try the local delicasies and explain te history of catalan food...The hotel provides a FREE walking tour every Sunday at 10.00am for an hour....i Love this hotel!Also, if you are there on a wednesday, check with the hotel as they do wine tasting evenings and cookery classes (i think every first and third wed of each month, but check with the hotel). Tell me another hotel anywhere in the world that does this...I love hotels in vegas and have stayed in some of the best hotels there (which are some of the best in the world), and i rate this hotel on a par with the hotel Paris/Mandalay Bay...yeah it is much smaller, but as an all round package, i know that in 12 time this hotel will be in the top 10 hotels on Tripadvisor. Part of me didnt want to write this review, i didnt want it to get too popular and expensive (i booked through justonehotel.com and got it for per night including full breakfast). But Tripadvisor has helped me and this is what its all about....this place is...the business.Enjoy...Phill

Very satisfied Much nicer than their website implies. We were very satisfied with friendly and helpful staff and nice rooms. Although on a map this looks to be a hike to many attractions, if you like walking, this is a pleasant distance to just about anywhere in Florence. We would stay here again, and have recommended it to many friends based on the reasonable rates.

Very impressed by the hotel I stayed 1 night.Location: Located about 10 min by shuttle from the airport, it is also 5 minutes walk from the metro station, and about 25 minutes to CentralInterior design: Extremely attractive. I had only a relatively normal room. It was in fact quite big, extremely well designed and comfortable. I visited a junior suite. Perfectly designed as well. The design style is modern, warm. I find it one of the best designed hotel I have seen anywhere.Service: Perfect from reception to the breakfast staff.Breakfast: The room is great, the staff uniform attractive, the buffet extremely rich.Price: Amazingly cheap - 1200 HK$ for my room and 2000 HK$ for a suite. They want to compensate for the location not being in Central. I used to stay at the Mandarin Oriental or the Shangri-La. For the kind of room or breakfast qualities, it would cost about 5 time sthe price. I looked at the Regal hotel at the airport. I sincerely think the Novotel Citygate is really amazing, and where I will stay in my next trip in HK.

Great room with magnificient harbour view I stayed 2 nights between China and Singapore.HK hotels were full and the only choice given to me by the Hotel Information agent at HK airport was Suite 1201 at the Intercontinental. (US$500 perr night, I think)Room - Very spacious, with a magnificient viw from the bed.Breakfast - Was not included in the US$20 price of the room! That was exagerated. Don't forget to discuss that at booking time!Service - Excellent.Location - Not too far from the train transfer from the airport or from the ferry to the island. Maybe 200 meters walkikng distance. It is a little long with a heavy bag, but OK if you are in shape.Business center and internet - Excellent, but this is HK and it is not free.

Excellent stay I stayed 3 nights.Location: very convenient for my business meetings, all within 10 minutes by car.Design: Outiside, it is a little old. But the interiro has been upgraded. The room we stayed in was very good.Breakfast: Great buffet, and very friendly staff.Price: We paid about 1000 USD for the 3 nights, which was very good for the quality of experience we had.

Not for people checking in late! Despite a call ahead of time ( one day) and a confirmed reservation for a NONSMOKING room, when I arrived at midnight from a West coast afternoon flight, I was given a somewhat nicely decorated room. But the stench from the smoke!!! Arghhh!I marched downstairs, with reservation in hand, and was told, Sorry, we have NO non-smoking rooms left As I am allergic to smoke, and can break out in asthma within an hour of being in a room like that I refuesed to stay there. As I was waiting for them to find something for me two other guests showed up, were assigned rooms, and also came marching down to complain of their non-smoking room reservation, and smoking room assignment. They both accepted a rate reduction and a promise to move the next day. As that was not an option for me, after an hour, they located a non-smoking room down the street at the Hilton Garden Inn ( a lesser hotel). Originally they were to 'walk me' for one night only, and I indicated that it was not possible for me to transfer during the day as I had business all day intl the late hours the next day. They agreed to let me stay at the HGI for two nights.MIND YOU THESE HOTELS WERE CHARGING $350/nite + NYC Taxes that brought it to nearly $400 a night. NO WAY JOSE

Fabulous Regent Beijing We stayed three nights in a deluxe room at the Regent, during our 10 day vacation in China.We had a perfect stay. Beautiful hotel, gorgeous well equipped room, great breakfast buffet, gorgeous western style restaurants, courteous and prompt service. Nice gym, the swimming pool is out of this world.This is one of the most beautiful hotels we have stayed in anywhere in the world. You won't be disappointed.

We loved the Ibis! We arrived at the hotel about 4 hours before check in and as we were going to a festival all day the staff allowed us to leave our luggage in a locked room which only they have a key for. We eventually checked in around 11.30pm and were seen to immediately with a very efficient service.The room was immaculate and lovely and cool, the bed was enormous. The water pressure in the shower was excellent, which was especially impressive as we were on the top floor!The hotel was very close to the centre of Amsterdam and the train station and therefore very convenient.Slight downside was the lack of restaurant/bar but we were informed of this by our travel agent when booking and we were perfectly happy about this. Breakfast was the only meal included and the hotel provided a continental style breakfast on each floor each morning, whilst this wasn't anything special it was nice of them to offer this facility.Overall I think that the Ibis is a wonderful little city centre hotel, perfect for a short trip to Amsterdam and whilst the hotel is undergoing renovation, they are doing this to improve the hotel for the guests and are trying to make the in between time as easy as possilbe.

Not so bad My girlfriend and me have spent one night in a dorm (8 persons). So like in every dorm, we had these problems: - WC shower were not so clean (but enough to use them!) - you're woken up by your roommates during night Good: - hotel is really safe - staff is friendly - nice bar inside (with a terrace)- not too noisy - very good location Bad:- it was really hot in the dorm (even with the fans) - roommates who switch on the light when you're asleep- the shower's light which you can't switch offIt was nice staying at this hotel, I recommend it for people who stay a short time in Amsterdam to visit or to party

The best 2* hotel in town My wife and I have just returned from Florence having stayed at this delightful, quietly located hotel, just 15 minutes from the Duomo by regular bus services.Sabina and her husband were always most friendly helpful and offered us a really substantial breakfast to start the day.Following an incident when my wallet was stolen, Sabina generously spent her Saturday evening with me at the Carabinieri translating their report and helping with the necessary telephoning of my credit card details to the visa banking service.We wish them both well and every success in their new business.James Beardsell. Broadstone. Dorset. U.K.

Specific Pros and Cons I booked this hotel for my family of five, kids 11, 11, and 8. Room had 2 double beds and a rollaway.Pros = Value, we got this room at $150/night with free parking and doughnuts/muffins in the office. Microwave, frig, large room on the corner (room 49) of the top floor. For 5 people, in this city, this was pretty cheap, given what I was finding. The front desk woman was helpful. There was an elevator, albeit very slow, that really helped with all our bags. Bathroom was small, but adequate - overall the room was spacious.Neutral = Location was safe, and not too far from Ghirardelli Square - maybe 7-8 blocks? But with kids, it's not totally ideal - next time I would probably stay at Union Square, where there is a cable car turnabout right there. You cant catch the cars near the hotel, according to the desk. But that said, it was a reasonable walk to Ghirardelli and not that bad to the Wharf. The cleanliness of the room was fine - it wasn't blowing me away, but it wasn't dingy either. It is definitely a budget hotel, and if I weren't in the heart of SF, I would not have considered this as big a bargain.Cons = For those who don't like entering your room from the outdoors (motel style), this isn't for you. My wife doesn't like that - so that was a negative. We were reluctant to open the windows, because it just opens to the catwalk outside where people are walking. There was a sign outside the office that I didn't see until we left that said something about a health issue regarding asbestos. WTF? Since we were leaving I decided not to think about it. Also, the cable had pretty limited channels. There was HBO but no ESPN. Overall this was a good value in a decent location with free parking, which is huge. I might stay here again if I were alone or with buddies, but with my family I would probably look for something a bit closer to the cable car turnabouts or where I was closer to the Wharf or Union Square - if I could afford it.

A top notch resort that could be over the top with a few changes My wife and I spent 2 nights at the Wyndham Rio Mar following a cruise. Much of what I say or could say is probably repiticious of things said in the 400 plus reviews before us, so I will try and add a few new perspectives.This was our 6th trip to Puerto Rico in the last 5 years. We have stayed at least twice at the Condato Plaza (formerly a Wyndham) and the Marriott, both in the Condato area of San Juan and the Hampton Inn on Isle Verde near the airport. This resort which is about 30 miles East of San Juan has them all beat. It is a beautiful property in what appears to be part of a planned community of over 500 acres which includes not only this resort, but condominiums, time shares, one or two 18 hole golf courses etc. The only downsides are the expensive restaurants (which could easily cut their prices by 30%, do more business, make more money and still be above other restaurant prices) and the sound proofing issue. They should hire the company who construced the Hampton Inn near the Airport as an example of good sound proofing. With these 2 issues taken care of I would easily raise my rating to 5 stars. A special plus must be given to the smoke free Casino which is a rarity outside of Canada and made my $80 donation to the Casino Black Jack fund a little more palatable. The staff at the resort goes above and beyond to be helpfull. There are 4 (yes 4) Concierges avaiable duing the day. As for restaurant recommendations off the resort property they not only give you an extensive list in writing, but answer questions you may have on each and give you preprinted driving direction for each and any other place else you may want to go.We had our 2 dinners out at Antojitos about 5 minutes from the resort and at La Parilla about 15 minutes from the resort. Both offered tasty Puerto Rican food (meat or chicken with beans and sauce over rice) at normal restaurant prices. We also spent one morning driving thru the El Yunqke National (rain) Forest which starts about 15 minuites from the resort. The resort is in fact in Rio Grande, as opposed to being in the El Yunque Natioal Forest as listed by Trip Adviser. One pleasnt surprise which was referenced in only 1 previous review which I read was the Isamar Bakery and Pizzaria which is located at the intersection of Highway 3 and 968 before you enter the resort. Not only are the prices more than reasonable but their baked goods were delicious as were their sandwiches and provided our needs for both of our breakfasts and lunches. The clientele at Isamar is mostly local and the adjoining busineses appeared to be a little seady. This however shoul not deter you as the only alternatve at the resort is the ERB stand next to the Casino where the prices on comparable items are 2 to 4 times as expensive and they are not as good as Isamar..If your desire is to enjoy a luxurios resort without the husle, bustle and night life of San Juan, you will not be disapointed. Those more interested in Old San Juan should stay elsewhere.

A nice visit at the San juan Marriott We stayed here on Sunday night Feb. 1. following a great cruise. The ocean front view was great. the staff was wonderful and the room was large. The pool area is beautiful and the beach is probably the nicest in Condato although a little rough for swimming. The food prices are a bit high but there are several local restaurants within a few blocks. The local seniors dance to a live band in the lobby at night and play bingo (both in espanol) in the morning.While it may not be the newest and most modern Marriot property it is a fun albeit a little expensive place to stay. The only real negative is it rained on Monday when we left and couldn't enjoy the beautiful pool area for a second day.

Second trip to Wyndham Condado We stayed here the night before our cruise in January of this year and last. For a few extra dollars we stayed on the club floor oceanfront(not at the outragios prices that occasionally appear on Wyndham's website). The room and sevice was above average. I can understand the noise complaints for the rooms facing the street. The pool arae is great especially the water slide which was enjoyed by all the young children and this 60 year old child. The beach is really a city park/beach, a little small and not the most beautiful (it overlooks construction at the Caribe Hilton) But I would recomend it for small children who want to wade. The restaurants seemed a bit pricey so for the second year in a row we had a good meal at the Wakiki down the block.

One of the better values in San Juan We stayed here prior to a cruise as we had last year.Following our earlier stay I gave a generally positive review of this hotel (on February 13, 2006) except for the malfunctioning air conditioning unit for which we were given a suitable adjustment (we were compted).No such problem this time as every thing was fine, No airport noise in the room, the pool was great, the area has a lot to offer as far as restaurants etc. This is not a fancy hotel , but a Hampton INN and one of the better ones at that. One criticism I have is the price of ALL of the hotels in San Juan which have been creeping upward in each of the past 5 years I have been visiting San Juan. I believe an AARP rate of $200 is too expensive for this hotel just as the $300-$500 rates are too expensive for the fancier hotels nereby that were in the $200 plus range only a few years ago..

loved it Coming from France we spent seven days there, touring around. The room was perfect. Very tidy and comfortable. We stayed on the good side of the building, meaning not direct to Lombard Street - interstate 101. Location is great by the way. One or two times we had trouble parking the car though, late at night. We cooked ourselves breakfast but had coffee and muffins down at the reception. Very nice hard working people. Good souvenir.

Very nice place We spent 3 nights in the Castle Inn's only suite. It is not a fancy hotel but was perfect for four people (two adults with two teenagers). The suite is more like an apartment and has two good sized clean rooms each with a king sized bed. There is a good sized bath and huge walk-in closet. The larger of the rooms also had two sofas and two chairs. The second room is off of a hallway--good for privacy. The suite has a small refrigerator with separate freezer, microwave, iron and board. We used a roll-away in the larger room for one of the teenagers. It was far better than the usual roll-away. More like a twin bed on wheels. The cost of the suite was far less than two separate rooms would have been and if we found two rooms at another hotel for what we paid for the suite, I am sure that they would not be nearly as nice. The Castle Inn is located in the Russian Hill area of the city, a vibrant and convenient neighborhood with many varied restaurants within a few block walk. We felt more like we were living like locals than staying at a hotel. The free covered parking is a big plus. Cable cars are nearby, only 21/2 blocks. We bought 3 day city transportation passes at $18 each and used them a lot, a bargain particularly since the cable cars are otherwise $5/ride. Fisherman's wharf was a pleasant walk and also a great cable car ride away. Desk staff could not have been nicer or more helpful. Altogether, the Casle Inn is a fine choice.

Problematic stay I stayed here in December. A fairly problematic stay. I enjoyed the Palace and Westin St Francis more. But it is OK if you get a cheap rate. Problem 1: Got a corner room with no drawers! Fortunately I was only here for 1 night, so I just lived out of my suitcase. But really.Problem 2: Bed was short-sheeted. This is becoming a common problem at all chains. Housekeeping used a sheet that was too short, so my feet were scraping against scratchy mattress fiber. I had to remake the bed myself. A complaint the next morning at front desk garnered compensatory SPG points. When I asked for late checkout, I was offered 1pm. I had to press for 4pm, which I am entitled to as a Gold member.Problem 3: At check in (late in the evening), I asked for my package. The staff member said to come back tomorrow when the concierge was there. Since the package contained toiletries, I needed it immediately, and only when I pressed did she send a bellman to unlock the concierge's closet and retrieve my package. Problem 4: Rate was 20 dollars higher on the bill than the booked rate. This was solved at checkout.

Excellent service The Aloha spirit was prevalent throughout the hotel. The service was simply excellent all around, from valets to front desk. I asked for, was offered and accepted an upgrade to a better room (for $25 a night). The shower heads were not my favorite type (Ritz-Carlton type, non-adjustable pressure). The a/c worked wonderfully. The hotel is a solid three stars. Room was mostly clean, except for a patch of dried snot on the bedroom wall. The hotel has a policy to offer a late checkout till 10pm for $100 extra. It was totally worth it in my book if you have a late flight out, although many other customers might find it steep. I guess it depends on individual preference. They're not trying to take advantage of anyone, but the hotel is a business not a charity.The free internet access (wifi in the lobby, and two huge macs) was wonderful. I regret waiting till my last day to use the iJoy massage chairs - those things are great and make it worth staying here for that fact alone!Security was good. Valets were usually fast - tell them when you need your car, tip them appropriately, and they will usually have your car ready when you want it.

Fabulous Vacation My wife and I stayed at the Bavaro Princess from May 17-21. I read many reviews and comments on the forums and was expecting average. What we experienced was exceptional. The staff was fabulous. Always smiling and willing to help in any way. The bartenders were extremely fun and engaging (Thanks Braulio and Reuben!) The poolside animation team was fun and energetic. The facilities were very well maintained. Our room was three buildings off the beach and pool area. The room was a bit dated but we only used it to sleep and freshen up a bit. The food was good. Not great, but I wasn't expecting fine dining. We went to the steakhouse one night and were very pleased with the quality and service. The beach was nothing less than amazing. We always found chairs to relax in for our daily afternoon catnap. Never a problem with lack of beach chairs. We will be back!

Mouse in the room??? Our first room.

A great value - but with a catch This hotel is not perfect but it is a great value offers real discounts for military, AAA, AARP, etc. The pictures do not do it justice and the of the entire hotel to sleeping rooms are definitely above average. Rooms have a safe, fridge, microwave, coffee maker and free internet connection. You definitely want to get a deluxe room with the bed/couch combination. The rooms are much larger, have a great bathroom layout, and a balcony - perfect for a couple. The location was within walking distance of basically everything and the beach was only 3 very short blocks away. The service was very good for the most part, but the front desk has a bad apple or two. Speak to the Asian lady - she is sweet and really goes out of her way to help you. Okay the bad: This hotel has very poor noise insulation thanks to louvered windows. The garbage truck will surely wake you up every morning. It shows up between 6:30am and makes an incredibly loud racket that will rudely awake you. I found it to be a common topic of conversation between guests in the lobby, breakfast area and elevators. The hotel parking lot only has about 15 - 20 spaces. I had to park at a sister Aqua property about 2 blocks away. Not that big a deal because the blocks are super short, but I was still charged the regular rate of $18 a night? Finally at night the last block just before the hotel is a little dark, it made my girlfriend a little uncomfortable. Just know going in that you get a bargain without sacrificing some pleasantries. If you stay here the ear plugs and hope for parking availability.

Excellent location A very friendly hotel situated in a very convenient location close to Dam Square and within easy walking distance of many Amsterdam attractions. The staff were very friendly and helpful. The room was clean and spacious and the bed was very comfortable. Breakfast was plentiful with lots of choice. The security was impressive

Bad, unwelcoming, poor service, tiny room I wouldn't recommend this hotel to my worse enemies DOG. I can honestly say that this Hotel has NOTHING going for it. It's location is a 15min stroll from Shinjuku station but dont be surprised if you see homeless people urinating on the walkways. The area is really run down and is home to many homeless people. Although the hotel (I dont think it can be called a hotel) has a shuttle bus, it only runs from 7:30am - 12pm and 4pm - 10pm. Not to mention the size is not big enough to fit the HUGE amount of guests staying at the hotel. I have also never experienced a hotel that requires FULL payment on arrival. The hotel asked for the full amount prior to even seeing the hotel room which I thought was dodgy and questioned but they insisted it was hotel policy. I now know why they ask for the $$$ on arrival. The rooms are tiny and we were given a King size SINGLE (non exagerration) for the two of us to sleep on. We told the hotel that we had booked a Double room and they said that it was their Double room. If you are considering booking this hotel due to it's relative cheap price, I would recommend you check the room before handing over the $$$. We were going to change hotels until we realised it was an 80% cancellation fee. Dont expect to be spoken to in English. Have your dictionaries and thinking caps on when trying to communicate. However, the Hotel must be commended on its excellent cleanliness which was flawless.

Good value We paid $109 for our twin room. The room was small but adequate but the ceiling fan was not enought to cool the room. We kept the curtains closed for most of the day but it was still hot at night. The bathroom is very small but the location made up for any downfalls. The cable car is on the doorstep and Union Square is a two minute walk away. The constant supply of coffee, cookies and superb fresh apples helped the budget. The staff were helpful and courteous with a lobby shop that sells transport tickets. The hotel is very near diners and all that San Francisco has to offer. A tip, ask for a quiet room at the rear of the hotel, no view but a peaceful sleep.

Great Location, Clean, Ok Hotel, Job Done The Good:Great location, near to everything - 5 min taxi to harbour bridge/opera house or city center/ sydney tower. CleanHelpfull staffnice restaurantSpacious RoomsThe Not so Good (not neccisarily bad though!):Facilities lacking (although comparing to UK hotels more then other Syndey hotels so please compare carefully)...I.e swimming pool, small gym, thats about it no spa, no steam room/sauna none of that.. Internet costs another $30 per day (although for 3 min walk to harbourside shops there is a cafe for $3 for an hour!)and breakfast wasn't included in my package- another $30 each.summary:good location and can be got for a good price of lastminute (is a secret hotel!) has everything you need, but if you want the little extras you have to pay. clean and friendly staff so overall not a bad experiance!

Comfortable, friendly small hotel in quiet convienent position Situated in a mainly residential street 10 mins from the museums, the hotel rooms were immaculately clean.Air conditioning has been installed but was not needed.Our room,whilst not huge, was fine and the bed was great.(Am 1.97m so it needed to be).Bathroom was smart.The friendly staff are a good advert for the hotel.Despite leaving early and without being asked breakfast was provided.It has a lift ,unlike many small hotels.Doesn't serve food except for breakfast and I would have welcomed a coffee facility (although I probably should have asked)Just around the corner is a good locals bar which was always full and had a good atmosphere.Trams operate from nearby and are a quick and easy way to get into the centre.I have been to the city 5 times previously and would stay here again without hesitation.They seem to know what hospitality meansIt represents good value for money.

Beautiful Resort, with Helpful Staff I stayed at this resort from Feb. 25 through March 2nd with my wife and 1 year old daughter. The resort is very child friendly and the staff at the resort were falling all over themselves to get to my daughter the whole time we were there. She loved all of the attention! I must say that all of the positive reviews I read were right on. This resort is beautiful with extremely well kept grounds. The staff, especially the wait staff go out of thier way to make your stay comfortable. The room was spacious and updated and included a sunken living room which added just enough extra space. The food was good although it does start to get repetetive after a few days. But you are going to find this at most all inclusives. The food was still of high quality and was delicious. The beach has plenty of room for all of the resort guests. As an added bonus, if you stay at the Bavaro you can go and eat or play at the other two Iberostars: Dominicana and Punta Cana which are right next door. However, guests at the other resorts can not come over to the Bavaro. The drinks seemed to be a bit weak for my taste but since it is an all inclusive you can make up for that by asking for extra rum, gin, etc in your drinks. The activities at the resort are lots of fun and the nightly shows for the most part were very good.Overall, I would highly recommend this resort to anyone, especially families looking for a beautiful resort that is child friendly. My wife and I would go back without hesitation.

The old bait This hotel is in serious need of a facelift. Or I should say, the rooms are in need of a face lift. When you walk into the lobby area it's very pretty and inviting. However, when you get to your room, it's a different story. Hence this review title of bait switch. The beds are comfortable enough and the rooms are plenty large. However, the bathroom is gross and in serious need of updating. I actually saw two rooms during my stay since I asked to switch my first room and the bathrooms look edexactly the same; dingy, dirty, and badly in need of updating. The small square tiles in the shower were in need of more grout and alot of caulking was missing around the tub. The bathroom reminded you of a Motel 6. I would stay elsewhere if you can. However, if you book of priceline or hotwire the way I did, good luck to you.

Good, Not Great This hotels location is great and within walking distance to everything. You are right next to Union Square, China Town, and about a 15 min walk to the Embarcadero. The hotel rooms are small but nice. So if you are looking for lots of space, look else where. The room has a desk, bed, flat screen t.v. and an updated bathroom. I did not use the restaurant, or fitness center so I can not comment on those. There was free wireless internet, which was a great perk. I slept well and did not hear any street noise. I would stay here again if I was in the area. Of of course I was here for business and received a rate of $199/night, which was less than half of what they normally charge. But I think $400 is the going rate for 4 stars in the area.

Good hotel This hotel is a nice 4 star property. The lobby area has the wow factor with a very cool, contemporary look. The room are all a decent size with lots and lots of granite in the bathroom. The room are clean and have all of the amenitiers you would expect from a four star hotel. All of the rooms have balconies which is a nice touch. I did not eat in the restaurant or frequent the bar because of the prices. In one word . . .REDICULOUS. Other than that I would recommend the hotel.

Great hotel for the price My wife and I stayed at this hotel for one night before a cruise of Feb. 11, 2005. The hotel was very clean and the staff were friendly and helpful. The room was small but clean and contained everything we needed. The hotel is two blocks from the heart of the Condado area and a 25 cent bus ride from Old San Juan. The breakfast was nothing fancy, but consisted of cold cereal, oatmeal, sweet rolls, yogurt, and fruit. Just enough to kickstart your day! I thought this hotel was an exceptional value for the money and would not hesistate to stay here again for a day or two. If you are going to stay longer, you would probably want to go with one of the bigger hotels in Condado.

Good stay at Millenium Hilton I stayed at this hotel with my wife and 17 month old daughter from July 20-22. The hotel rooms have clearly been renovated recently and they've added some nice touches. The bed was very comfortable and the large flat screen t.v is built into the wall. The bathroom was nicely renovated and decorated as well. We had a room on the 20th floor over looking the World Trade Center site. Although, it is not the most pleasant of memories, I the view was a good reminder of all that happened that day. I booked the hotel through priceline and got a great rate and a great room. I even requested to be moved initially because the original room they gave me was too close to the elevators. I was moved without a problem. The front desk staff were courteous and helpful. The location of the hotel is perfect is you're looking to be in the SOHO/Financial district and close to the Hudson River. It's only about a 10 minute walk to the river. I highly recommend this hotel.

Nice Hotel, Nice Location, A Little Dated Stayed here for two nights in February. Was a nice hotel, with great views, but the rooms felt small and older. I'd suggest requesting the newer tower (there are two towers to the hotel) when booking. Overall, a nice property, but not worth more than $160ish per night in my opinion. I'd look around and see what else is out there, if the rate is exceeding $160ish.

It's all good. The most quirky and genuinely welcoming hotel I've stayed in. The staff are helpful and will investigate any question you have (we were inquiring about nightclubs and restraunts a lot). The 24 hour food is an original and convenient idea. Loved the showers and the lounge too. The hotel is right beside Las Ramblas so within walking distance of everything. Highly recommended.PS- WATCH YOUR WALLET. Pickpockets are everywhere in Barcelona. Keep your wallet in an inside pocket if possible. Be careful in the back streets around Las Ramblas and on the escalators in the Metro. The bastards tried to steal my wallet twice in three days!

New, Clean Modern Hotel Hotel Was NEW. Stayed here like 3 weeks after opening. Check in was Simple Payment Upfront. Rooms Were small but all rooms in Japan are small. Had a Twin room on 12 floor. Big LCD tv in room Only 1 English Channel on TV CNN and because of the Time difference to the US of +16 there are hardly anything on it. There was a Guest Lounge on the 2nd Floor with 2 Computers for internet + Water and Tea and Coffee Machines. Easy to get to from Shinjuku Station South Exit. Turn Right out the station walk to the end of the road Turn Right Again and there it is. We found it without a map just from looking at the map on the Hotel website.

Excellent hostal. Like a very good hotel Hostal Barrera, is a very good quality hostal. It is very clean and has a very good service as a hostal. Also, the location is very confortable. All the important museums and monument are very close to the hostal. The subway is just a few meters from the hostal. The employers speak english. If i'll go to Madrid again, I'll prefer it.

Superb Value for Comfort I stay at this hotel quite often whilst on my trips and connecting journeys to Amsterdam. The hotel's location is a bit out of the main tourist areas but is served well efficiently, to from the hotel with the 15 minutes shuttle leaving from NH Barbizon Palace, opposite Centraal Station.The rooms are of high standards with all the amenities you would expect from a 4 star rated property despite it actually having an official 3 stars. It deserves better. Bathrooms are very clean and more than well equipped. Constantly the toileteries' selection is more generous than most other hotel companies I have stayed with. TV with few English and European Channels are avaialble in the rooms. Beds are very comfortable. The check-in staff are polite and helpful and they do actually try to remember that you stayed here before! Also I get to meet the Northwest Airlines Flight-crew in the mornings, everytime when I am checking out and they are leaving for Schiphol for their flight. Overall a highly recommended hotel for an extremely reasonable price.

Just Book Deluxe Room for the best luxury in Amsterdam Deluxe Room 1 (view from the entrance door)

Very good hotel, location ok We arrived at the hotel at around 10pm after a long day of flying from London. The hotel does not have an airport shuttle so we paid for a taxi (around $45).Being tired, we were pleased with the swift check-in. The first impressions of the hotel were good, a nice modern lobby with sealed off garden area, a very nice and spacious room with great view of the rest of LA from the 15th floor. The swimming pool was small but never had more than 5 people so a brilliant place to relax. The gym was very modern. The lady at the concierge, Amy, was extremely helpful and friendly, even at the busy times ensuring that she was acknowledging everyone waiting. The bellman was also great...we were walking out of the hotel to go buy a plug adapter, but he insisted on getting one for us, he didn't even take any money. So as well as the hotel being great, we were mightily impressed with staff.Even though the hotel is in downtown, we were slightly disappointed with the location being there as a tourist. The plaza next to the hotel was not lively, with only a Starbucks. However, the metro station is only a 5 minute walk and very cheap, around $1 if I remember correctly. It will take you direct to the Walk of Fame, Universal Studios, etc. The Universal Studios area was great, as the restaurant and bar area is extremely lively at all times, reminding me of Piccadily Circus in London.Overall, the Omni is a great hotel. Comfortable and good facilties although as a tourist, I would have preferred to stay in a hotel in the Universal Studios area, as it is still cheaper than W.Hollywood/Hollywood, closer to the main sites and has is lively all the time. Whether the hotels there are good or not I'm not sure!!

Less than stellar Rooms were old and tired. Lots of street noise as well as a street drummer from 9-10:30 every night. Food was so so. Construction on the hotel was happening during my stay and the had me in a room that was too close to the ongoing work.

Only one criticism I stayed in a single room for two weeks while on a course, and agree with other posts that this is a good, central hotel in an excellent position, with very pleasant and helpful staff. The single rooms are quite small, although comfortable enough and clean(I had just enough space to work on my laptop). For the price it is really excellent value. I would make only one criticism. The water is very hot, the shower cubicle is very small. It is very easy to knock the hot water to maximum. The water is then scalding hot - there is nowhere to go: you have to reach through the water for the tap or to get out! OK when you know the problem, but I don't think it would pass the health and safety test in the UK. This may only apply to the single rooms though. There is no restaurant, but the breakfasts are good, no fresh fruit juice being my only complaint, and you can always go across the square for a change.I would certainly book here again.

Like the curate's egg - good in parts El Convento has the possibility of being one of the great hotels, but is let down by needless inefficiencies. Its position, architecture and ambience are superb, but there are too many problems, individually small but adding up.We stayed for three nights in November. Like other previous respondents we arrived at a reasonable time to find no room available, nor any forecast as to when one would be. Eventually, at about 4pm we were given the keys to a room which was not made up. This was quickly remedied but annoying. No complaint about the reception and concierge who were pleasant. The new room was satisfactory, although not large.Again like many others, we found the lift out of order one day.The barman at the Tapas bar was downright unpleasant, although we were later informed that this bar is not part of the hotel. Best avoided, there is plenty of choice in the area. The main hotel restaurant was adequate and although not inspiring the staff were pleasant and efficient.The maid service left something to be desired with heavy dust in some areas.Other complaints were they lost our laundry (found eventually), and the telephone did not work. When we did manage to make a call, the pen did not work!However, that did not mean we did not enjoy our stay. Staff at the front desk was always helpful, especially Carmen, and other staff were always pleasant. The design and ambience of the hotel are stunning, at the centre of a beautiful historic city. The complimentary bar between 6 and 7pm is a lovely idea, and although the pool is small, the deck area has a beautiful aspect and is a pleasant place to relax.We still think this is the best place to stay in Old Sann Juan, but just wish they would get their act together.We booked through expedia.co.uk at a reasonable rate with no problems.

Very pleasant saty at the lovely Claris A seven night stay at the Hotel Claris for our fortieth wedding anniversary! Conveniently located for the first time Barcelona tourist, the hotel is a compact jewel in many ways. Lovely lobby with dramatic hallways, glass interior elevators ascending through a pleasing water garden, and an attentive staff made the stay most enjoyable. But, as with all good things, there was a wrinkle or two. With a street side room, there was consistent late night traffic noise. The maid opened the windows for the first 2 or 3 days and required a desk person to come up and re-secure them with the special key. And the attractive bathroom sink took forever to drain. I advised the desk of this to no avail. Because of the ultra convenient location, probably stay at the Claris again although there are super alternatives in the immediate area.

A superb hotel Couldn't fault the hotel at all. Elegant design, spotlessly clean, welcoming friendly staff, large room, clean towels every day. Breakfast relaxed (until 11 a.m.) with extensive choice of fruits, cereals, hot and cold meats, eggs, breads and rolls. We really enjoyed our four nights there and would be happy to return in the future.One suggestion - provide a kettle with tea/coffee facilities in the room please (Spanish hotels in general don't seem to do this).

Not really a five star, not really luxurious By no means this is a five starr hotel, although the price says it is. Not in service, not it ammenities or facility.The bed was comfortable, there is a bose wave radio in the room, but other than that, nothing else was out of the ordinary. Be prepared to pay extra for anything else. THere is wirless internet in the room, but pay extra 20 euros a day or 5 euros for an hour. There is room service, but you have to pay extra for it. Briging ice to the room is considered room service if you want to buy anything from the minibar. The location is very nice though. Away from the noise and very safe and clean area of the city and at a walking distance to all the important sites.

Great airport hotel I stay at this hotel regularly for work and I love it.The rooms are extremely well-appointed, clean, quiet and comfortable. There are some nice views of the airport. There is a good gym. The staff are friendly and helpful.My only complaint would be that the restaurants and room service are expensive but there are plenty of shops and restaurants at the airport which I use. There is a direct physical connection between the hotel and the airport so it is easy to get across.Clearly this hotel would only be of interest to someone arriving at or leaving the airport first thing in the morning or late at night, or someone working in one of the business parks or towns around Schiphol. No-one would want to stay here on holiday or if they are working in Amsterdam.However, if you are happy with the location, the hotel is great. By far the best at the Schiphol.

Absolutely Fantastic Outside the Chancellor

great location, very comfortable I stayed at the Hotel Balestri with my parents for one night in May, 2007. Our room was #223, for 3 people, facing the Arno.The hotel is an excellent location, in small piazza along the Arno, easy to find and convenient to the Piazza della Signoria, Santa Croce, and the Oltrarno. Our room faced the Arno and had an excellent view. It was spacious, and the bathroom very nice, featuring both a shower and a tub. The room had two large windows, great for the view, but a bit noisy at night when we left them open for the breeze. The TV had channgels in Italian, English, French, and German-- great selection. Decor was minimal, but just looking out the window made up for it.The staff were helpful and friendly enough, if not especially outgoing. On our final day, we ordered a taxi at the front desk, then successfully hailed one in the street to get to the station faster. The woman working the front desk seemed very angry that we had hailed our own taxi, and she tried to have us unpack our bags from the trunk and wait for the one she had called, which was a turn-off, but at that point we were leaving, so it didn't matter. At another point, a woman tripped in the main lobby, and the man behind the desk made no action to help her or even inquire if she were alright.Breakfast was served in a very comfortable and elegant space, though the selection wasn't huge (pastries, fruit, cereal). The music selection (contemporary pop, disco, and rb) seemed a bit out of place. You can pay extra and order more food, like eggs.Nickel and diming continues with the internet terminal in the lobby, which is inviting but also costs extra. At these prices, free internet would not be hard to provide, since the computer is always there and always turned on. I laughed and walked away when the woman quoted prices-- 3 Euros for a half hour, I think. Cheaper at an internet cafe down the street.There was some minor remodeling going on in the stairwell and on the floor below us, which was a bit annoying, though the workmen were friendly and always eager to get out of the way when we needed to pass.Overall, we were very happy with this hotel.

Screwy The location is great, right near Orchard and a 3 minute walk to the MRT. The remodel is screwy, though. Our first room had a busted tub drain and the closet light wouldn't go out (troublesome given the glass closet door. The room is tricky to walk around too. We were given another room, essentially identical, but the Muslim room, so plus prayer mat and minus booze. It's great they are so accomodating but kind of an odd room to give an Irish guy. Had to prop a bag on the closet door to keep the light out there too. The aggravating part is that it was virtually impossible to reach the front desk. Phone rings and rings, then the operator promises a call back which never comes. Then we go down, and presto, people all over the place (who don't seem THAT busy that they can't at least answer the phone. Screwy.

Nice hotel, horrible location It describes itself as a design hotel, but there were very few touches making me think of it as that. The room was spacious, but staff was mediocre. Because of a flight delay, I arrived later than I expected and they had canceled my reservation (even though I pre-paid). It took almost an hour to get it resolved.My biggest problem was that the hotel is quite a distance from any restaurant or attraction. It's a bit of a walk to the tram and metro stations, and several minutes to get anywhere from there.

Quiet, nice, and SMALL It's a very nice hotel just behind the high-end shops. One of the other reviews alluded to thin walls, but the single rooms on the first floor have concrete walls that made the room extra quiet. Be ready though, the single room is about 3 meters by 4 meters (9 x 12 feet), smaller than my college dorm.Breakfast was decent, not terrific.The location was perfect for me -- walking distance to Leidsplein and 100 meters from the 2 and 5 tram stop.All of the staff were very helpful, even at 23:00! I'd stay there again, but they don't have availability...

Drab I have just returned from a 7 Day holiday in New York City and unfortunately made the mistake of booking the Affinia Dumont. I made the choice after reading other trip advisor member reviews and seeing that the hotel is ranked as one of NY's best. I have always been delighted with previous hotels I have booked as a result of trip advisor but certainly not on this occasion. This hotel is best summed up as drab and dreary. Let me explain. The reception area is similar to that of a travelodge/motel. The carpets throughout the hotel are dirty and worn, the room is dreary, no colour anywhere and the hotel smells musty. There is no bar, no restaurant and no where nice to relax after a day in the city. The Affinia is way overpriced for what it offers. Friends were staying at various other hotels in NY and were much closer to everything, paid much less and had much more facilities. The Affinia Dumont may cater for a business person who needs a bed for the night and the company is picking up the tab but if you are a tourist looking to enjoy NYC then please book another hotel. I met friends at the Novotel and can vouch for the superior condition/quality of this particular hotel. To be fair on the Affinia staff, they were friendly and welcoming and the bed was very comfortable however The Affinia is simply just not worth the money.

Fantastic City, Wonderful Hotel We stayed in this hotel in September 2005 for 11 nights. We arrived at Barcelona Airport late afternoon and caught a train from the airport to Sant Adria del Besos (4 euro each taking approx 30mins) Since the tram outside this station wasn't operating we got on a bus that was put on instead, and this dropped us off outside the hotel. Taxi Fare would have been 30 euro. We took advantage of a room on the 22nd floor which provided breathtaking views of the city. The room was modern and clean. Facilities included air conditioning, pc point with free internet access for those with their own laptop, television, safe, and minibar providing 5 free drinks daily (1 beer, 1 coke, 1 lemon and 2 water). We were slightly dissapointed that the large double bed was in fact 2 single beds pushed together but they were joined by brackets so didn't come away from each other. The hotel pools were very small however as we were rarely in the hotel we would not have been in a position to use them anyway. We did use the sauna which was again very clean and free towels provided. Across from the hotel entrance about 75metres is the underground station El Maresme/Forum(Line 4) and I would recommend you buy a T 10 given 10 rides on the underground system. NB The underground closes at 12am Mon-Thurs but is open until 2am at weekends. Taxis are reasonably inexpensive so if you have ventured into the city centre it doesn't cost a fortune to get back to the hotel in the early hours. Barcelona has so much to offer from a sandy beach to gothic architecture to modern art. The hotel offers free internet access from 2 pc's on the 1st floor and this is useful for finding out places of interest or local restaurants whilst you are there. The hotel bar is well stocked and nice for a quiet drink although did lack a bit of atmosphere. Olympic Port is only 30minutes walking distance for those looking for a more lively nightime scene. Overall a modern, clean and friendly hotel and we will definetly consider staying there on our next Barcelona visit.

Excellent Stay at the Copley Gold Signature King Rm Vanity

Highly Recommend for weekend of indulgence Lobby view upon entering

Friendly in Florence Hotel Ungherese in Florence, Italy is a small family run establishment in a pleasant residential neighborhood. If you are looking for a moderately price hotel in a quiet neighborhood and you don't mind a 10 to 15 minute bus ride from the Duomo, Hotel Ungherese is the place. (We met other travelers that spent much more and complained of hearing street noise at night)Make sure to spend some time exploring the neighborhood within several blocks of the Ungherese and you will be rewarded with a view of attractive homes, some with fabulous roses.

peace in paradise stayed in kuta for 6 days then to tepi sawah. all I can say is that the location on the edge of the rice fields is perfect. the villas are second to none , the service is excellent with free transport into ubud and return on request. plenty of opportunites to walk around ubud, only downside was it seemed to close down about 11pm, othewise great.

Great hotel with friendly staff in one of the nicest neighbourhoods of Paris The Albe hotel in the Quartier Latin neighbourhood is a very nice hotel at a super location and with relatively spacious rooms (given it's Paris). Nice atmosphere, both in the hotel and in the surroundings. Lively nightlife (one night when we returned at our hotel, there were thre guys playing guitar and singing with the audience singing alone, Great!) and a lot of things to do (including good eating and drinking at reasonable prices). Would go there again when in paris next time.

Geat hotel, but with a very rude welcome The bathroom

Great View and Lots of Space We stayed at this place for four nights in April, 2007.We had a one bed room apartment with a large living area, a good sized bed room, a small kitchen, and a very small bathroom.The hotel is located one block from the top of Nob Hill, and our apartment was on the 18th floor. The view was spectacular, and our living room was a wonderful setting for entertaining friends.A breakfast of coffee, juice, and pastry or bagel is served under the watchful eye of two women--one of whom is grim and who seems to regard hotel guests as beggars. Insist on a bear claw.The furnishings are dated and a bit beat up, but the spaciousness of the apartment and great view more than compensated for these deficiencies.

We Liked the Service and Location We stayed at this hotel December 24-31, 2007, for a rate of $235 which included compact car, valet parking, and breakfast.This property has recently undergone a complete remodel, and we loved the location, which is a short walk from the beach and dozens of shopping and dining options.We had a standard room on the 16th floor with a mountain view. The room, with balcony, was decorated in a pleasing contemporary style. It had two comfortable beds, desk and chair, dresser, fridge, excellent flat-screen TV, and a weird coffee machine that made two cups of coffee. The room was a little on the small side with no table for dining and only the desk chair for seating.The bathroom had a large shower, but no tub. The towels were plush and large. It was good.Breakfast was limited to two choices and the coupon could not be applied to other options. Each morning I chose an omelet, toast, and coffee. The waitresses were extremely pleasant, but a waiter we had one morning was a little on the boorish side.We made good use of the business office in the lobby which offered free internet access.The service from the front desk, cleaning staff, and valets was superb--it spoiled us for other places we stayed later on our trip.

A Good Alternative if the Rate is Right We stayed at this property for three nights in July, 2007.We booked through Priceline at $145 (the rack rate was $152-$195).We were first put into a small room with two queen beds. I requested a larger room and was given a suite with one-bedroom which had a comfortable king bed, two night stands, dresser, TV, and closet. The city skyline could be seen from the bedroom window.The living room was large and bright--with lots of windows that looked out onto a neighborhood of auto dealerships, Budget car rental, etc.The property is located a 10- to 15-minute walk from stores such as Nordstrom and Macy's, entertainment, and major restaurants.Parking and an o.k. breakfast were included in the rate. The business people and tourists in the breakfast room were similar in appearance to those we see at Hampton Inn, Hilton Garden Inn, etc.Nearby dining options include a well-established Korean restaurant, Whole Foods grocery store, a 24-hour greasy spoon (Hurricane), and Amore Italian restaurant (which is a good option if you aren't up to walking more than three blocks).I was pleased with our upgraded suite, but I would have been unhappy if I had to spend three nights in the small room with two Queen beds. I took a peak at a Deluxe King room; it was a better option.

Great Location for Sightseeing This hotel has a perfect location for walking to all the important sights.We had a very large, quiet room with high ceilings (#37). The bathroom was unusually large, too.Breakfast was o.k., but the quality of the baked goods was not as good as we had elsewhere. Also, breakfast was served in a make-shift breakfast room because the reception area and breakfast room were being remodeled. The food may taste better in the more attractive surroundings.The staff was pleasant and helpful.While searching for a restaurant recommended by one of our guidebooks, we stumbled on a delightful restaurant at which we ate several times: Hostaria il Desco at Via del Terme 23, which is near the Rialto Bridge. This restaurant, which opened less than a year ago, is already popular with locals. They have great prices and delicious food. Check out the special lunch menu and ask for the set dinner menu.

Plus and Minus If you like boutique hotels, you will probably like this place. However, be aware that some interior rooms are very dark and that the location is close only to the Zona Rosa.

service with a smile no problems here. staff very helpfull and would offer and advice you needed..rooms very clean and tidy tea and coffee anytime in bar was agodsend. drinks costing good and hotel was close to some very good shopping areas and to walk the canals from the hotel was a pleasure thumbs up to all the staff there would loved to have spent more time there but had to move on.

For the Discernign Traveller! Amongst the reviews for this hotel I was surprised to see a negative one. We returned to this hotel in January so we must have been satisfied! If you want 4/5 star accommodation then go to a 4/5 star place. This hotel does not pretend to be that kind of place but offers everything the discerning traveller needs at a very acceptable price. The rooms are perfectly clean and comfortable with en suite shower and toilet. The breakfast room though small is adequate. The free internet and free local phone calls are a bonus. The fact that you have to use the ferry to reach Sydney Central Business District at AU$3.30 a trip (if you buy a Harbour Ten ticket) is frankly a bit of a bonus for the sheer pleasure of commuting on Sydney's iconic harbour ferry across the most beautiful harbour in the world. The ferry landing is less than 5 minutes walk away and the trip takes only 5-10 minutes direct to Circular Quay. It offers a pleasant stay in a North Sydney Harbour side Suburb away from the hustle and bustle - but near enough. Lovely walk round Mosman Bay and the Cremorne Reserve. Would recommend this inextravagant hotel to anyone

Great Hotel Just one of the pools

Ugh - Avoid! Better places to be found in the same area! Maybe this hotel was once a nice place to stay... back in the 1960's! It's old and it shows. From the dreary drapes to the clean but worn out bathrooms. It's an embarassment to the Hilton name, IMO. It may be cheaper, but really, for $10-$30/night more you can find a much better place to stay and still be close(if not closer) to Bourbon Street.

Loved it! Pricey, but nice Best bed and pillows I've ever slept on in my entire life. Room was a bit small, but very chic. Staff was courteous, professional and helpful. Well-located in downtown San Francisco. Cost a ton per night, but someone else was paying, haha!

Average Hotel We were disappointed to find just how far away this hotel was from the centre of Amsterdam. It involved a 40 min tram ride and cost lots of euros each time. The area in which it is placed is a nice one but there is a park by the hotel where teenagers congregate at night and create a lot of noise until after midnight,which does not help when you are trying to get to sleep.The hotel is also on the take off path for Schipol Airport which means even more disturbed sleep. There is no air conditioning which means that in extremely hot weather windows had to be opened wide letting in the noise of aircraft and rowdy teenagers! Beware of the ancient lift which is like a 'dumb waiter' anywhere else in the world this lift would be in a museum! The food was good and the staff OK. I rate this as distinctly average. Be careful to add extra for the local tax (some idea of the actual cost before hand would have been helpful). Be aware of an Internet Booking Charge added to your bill as well! Why? We did not use the internet at the hotel we only booked by internet from home.

Totally detested the Charlesmark! We have just arrived back in England from Boston and three nights at this hotel.I have always trusted Tripadvisors comments as we travel quite extensively, but were they wrong this time!As soon as we walked into the foyer I could tell what we had let ourselves in for, black and grey was the greeting, it continued in the lift, into the passagway, yes, grey carpet, grey walls.Into the room, grey walls and carpet, a huge mirror greeted us, 6'high x over 5' wide, wow!, however, the tiny wardrobe, only 4' high a 12 wide and contained a fold-up chair and an ironing board was totally useless..Nowhere to store clothes, so our luggage had to placed on the floor, it could not go under the bed because the minimilistic moron who designed the room had boxed the underside out so it looked pretty, but, again, totally useless.The bedside lights were on a dimmer on the wall which no-one explained, we had to guess, they did not adjust heightwise so we had to turn the head of the light which was in our faces when we were reading.There were two large windows, with charcoal grey blinds, obviously no curtains.The shower was grey slate walls, and dark quarry tiled floor.The Lounge was grey, cream vinyl diamonds on the walls, and guess what colour the carpet was?If you want to wake up in a morning and know what living in a prison cell is like, stay here!I simply cannot understand how owners of a hotel can ignore the absolute basics of travel, i.e. comfort and practibility, this dump has neither.

Great Value Good Clean Rooms, Great location for walking and subway access, Good Service, Friendly and helpful staff. Internet staton on site. Had breakfast available I got slightly larger room with very good view high up (5th floor) as requested. Quiet to related to street noise. Did hear next door neighbor once but hey - the price was outstanding

Great Hotel away from the crowds of downtown Closer shot of hotel entrance

Awesome resort! Internet Cafe and Buffet near the beach

No frills; Great location Typical Ibis hotel - safe standard hotel. No frills but great location being a 30 second walk from Grand Central Station.Room was small but not a real issue for us only staying 2 nights. Room had great view into Amsterdam town though.Hot breakfast didnt have has browns or bacon so a bit disappointing for full english breakfast lovers!Canal Bus hop on hop off tour stop right in front of central station.

ok hotel. value for money given the location. stayed 2 nights in a superior room. comes in 4 themes, Chinese, Indian, Malay, and Modern. dont ask me which one my room was themed after, i dont know any different.value for money: price is just about right, given size of room, quality of room and location of hotel.hotel room: size is just a little small, but that's ok given that its not a room to be enjoyed but to sleep in. they have cable tv (korean, japanese, sports, news, etc) and LCD tv so that's pretty cool.toilet: no bath, just shower. however, the toilet gave out a stink smell. not very obvious if you leave the door open and aircon turned on. but if you are in the bathroom, you can smell the stink. maybe its just my room, or those that are connected to the same faulty plumbing.internet access: free! that's a plus point. and when you check in, they ask if you know how to use it, and if you have a laptop, they will offer you a LAN cable for connection. of course, you would have to return it or they will charge it to your room, haha.distance to nearest MRT station: not too good. have to walk quite a distance, as it is smack right between the 2 nearest stations.getting a taxi: not many taxi drivers know about this hotel, as its not very well known yet. even if it is probably the ONLY hotel in these parts. since a majority of drivers are chinese, if you can tell them the chinese name (which is nothing like link hotel, duh!), they can probably relate to it better. of course, showing the map of the hotel location might help a bit.nearby food and convenience kiosk: 5 stars! the famous tiong bahru food court (upgraded to a 2-storey building recently) and a few seafood restaurants are just a walk around the block. one seafood restaurant turned me off. i waited 30 min and then checked with the waitress, only to find that the food will take another 30 min. i left at that point. moral of the story: ask before you sit down how long it will take for your orders to be served. and next to the food court is a 7-11 24-hour convenience outlet. next to the 7-11 is a nice little restaurant that sells shanghainese food, like small dragon steamed buns, fried rice cakes, etc.

Wonderful We found our stay, 5 nights, to be extremely well supported by a fabulous staff. When we had an issue, the response was as good as it could be. The decor is beautiful. Our room (636) was extremely well appointed. The location of the hotel couldn't have been better. The restaurant was well run with good food. This is the only hotel we have found that PRINTS the paper of your choice.If we were to return to Barcelona we would definitely stay again at the hotel.

Snug gem! Tucked away behind the Pantheon in the Latin Quarter, this boutique hotel is really worth considering. You won't find a pool, or air conditioning apart from a fan - but you will find pleasant, helpful staff and clean, compact but very comfortable and affordable rooms. The area is ideal for some interesting walks: try the Jardin des Plantes or the Luxembourg Gardens (magic!). There are restaurants just around the corner, at one of those wonderful happening intersections.Ideal for couples and explorers-on-foot.

Best Part of Barcelona! 'Tourists' want to take their environment with them like a snail in its shell; 'Travellers' relish the local, the unique, the colorful. Fortunately, my wife, our friend and I are Travellers, or we might have missed this absolutely fantastic over-the top gem of a place. Sergio and Abel obviously love L'Antic Espai: it's obvious, from the eclectic and eccentric decor to their concern that the guest too should feel this is their home. The hotel is a restored townhouse, and is accessed through a 'door in a door', then up the stairs. Location is great - near Las Ramblas, shopping and the best tapas in Barcelona (superb French restaurant around the corner too!). The rooms are tiny (of course) but sumptuously furnished. The beds are very comfortable; a/c ensuite bathrooms 'like new'. We stayed in two different rooms - just because the best one became available and the boys thought we might like to try it! Overall, it's the decor and the 'style' that you'll remember. This is more an experience of a home than a hotel. Poke, pry, ask questions - you're with enthusiasts! Oh, and if you read that negative review from the man who never came, let us tell you that there is nothing wrong with the business end of things - except it becomes more of a pleasure!

Not what it used to be i've stayed at this hotel many, many times, from the week after opening, until my most recent stay last month. I feel I am therefore in a position to say that the service has gone down a notch or two. The service at the front desk is not as effortless or as friendly as it used to be. During the first two years of operation I felt that the Ritz-Carlton was the best hotel in Singapore hands down. However now, whether it's due to cost cutting or otherwise, the staff is not up to their own previously set standards. The reception staff is often distracted, juggling several tasks at once. On two seperate check in occasions the staff was brisk in replies to the point of being discourteous.In the past I sent my clients, family and friends to this hotel. The emergence of several excellent boutique hotels and serviced apartments in Singapore make the Ritz Carlton a less attractive proposition. If a premium price is to be charged, the serivce had better be up to the level. It isn't. As a result I cannot recommend this hotel as a first choice. If I pay a premium I want premium service, it's as simple as that. The interior upholstery fabrics, carpets, and lighting scheme could use a refresh as well; they're looking tired. The Ritz-Carlton is still better than average; it's just not as good as it used to be.On a plus point, the bathrooms are still the most romantic and breathtaking in Singapore. And the sashimi served in the small Japanese restaurant is amongst the top three in South East Asia.The hotel still deserves an above average rating but in terms of value for money it is distinctly average.

Perfect location Spent seven nights in the Suites on One King West and, apart from having a poor view (I had an internal room on the 15th floor, 1516), I couldn't fault the hotel.The room was spacious, well equipped and clean. It's location is perfect, right in the middle of the financial district, which makes it the ideal location to get to the entertainment district and the shopping.In the whole week spent in Toronto not once didI need to use any form of transportation other than my two feet.There is breakfast available in the hotel, but just a block or two away are two fantastic eateries for your first meal of the day, both on Yonge St - Over Easy and the Sunset Grill, which will leave you ready for the day ahead.Would certainly reccomend this hotel to anyone visiting Toronto, great value for money and the staff are helpful and friendly.

Excellent Hotel, very helpful staff We booked this hotel on Hotwire and got a great deal for two nights before our cruise. The hotel has one of the best overal in Barcelona, within a few yards to the underground, five minutes walk to Las Ramblas and five minutes walk to the beautiful modern port area where there are endless walks and pleasure boat trips available.We were going on a cruise and needed a taxi to get to the cruise port (12 - 20 euro, depending on the driver).The trip in from the airport cost just over 30 Euros and takes about 20 minutes depending on traffic although evening rush hours can take over an hour easily.The hotel staff were excellent and they offer free WiFi access or broadband using their own business centre if you do not carry your own laptop.The breakfast buffet in the hotel is a bit limited but if you purchase breakfasts for the full duration of your stay it will only cost 9.50 Euro and is very reasonable as the food is of good quality although the hot items are a bit limited. Or if you prefer there are plenty of restaurants and bakeries within a few minutes walk.

The Belvedere was very average. This was our first stay in the USA and we chose the Belvedere for our 4 nights in New York. The Hotel is showing it's age and is very basic, there is no lunch or dinner restaurant or even a bar! The room aircon was quite noisy as it is a bolt-on unit attached to the window. The TV didn't work initially and we had to get the repairman in. The staff were friendly enough but the Hotel was generally noisy, felt small and pokey. I could not reccomend this hotel. On the plus side the buffet breakfast was pretty good. We loved New York in spite of the uninspiring hotel though.

UNBELIEVABLE towels After reading some reviews of the Mayflower we decided to book ourselves in and save some money (we had originally contacted the Hol Inn Fishermans Wharf about staying there) - we ended up paying just over half the amount of the Hol Inn and glad in our hotel choice!The Mayflower is located just a few blocks from Union Square (5 minute walk) so is ideally situated to all the action. Rooms are superb, with a good sized main area, a small kitchen, and a nicely proportioned bathroom. We didnt really use the kitchen apart from the fridge to keep drinks cool, but if you were staying here and wanted to cook yourself, you would have no problems there!The free internet access is great and the free continental breakfast was a nice touch - sets you up for the dayThe thing that will live in my mind forever about this hotel though will be the towels! I have never smelt better towels! I (along with the other 3 members of our party) actually looked forward to having showers so we could get to use the fresh towels that had been laid out - we should have swiped some of the fabric conditioner and brought it home with us!I would have no hesitation in staying here again, as the location is good, the staff extremely friendly and helpful, and most importantly, the price is very very good value!

Loved it We spent two weeks at the Sirenis Cocotal Resort in the Dominican Republic from January 17 to January 31, 2007 and we have nothing negative to report. We landed in the Punta Cana Airport. This airport is open and hot. Passengers have to board the plane outside and walk across the tarmac. The resort picked us up at the airport in a nice air-conditioned bus and it took over one hour to get to the resort, because of the stops the bus has to make to let passengers off at other resorts. We had no problem checking in at the front desk and we did get the ocean view room we requested when we booked. The resort is huge. It is actually two resorts in one, because the Sirenis Tropical suites is just on the other side of the wide walkway that leads from the lobby to the ocean. All the buildings are three stories high.The place is immaculate and kept that way, very well organized and the rooms are cleaned fast and thoroughly. The beach is huge with plenty of palm trees and there is shade for the people who seek it. We never had to fight to get chairs. It was windy most of the time and the ocean not as calm as we would have liked, but there is a huge reef farther out in the ocean and the waves break there, so the ones who get through are not strong. For the people who like to lounge around the pool, it is huge and friendly. Because of the Sirenis Tropical suites resort next door there are many families with children, but it is not a problem. Dining: There are two buffets and seven a la carte restaurants. We find booking for the a la carte restaurants a large problem, but you have to stand in line for over half an hour most of the time. We went twice to the Asian (the shrimp were good), twice to the Seafood (Try the grouper, it is excellent). I had an upset stomach for a night because of the shrimp cocktail in the pineapple. I found it too rich. The Steakhouse was okay. I found the steak too salty.Lunch we had in the restaurant close to the ocean, by the pool. In the evening, it is the Italian and Mexican a la carte, but it is a buffet during the day. Wonderful crepes for desert.The staff is friendly and attentive, and they make a distinction between the different guests, the way we found in Samana last year, where they catered mostly to French speaking guests.Because the resort is so large there are a lot of people, however, we never felt crowded. Everything is laid back and it is fairly quiet, except for a couple of days, when a bunch of young people was being towed around on a rubber dingy by a motorboat trying to plunge them into the water. That was quite annoying because it was too close to the swimming area and therefore noisy and the stink of diesel overpowering.There are resorts on either side of the Serinis Cocotal, about half an hours walk along the beach. A nice walk, except for the aggressive vendors in the gift shops who will intercept people who walk by them. The food was good, plenty of variety. The soups were delicious. This was actually the first resort been to where the beef was tender enough to be edible. The pork and chicken was excellent and prepared in different ways. Lots of fresh salads and salad dressings, not just vinegar and oil. Deserts were fine, too. The lobby is large with plenty of chairs and tables to relax. There are two bars and no problems getting drinks. On the weekends there is entertainment in the lobby with a singer was great) and Karaoke (I comment on that!)One of the disappointing things was the fact that there is not much for shopping around the resort, except for the gift shops, and they carry only the usual souvenirs. We found prices high. And they only carry rum. One vendor brought us Gin, but he wanted 1,500 pesos 55.00 US dollars for 1.20 liters!!) Then he came down to 1,000 pesos, which is still around 37.00 US dollars. (We got 27 pesos for 1.00 US dollar at the hotel. There is no other place to exchange your checks and they take advantage of that.) We bought our duty free liquor on the plane. Not as cheap as buying it in a store in the Dominican, but still a bit of a saving.Going home, it took almost two hours to get back to the airport, because some passengers in the resorts on the way ready, so we had a bit of a rush at the airport. It is hot standing in line to get processed and light clothing is recommended. There are no liquids of any kind permitted in the carry on luggage, so we had our lunch on the bus (we packed it in the morning). All in all, we had a wonderful holiday and probably go back there.

"...Luis Anymore Champagne? Si!" My wife and I were at the Excellence between April 15th and 23rd. We are a couple in our mid-thirties from Toronto. been to Punta Cana several times in the past. This resort was by far the best stayed at anywhere. The staff were #1. We ate at all the restaurants except for the Lobster House. The food was very good. Room service was good and pretty quick. There is a good selection of liquor and the staff will make you anything you like. Our last day there was spent on a four poster the flowing white drapes and all. The hotel had given us a bottle of Spanish Champagne which we took to the beach in a bucket of ice. the X-Lounge beach bar was kind enough to few more bottles for us. that for a day at the beach! The staff bring around pizza, nachos, fruit kabobs, sandwiches, etc. during the day. The no reservation system is great in our view. If you go between 6:30 usually get a table right away. Otherwise they give you a pager and you simply go have a drink, shop or listen to music for 15-40 minutes. The staff remember you. The Marti bar staff remembered each day that I came by for an expresso mid-afternoon and around 7pm. It was also nice not having to drink out of disposable plastic cups, as was the case at other resorts been to. A frosted mug of draft is very nice. Once night they set up a boxing ring and had 4-5 three round fights. That was interesting.For those who like bottled beer vs. draft, you can only get bud, bud-lite and MGD at the Martini bar (sometimes at the Kafe However, your maid will get you as much presidente in the bottle as you like. Just ask (tip). If I was going back, bring a little cooler to fill up at the ice machine before hitting the beach each day. Your fridge is full of beer, water and soft drinks. I have nothing but good things to say about the resort and staff. I took the advice here on Trip-Advisor and went to stall to get some cigars. I think a male family member or friend was covering for her, because he wanted to charge me $24 for one VERY cheap cigar, which should have been $3 at most. not talking about a Cuban cigar that I might buy here in Toronto for that $25, talking a plastic wrapped Dominican no-name. Anyway, no big deal. Great place, great staff, wonderful time. All that for Cdn$1,299.00 plus tax! Wow!

No Problems The hotel from Karl Marx Allee

Excellent Well pleased with the Raco di Pi Really enjoyed the Raco Di Pi excellent service great roomReally good location.Close to Las Ramblas and the main square.The best value was the turistbus 2 day pass

Hotel des Grands Hommes is very good Excellent hotel very conveniently located to some of the main Paris sights. Great reasonably priced restaurants nearby. Hotel staff very friendly and the room decorated to a high standard. Would happily stay there again.

loved the Ritz Stayed here for one night with the wife,both of us loved it, a bit out of the way, but it was nice and quiet at night, ,the 14th floor rise bar is nice, excellent view of the statue of liberty, drinks are pricey, but expected at a Ritz Carlton, would go back in a second

Nice hotel. Convenient Location I chose this hotel mainly because it was one of the few 4+ star hotels not to jack their prices up considerably due to a soccer match being held the same night (which was the purpose of my trip anyway).The mention of Darling Harbour in the title is a bit of a misnomer, as it is one street off Chinatown, yet a good 10-15 min walk to the heart of Darling Harbour.The hotel is directly across the road from the Sydney Entertainment Centre. Very convenient for those attending concerts or basketball matches at that venue.Express checkout was very convenient. Porters and Front desk staff were quite friendly and efficient.The one downside is the power switch at the door (like many hotels these days) requires your room key to be inserted (or an unneeded card of any type will do). Housekeeping will remove the card if you are absent. In my case, my mobile phone and laptop failed to charge fully.Had absolutely no issue with the renovations at the property. There are many notices in the hotel advising of the renovations and the times you will experience noise (which from memory was from 0830-1800).While I did hear a bit of noise during those times, it wasn't enough to annoy me (maybe I picked a good day).

Bit out of the way Nice 4 star hotel in a fairly quiet neighbourhood away from most of the tourist spots.Whilst internet access in the room is quite expensive EUR19.95 per day, there is a free PC in the lobby, although it can (understandably) get quite busy at times.Breakfast was nothing too special.Subway station is a quick walk from the hotel (Spittelmarkt on the U2 line).There is a small convenience shop hidden away at the back of the hotel (and across the road).

Ok if you get it cheap I got a cheap rate by booking well in advance. It certainly isn't worth it's standard room rate.I was on the 2nd floor. If your room number is in the 20's or above (eg 225, 326), be prepared for a looong hike to your room.There was no wireless access to my room (because it was so far away from the access point I assume). There was cabled access, but reception had no cables left.The restaurant is almost 5 star quality (and comes priced accordingly). As someone who arrived off a flight at 9pm and was on another flight at 7am, I only wanted a quick, basic, cheap meal. Even a burger or hot dog would have done. Ended up eating the chocolate in the mini-bar in my room.There is a piece of carpet missing about halfway along the corridor on the 2nd floor. If you get a room near this area, you may want to change rooms, as other guests rolling their luggage onto the exposed concrete are going to keep you up all night.

Nice Suite and Great Views Living Room

Nice location, but nothing specail Flowers at the hotel

Nice hotel, Good location Flowers at the hotel

Great Deal! Got a great deal at the Marinna Inn. The location was nice, the hotel clean, friendly and problem free. We had a room on the street and the noise didn't bother us a bit - but we are used to downtown living. I would recommend for anyone on a budget.

Great location, average hotel I stayed here for 4 nights in May, attending business meetings in Sydney.The location is fabulous, easy walking distance of Darling Harbour, Circular Quay/Opera House, The Rocks etc.The rooms are beginning to look a little in need of renovation the bathroom I had was fine - clean all the facilities but just tending a little towards renovating time.All the basics are there - flat screen TV (although the channel selection is a little biased towards local Aussie TV. I couldn't find CNN for example but there are LOTS of sports channels local channels), broadband internet a comfy bed.Breakfast is a little on the slow/bureaucratic side if there are more than 2 guests in front of you. Everyone has to stop, confirm room # sign receipt before they will seat you. Result is efficiency for hotel but queues for guests.Staff are VERY helpful will help you get taxis, decide where to go for the evening etc. Check-out is fast efficient.

Service is variable here I have stayed at the Raffles many times. It is the recommended hotel by my company.I have read some of the reviews below have to say my experience is it can be very variable, depending on who is on duty how busy they are!I have experienced some of the longest check-in queues 'jobs worth' attitude there but I have also experienced amazing customer service (late check-outs to 10pm on one occasion, v attentive concierge).The rooms are nice, slightly above average business style rooms - many with great views. All 'necessities' are there - Internet, fruit, big TV, comfortable bed etc.Location is good - right next door to Chijmes, shopping centres, subway etc.I think, as with many hotels, it all depends how busy they are.

Good hotel but ageing The Grand Plaza is located very well with very easy access to Orchard Road.The reception is efficient, the staff very helpful indeed. As other reviewers have noted, they try very hard to please.The rooms are adequate. Nothing very special, decent bed, decent TV Internet access.However, possibly my fault as I booked the same week I stayed there - I found it VERY expensive for what was on offer. I paid SG$ 450++ for an Executive Floor room.The Executive Floor lounge is small the breakfast is limited to say the least. The bedroom I was in was fine relatively modern but the bathroom was old fashioned the shower was older than me!All in all, fine hotel, great service but way over priced for what you get in my case.

Great hotel, good location I have stayed here several times find it great. Rooms are very clean (as you'd expect in Tokyo) relatively large. All facilities are there.Breakfast is good, with freshly squeezed orange juice as well as all the basics.Check in can be typically regimented Japanese style but very efficient fast.Getting to the airport is very easy efficient again - via the limousine bus (not sure what is 'limousine' about it but it is great gets you there relatively fast).Access to the GREAT shopping night life is Shibuya is 100m from the front of the hotel.Only slight negative are the TV channels - you need to be clever to get English working.

Expensive ... but great This is a great hotel in many waysGood location next door to Marina Square shopping which, itself is next door to City Hall MRT station.Great staff, always smiling prepared to help.Good location for large business event. We held a 250 person conference there it went very smoothly.Rooms are comfortable with all facilities you come to expect (good bed, internet, decent TV, comfortable bathroom with decent shower).Food is ok, if a little unexciting in the restaurants.Concierge is very happy to recommend places to go out to see advise how best to get there.Staff are flexible too. I had to extend my stay due to the problems in Thailand there were no problems accomodating me at short notice.All in all great - only niggle is the price. It seems expensive, even for what you get.

Hotel good, Staff great! I have stayed at the RC Millenia several times have always found it special a great example of the 'classic' Ritz Carlton style.The staff are happy to go to almost any lengths for the guests seem genuinely friendly.If the staff can capture one of your preferences (from the type of pillow you like to the types of beer you drink) - they will record it work hard to ensure you get it.The location is great, superb views of the harbour.I'd stay there every time I visit Singapore if I could.

Great place to see Florence from A great place to stay as several others have said.Angela her husband are great hosts. Very helpful, eager to ensure you have a good stay, rightfully proud of Florence the area.I have to disagree with SkiingTourist below. This is a Residence, which means you do NOT get meals. Having said that, Angela does provide very basic croissants, cakes fruit juices etc. for you to eat if you want. We did not pay anything additional for cleaning?A great location as well - quiet but easy access into the centre, (via Bus #23). Nice little cafe Trattorias close by as well. A short walk to the Pallazo Michelangelo, complete with it's stunning views sunsets over Florence.If/when we go back - we'll definitely stay there again!

I did not want to go, but had a good time anyway!!! Ok, I really did not even want to take this trip, but the wife really wanted to do the DR. I ended up liking it anyway!2 adults, and 2 teens (16 and 13) made the trip.The basics: If you book the travel through Club Med, it is all totally painless. You are met at the departing airport, signed in, given your luggage tags and off you go through the airline process. when you arrive, you go to the club med booth (avoid the sleazy baggage handlers. They will yank the bags out of your hand, because they see the club med tag, and walk them 50 feet to the booth). At the booth you get your room key and you are off to the bus.The bus was beautiful, new and air conditioned. Its a 10 minute ride, nice. You get your wrist band and they take care of your bags.The place: The grounds are immaculate, very neat and tidy. The rooms are pleasant, nothing terribly special, but nothing wrong with them either. We had a nice balcony, not on the water, but you could see the water. As many have pointed out, this place is large. Just to be accurate, one day I took a walk from the reception desk to the furthest room. It was a solid 7 minutes at a brisk pace. So if you don't like walking you are in trouble! My room was 4 minutes brisk walk from the center of town.We had no problem with bugs, and never put on repellent.The food: If you can not find food you like here, there is something wrong with you. Remember, this is Club Med, relaxed and casual. If you are expecting a formal sit down dinner, you are staying at the wrong resort. Nice bottle of red wine on every table at dinner. They ALWAYS had the standard stuff for the picky eaters (burgers, chicken, pasta, pizza). But more fun to be had trying things like whole grilled fish (with the eyes!), Dominican stew, etc. Always lots of cheese and fruits around. Tons of nice desserts. I really think the spread of food for all three meals was fantastic.The beach: Nice enough, but you are on a private section. The pros: no other hotel's guests wandering through. The con: you don't see miles of sandy white beach, and you can't go for a long long walk. The water is ok, but not the crystal clear I remember from other places. They have wind surfers, small sailboats and snorkel equipment. Classes every day to learn. Never seemed to be a huge wait to get anything. But: always windy and a strong current. I could never manage to tack the wind surfer back and always had to be rescued!Never really had a problem getting a lounge chair. At some parts of the mid day, every chair has a towel on it, so they are all taken. But then it slows down. If you get out at a normal time, you will not have a problem at all. You do not have to go out at 7 in the morning and reserve a chair. Chairs always to be had at the pool side.The drinks: Bar always open. Its the basic Rum and Coke, Pina Colada style of things, all free. Local beer ok. Again, if you are looking for a Grey Goose martini, you are staying at the wrong place! Never a line to get a drink.For Kids: We never saw our 16 year old daughter except for the hour before dinner for shower up. They can stay occupied the entire time, and they love it. They all cry when its time to leave. They do a talent show, all the kids are in it, its great. However, there is plenty of underage drinking going on, it seems. It is a wild time at the beach disco from 11pm to 4am, and its a mix of adults and kids. Kind of a bad idea. We made our kid come to the room at 11:45 at the latest, but some teens were there all night. Better hope your kids are trustworthy, or they will be drinking and having their first sexual experience!!!Sports: You can stay as busy as you like with tennis, volleyball, archery, ping pong, the gym etc. I would not say this is a place to get any good instruction or clinics, but they get you out there on the court and then you can arrange your own games. Easy enough. Be warned, it is HOT and HUMID!Language: Lots of French being spoken, but it was never an issue. English speakers totally welcome. (side note: while there are a few europeans who should not wear the thong, it was interesting to see that they are in general in much better shape then the average american. We really need to deal with this problem!!)Its Club Med. Lots of activities, lots of excitement if you want it, and just a very pleasant place. All the employees are nice, never had a problem at all. Recommended.

I liked it a lot I liked this resort a lot. My wife and I stayed in the I building with a great balcony view of the pool and the ocean.We thought our service was good with at least two daily visits by housekeeping. The refrigerator was stocked daily.There were a robe and slippers for each of us.The evening shows were very good with a live show every night. Most of the other resorts have a live show every other night or less but these shows were not only given on a daily basis but were high energy, lively shows with much dancing by a group of hard working young people. After the evening shows there was a nine piece salsa type band with dancing on the patio adjacent to the theater whcih was a lot of fun. The staff is there to make sure everyone has a partner.The bar staffs were very friendly and could mix anything with a little guidance. The bar stock was not very extensive (no bourbon, no brand names gins or vodkas) but it was okay. Try the mamajuana which is served at most bars and specialty restaurants and is served with a laugh or at least a smile.The food is okay. We found plenty to eat at all times. Not gourmet but satisfactory.The specialty restaurants were good and we rank them in this order: Japanese, Seafood, Italian, Mexican, and Steak House.(With the steak house a distant last place.)Beach, pool and scenery are all outstanding with the grounds crew busy at all times. We were with a group of 11 people whose reviews would vary considerably but my wife and I liked this place a lot and would go back.

OK Hotel, Good Location We stayed here one night prior to a cruise, this seems to be a popular hotel for the cruise lines. The hotel is nice, clean, in an excellent location in the center of town close to everything. We used the nearby Metro station to get around....the Metro is safe, fast, convenient, and easy for visitors to figure out.Our room was in the back which overlooks a school that had basketball and soccer games going until about 8:00pm but actually this was not a distraction and probably quieter than the front which is on a busy street. The only complant we had was with the bed which was poor (you roll to the center) but otherwise everything else fine. Breakfast was included and the quality was excellent. I think this hotel can be a little pricey for what it is, I might stay here again but would also look around at other sites before coming back.

A Jewel in New Orleans I have written a few previous reviews that I call Jewels and this is another one. A jewel is a hotel others may pass by that turns out to be excellent in many different ways.....I especially try to avoid the large, unimaginative, and expensive chains and stay in the local hotels that have so much to offer. Yes, I know that this hotel is part of the Carlson group but when you're there it doesn't feel like it. The prior reviews posted here are what I relied on when making our reservation, and I wasn't disappointed. So please read these reviews and you too won't go wrong. Location, price, staff, facilities, cleanliness, it's all here, I wouldn't stay any where else. By the way when you're there try the Bon Ton Cafe next door, it's excellent.

Good experience I am currently staying at the Holiday Inn Waikiki. The reception staff were friendly, and the facilities in the room worked as expected, including a free safe deposit box and free Internet access both wired and wireless (though the wireless is by accident and not supplied by the hotel).The problems I did run into were unclear information in the service booklet in the room, which mentioned use of the safe costs money. Furthermore, if you want to catch a public bus downtown or to other Oahu attractions you have to walk about 2 blocks. Even the airport shuttle did dropped me a short walk from the hotel entrance.The hotel is several blocks away from both the beach and the conference center, which means you do not need to take a car or bus if you are attending either of these.In all, for $100+tax a night for two double beds, this hotel is satisfactory.

Fourth time in three years! Recently returned from our fourth holiday in three years at the Melia Bali in Nusa Dua and felt I had to write a review.My partner and I have been holidaying in Bali at least once a year for over 8 years; we used to stay in Sanur but changed to Nusa Dua and the Melia Bali three years ago. We have always enjoyed the facilities and the fantastic gardens at this hotel. This year however, the hotel excelled themselves; we were upgraded to a de-luxe room on the 3rd floor, provided with a de-humidifier (necessary) and a bunch of flowers for my partner. We were also given a card giving us access to all of the Garden Villa facilities (separate breakfast dining room, afternoon tea etc).For anyone who is interested, I had two suits made (and three shirts) in Nusa Dua and I have to say they were of very high quality and value! I used Rezky tailors which are just around the first left turn after you leave the main gates going out of the Nusa Dua hotel complex. The suits worked out at each!We also used the same spa we have used on each of our visits the spa Sekar Jagat (google bali massage) - who will pick up and drop off from the hotels and are a fraction of the hotel prices.All in all, we will continue to visit Bali every year and will be happy to stay at the Meli Bali, all the time their standards are so high!

OK hotel in very quiet area I stayed in this hotel for three nights whilst attending a conference at the adjacent cyberport centre.The hotel is good quality and does the basics well. It wouldn't survive in HK otherwise.Criticisms include hotel's location which is quite isolated and if you want to see HK Island you have to taxi into town and elsewhere. Also I found the style of the hotel a bit antiseptic. I was staying in the SPG club floor but still found the rooms small and lacking any charm. The use of mirrors everywhere creates the illusion of space but thats sort of cheating really. My room, despite being informed it was sea view, actually faced onto a hill and overlooked a busy road. No free internet service either. Nothing major just not my cup of tea.That said the staff couldn't have been more friendly and helpful.I would only stay here again if the room rate was well discounted as all the traveling about was wearing particularly in HK's heat and humidity.

A most pleasant stay, with very friendly and accommodating staff Room 832, Jurys Hotel - the bedroom

Fantastic Contemporary Hotel Cant praise this hotel enough, loved staying here, spent 8 nights. Very friendly and helpful service. They recommended great places to eat, and even rang to make resevations. This is a brand new hotel, and delivered everything you see on the hotel website. The room was spotless and very quiet, excellent air-con system. The roof terrace is brilliant, drinks are brought up to you from the bar. Location is great, just a couple of steps from Rocafort metro stop. Cant think of anything negative. Cant wait to come back! Recommend Sazzerak for food, on Consell de Cent 211.

Never again We had booked our room in August, specifying we wanted a superior room as high up as possible. The hotel replied they would do their best to grant our wish. On arrival we were offered a room on the ground floor some distance from the reception desk and next to a lavatory, with a french window going out unto a narrow inside court. The room was dark even in mid-afternoon. When we complained it was pointed out to us with silky smoothness that they had only promised us a room. As rooms were allocated on a daily basis and this was the only one available of that category they were entirely justified and we were utterly wrong in complaining. As an alternative we were offered a standard (i.e. small) room and a suite at a 10 per cent discount. We left next morning.

Great hotel, friendly staff This is a great hotel to stay in whilst visiting Boston, although a little bit out of the city a free shuttle runs every 15mins to and from the subway atation during the day and every half hour at night. If you want to get somewhere at a time when the shuttle is not running all you have to do is ask and they will put it on for you, we were picked up from the airport at about 11pm on arrival and were dropped at the subway station at about 6am on the day of our departure.The hotel was very nice and clean, there was a free breakfast in the morning and there was internet access though it cost about $7 per half hour. There was also a small gym in the hotel for use of residents. There are no restaurants around the hotel but there is a bowling alley which offers take away pizza.The only problem with this hotel was the shuttle is sometimes overcrowded and not everyone can get on, however it is never long before the next one comes along.

Great Location, Fantastic Views This hotel has a great location in San Francisco, within easy walking distance of the harbour as well as being near many bus stops and the main cable car station. The hotel was very nice, the rooms were a good size and great value for money. Also the view from our room out over the bay and the Golden Gate Bridge was amazing. Only downside was the car parking charge of $25 a day. Otherwise this was a great hotel and would definitely recommend.

Just what the Doctor ordered Lunch

Good Location, Excellent Value The Europa is conveniently located between the Duomo and the Accademia. Also, we, as seniors travelling light, had no difficulty walking to the train station, perhaps ten minutes distant. Gassem and Miriam (management) were most helpful and solicitous, and spoke excellent English, too. Our bedroom and bath accommodations were clean and comfortable, and the breakfast spread was good. The Europa was our best value on our trip, which also included stopovers in Verona, Venice and Rome. I will recommend the Europa to my friends.

Hotel Excellent...Dutch Beer --- Yes out of the way but clean, friendly and nice people.Our room was small but we came to the Dam to explore not hang in the room. When we were there the two bartenders in the pub were very friendly (salim? and Ninka) met some cool people and even watched Liverpool vs Chelsea one nite. The beds were comfotable and the shower/bathroom were more than enough for us.Taking the bus is really easy! It is a solid 15 minutes out to Centraal.Tell them at check in you dont want the mini-bar...just by moving an item they will charge you. We had them empty it and filled it with our own items. Breakfast buffet is fair (had it once). It will be tough to find a 99 euro/nite hotel as decent, as this place. goood bargain. Dont fret about the bus its a great way to see and meet people.

What a Great Stay! Al Ponte Antico's Splendid Terrace

Its a Bed Anonymous and mediocre..... The staff will happily watch you unload your car and struggle through the lobby with your suitcases. I think this place has been recently upgraded but my room was just tatty, a modern carpet and funky paint doesn't hide that the fittings in this place are early 80's maybe? Its just ok if you need somewhere to sleep.

Pleasantly surprised The Palace is one of those Grand old City Hotels. I have to say following the reviews on here I was expecting a lot worse. I was pleasantly surprised. All staff were impeccably polite helpful. Starwood have there hands on this place, the beds were indeed heavenly, so comfortable I didn't want to get out of them. Great meeting spaces and glorious lounge. I tried the iron test, it took three calls to coach room service into bringing an iron which made me late for an important drinks reception, but that's my only negative point.

Got lucky! We booked this hotel on Travelocity, which at the time had a Good Buy sale for an economy double room for $92 a night. It was definitely a steal! The hotel is very new and had a boutique hotel feel, with dark woods and minimalist design and furniture. The staff was top notch and spoke English very well. We didn't try the two restaurants inside the hotel but it seemed like they were well-visited (and pricey).Its location just meters away from Shinjuku's South Entrance made it easy to get around (there's also an elevator right behind the hotel's street-level sign that goes down to the subway). Another big plus is that the Airport Limousine Bus stops right in the hotel driveway which made getting to Narita much easier. We had a room on the 6th floor and noise wasn't an issue. The bathroom was larger than expected. There is also a small business center with two computers and free Internet access, as well as a small coffee/tea bar. Overall, a great value!

Convenient, great staff With some forethought and a little luck, the Queen Anne can be a gem. We booked a one-bedroom suite and were given room 404. It really wasn't up to par, so we asked to be moved and were given 414, which was a gem. This room has a turret and has been recently refurbished with new windows, new furniture and bedding. The bathroom is spacious with room on the lavatory sink and tub to put your sundries. If we go back to San Francisco, we'd request room 414.Included in the price of the room are sherry and cookies in the late afternoon from 4-6 p.m. and a passable breakfast in the morning. The staff was amazingly helpful and kind. We were treated almost as family. Manager Michael arranged our room move with sensitivity and speed. People on the front desk were friendly and helpful. Concierege Roberto recommended great neighborhood restaurants in the Fillmore area and rescued an evening out. We had booked tickets for a performance in the Rrazz Room at the Nikko hotel online, but when we arrived they had no record of the booking. I had left the confirmation slip back at the hotel. With minutes to go before the performance, we called Roberto who raced to our room and found the slip. The Fillmore area is an eight or so block walk from the hotel, but the number 3 bus will take you there from right in front of the hotel in about five minutes. Fillmore is filled with little restaurants and shops, and not the standard stuff you see everywhere. We ate a lovely French meal at Chouquet and had OK Italian at Via Veneto. Reservations are a good idea because this is a happening area and the restaurants are small. Roberto will gladly make them for you.If you're over age 65, you can ride the Muni buses and streetcars (not the cable cars) for 50 cents by showing any kind of a proof-of-age ID. Frankly, most drivers never bothered to check when we asked for senior fares. Take the offered transfers. They are supposed to be good for 90 minutes, but, again, the drivers rarely checked.A block and a half from the hotel, you can catch several buses to Union Square and the financial district and the number 2 to the Ferry Building. From there, antique streetcars run along the Embarcadero to Fisherman's Wharf. A note of caution: the cars are jammed in the late afternoon with returning tourists, so you may not get on unless you go to the Wharf.We rented bikes from Blazing Saddles at Pier 41 on the Embarcadero for a ride across the Golden Gate Bridge to Sausalito for lunch and a ferry ride back. It makes for a great half-day experience, and we were blessed with incredible weather -- sunny and in the 70s. Memorable.All in all, our stay at the Queen Anne was lovely. Two fireplaces in the lobby made homecoming a joy. The rooms can be a mixed bag but some, like 414, are downright special. This hotel was built more than 100 years ago, which means some small compromises, but not many. Don't expect the spit and polish of a chain. The location is quiet and a bit away from things, but excellent public transit resolves that.

Completely exceeded expectations We made a decision in July to go to Paris in September. Hotels recommended by friends were booked, but the Dusquene Eiffel was available. The great Trip Advisor reviews clinched it. The only room type available online was the comfort double, but the attentive staff responded with the offer of an upgrade to a superior room. Based on reviews, I chanced requesting Room 55, and it was available for four of the five nights we wanted. The fifth night was in room 25. The room and the hotel were wonderful. All rooms ending in 5 are corner rooms with views of the Eiffel Tower through french doors. Room 55 at the top of the hotel has the best view and a two-sided balcony from which you also can see Sacre Coeur and Les Invalides. The star attraction, of course, is the Eiffel Tower. At night, it sparkles in your window on the hour with the lights installed for the Millennium celebration. Magical, and surely one of the best views in all of Paris. Room 56 next door is smaller but also has direct views of the Tower from the bed. It would be nice if the hotel would put flower boxes and a couple of small chairs and a little table on the balcony. That would make it perfection.The hotel staff is everything the reviews say and more. They are knowledgeable, friendly, helpful and cheerful and will gladly suggest and make reservations at restaurants and even provide a computer-generated map to them. Even though we had been to Paris before, we really appreciated the advice of the staff. Special kudos to Amanda and Pritti.As others have said, Rue Cler is just a couple of blocks away behind the Ecole Militare Metro stop. This is a great place for coffee and a pain du chocolat in the morning though your table mates may be Americans armed with Rick Steve's Paris guide. There are wonderful cheese and chocolate shops and a nice patisserie. At the Ecole Militare Metro stop there is a small supermarket with a good selection of wine, fruit and staples.Use the Metro and invest in the Paris Visite pass, which is good for one to five days of unlimited public transit rides and discounts to some museums and attractions. Buy them at the Metro stations.We like mussels and went to one of the many Lyon de Bruxelles restaurants. It's a chain, but if moules are your passion, they are good and reasonably priced here. The nicest restaurant experience of the trip was at Fermette Marbeuf (5 Avenue Marbeuf). Its domed ceiling and tile work were enchanting and the food was superb. There's a 30 Euro fixed-price menu that is well worth selecting. We embellished it a bit, added wine and coffee and the tab was only 101 Euro, service included, for a special night of elegant service and wonderful cuisine.All in all, a lovely time at a lovely hotel with a lovely staff and a lovely view. A few reviewers seemed disenchanted with their rooms, but they seemed unused to the size of European hotel rooms and the prevalence of glass half-doors on showers. True, some of the rooms at Dusquene Eiffel are small and more basic, but if you can plan a little request room 55 or any of the corner rooms ending in 5. You won't be disappointed.

loved the hotel and friendly staf the hotel has for the price we payed a verry good service ,staf at the reception is good and also in the restaurant are good in cleaning the table,s givving ansewers for youre questions, the rooms are clean and more then enough space for 2 people,the only min.point the swimmingpool and the bar and cafe where closed in the time we spend here but you can order youre drinks in the restaurant in the evening great hotel, we stayed herre infrom 13th 01 08 till 16th 01 08

